http://0blog.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Our basic privacy policy is simple. We will not rent, sell, or share personal information that we collect about you.
Toivo Lainevool's Random Thoughts takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Toivo Lainevool's Random Thoughts uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google's cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google's own privacy policies.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to tlainevool@gmail.com for further clarification.
This entry was posted
on Saturday, April 5th, 2008 at 11:17 am						and is filed under All.
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Leave a Reply
Name
Mail (will not be published)
Website
Starts with Zero.
Tech, movies, music, food and other random leakage from Toivo "Deutsch" Lainevool's Brain.
RSS 2.0 RSS
Links
Aria Las Vegas News and Deals
Articles and Reference
Blogging Crap
Desktop Tower Defense Blog
Discounts on Cruises
Fight Splog! Eliminate Spam Blogs.
Free Things to do in Las Vegas
I *heart* sensible shoes
Las Vegas Buffets
Las Vegas Hotel Discounts and Deals
Las Vegas Information for Smart Travelers
Line Rider Videos, Tips, and Discussion
Other Links
Paul Boddum
Realistic Real Estate Investing
Share AdSense Earnings
Travel Deals to Atlantic City
Travel Deals to New York City
Travel Deals to Orlando
Travel Deals to Reno
Who Has the Best Pool in Las Vegas?
XML Design Patterns
Archives
July 2009
May 2009
February 2009
January 2009
May 2008
April 2008
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
August 2006
July 2006
June 2006
March 2006
February 2006
January 2006
December 2005
November 2005
October 2005
September 2005
August 2005
September 2004
August 2004
Categories
All
Business
Food
Hollywood Restaurant Vegetarian Rating
Recipes
Restaurant Review
Humor
Language
Movies
Movie Review
Music
New Bands
Tech
Blogging
Google
Software Development
Web
Television
Cats
MotoGP
Travel
Uncategorized