https://14hh.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://fourteenholyhelpers.org, which is also accessed by https://14hh.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment, only if you decide to use that service.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share, sell, or rent any information collected by our website to any third party outside the parish without expressly disclosing the usage in advance.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Follow:
Order CartParish Information
Mailing Address
Fourteen Holy Helpers Parish
1345 Indian Church RoadWest Seneca, NY
14224
Contact Numbers
Rectory: 674-2374 (Fax: 675-4864)
Religious Education Office: 674-2180
Parish E-Mail: Subscribe
Social Media
Facebook:
... Parish:
... Summerfest:
Twitter: Follow @14HolyHelpers
YouTube:
... Parish Channel:
Masses
Audio recordings of the current Sunday Mass, previous Masses, and special parish events and presentations are available through our Resources section under the link ...
14HH Audio Recordings LINK
Note that during Liturgical seasons or special events, our standard schedule of Masses presented below can change.
Refer to our Parish Calendar ... LINK to Parish Calendar ... for the most current schedule
Saturday Vigil: 4:30 p.m
Hall only
Sunday:
... 8:00 a.m.
Church and Hall
... 10:00 a.m.
Church and Hall, also live streamed on YouTube
... 12:00 noon
Hall only
Weekday Mass:
... Monday
8:00 a.m.
Church
... Tuesday
8:00 a.m. Church
... Wednesday
7:00 p.m.
Church
... Thursday
8:00 a.m.
Church
... Friday
8:00 a.m. Church
Sacrament of Reconciliation
Call Rectory for Fr. David for an appointment or in an emergency
Saturday: 3:00 - 3:30 p.m.
Parish Business Office
*** Rectory is open at 50% capacity per NYS guidelines. Staff working remotely during the rest of the time. Call 674-2374 and leave a voice message. Email to rectory@14hh.org.
We will respond to your messages ***
Monday: 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. Tuesday: 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.Wednesday: 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Thursday: 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Friday: Staff working remotely
Closed all Holidays
Support 14 Holy Helpers
ON-LINE GIVING