https://4n6.com/speckin-forensics-privacy-policy/
Court Opinions
Scientific Papers
Media
Forensics Case Examples by Specialty
16th Largest Verdict in 2001
Barack Obama 2008 Presidential Election Fraud Indiana
2011 Anthrax Probe
2013 City of Detroit Absentee Ballot Fraud
2014 Larry Currington Assault Case
2017 Flint Michigan Mayoral Recall
2019 Aretha Franklin Estate Will Examination
Appliance Trader Limited Pension Fraud
Aptix Case
Claude McCollum Lawsuit
Counterfeit 5 Hour Energy Case
Henry Cuellar Ciro Rodriguez Voter Fraud
John F Kennedy Letters
John Lennon Memorabilia Forgery
Movie Rights to Trouble with the Curve
NBA Counterfeit Trading Cards
The Jon Benet Ramsey Case
United States vs. Martha Stewart
Veterans Dogs Pardoned from Death Row
Warner Bros. Rights Lawsuit Over ‘Last Samurai’
FAQ
FAQ
Types of Examination
Forensic Tools
Contact
Contact
Types of Examination
Staff CV’s
Leonard A. Speckin
Erich J. Speckin
Richard L. Brunelle
Roger J. Bolhouse, MBA
Robert D. Kullman
Michael Sinke
Dr. Thomas K. Huard Ph.D.
Dr. Jay A. Siegel Ph. D.
Dr. Laurence Robert Simson,
Jr., M.D.
Robert Cilwa
Dr. Julie Howenstine
George F. Jackson Ph.D., DABFT, TC(NRCC), FTS(ABFT)
Donald A. Smith
Terrell Nadeau
Anthony Milone
Speckin Forensics Privacy Policy
Information Speckin Forensics Collects For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the IP address and Domain Name. Speckin Forensics collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information or site registrations, payment information when applicable (e.g. credit card number and billing address). The information Speckin Forensics collect is used for internal review and is then discarded. Speckin Forensics use the data to improve the content of our Web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for individual visitors, to notify customers about updates to the Web site. This information is disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website. This would apply to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
Cookies Speckin Forensics use cookies to record session information, when applicable. Cookies are used with items that are viewed or added to a shopping cart, and to record past activity at the site in order to provide better service to the visitor when they return to the site.
E-mail If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at especkin@4n6.com or calling us (888) 999-1009. Speckin Forensics do not make our customer email list available to any other organization. Your email address and your physical address and phone number will only be used to communicate with you regarding the content of the Website. You may contact us at the above email address to request that you be placed on a “do not contact” list if you do not wish to receive any communication from us. Speckin Forensics may, from time to time use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy policy. If our information practices change at some point in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes and to provide you with an opportunity to opt out of these new uses. Speckin Forensics will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of any changes and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information may be used, we encourage you to check back at our website periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, or calling us at the number listed above.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to all information, that we maintain about them including: • Unique identifier information (customer number or password) • Transaction information if applicable, (dates of purchases, amounts and types of purchases) such as we maintain about them; • Contact information (e.g. name, address, and phone number.)
Upon request, Speckin Forensics offer Website visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, and communications that the visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by contacting us through email, telephone call, or by writing to us at the above provided location.
Security In the event Speckin Forensics transfer or receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors on our site. Speckin Forensics have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Speckin Forensics use a variety of tools that may include encryption technologies, passwords, physical and electronic security and procedural safeguards to assist in protecting your information.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address and phone number; or contact state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, or state or local consumer protection office.
Return To TopComputer and Machine Generated Documents
Arson – Fire Investigation
Computer and Cell Phone Forensics
Court Appointed
Court Opinions
Crime Scene Reconstruction
DNA / Serology
Fingerprints and Palm Prints
Handwriting and Forgery Examination
Impression Evidence (Shoe & Tire Prints)
Ink Dating Expert Witness
Medical Records Review for Alterations
Scientific Papers
Staff CV’s
Trace Evidence and Toxicology
Contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Immigration DNA Testing
DNA Testing Centre
Copyright © 2020 4n6.com