http://4thu.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Fourth Universalist Society in the City of New York
Address: 160 Central Park West, New York, New York 10023
Phone: 212-595-1658
Office Email: office@4thu.org
Office Hours: Sunday - Thursday, 9-5pm
Ministers and staff available by appointment
The Fourth Universalist Society in the City of New York
Facebook YouTube Instagram
Connect
Contact
Give
Calendar
Search
Love, liberation, and hope
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by The Fourth Universalist Society, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: office@4thu.org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include your name and email address if you choose to sign up for our newsletter.  We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at office@4thu.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Fourth Universalist. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Search for:
Search