https://a-b-c.org/privacy
Home
About
What We Do
Our Story
Board of Directors
Annual Reports & Financials
Leadership
Programs
Overview
Early Childhood
Mental Health Care
Preventive Services
Youth Services
Family Support
Supportive Housing
Study Buddies Connect
News
News
Media
Donate
Donate
COVID-19
Gold Star Givers
Planned Giving
Racial Justice
ABC Store
Get Involved
Get Involved
Careers
Contact
Blog
ABC Blog
ABC Blog en español
Search
Privacy PolicyAssociation to Benefit Children (ABC) respects and values the privacy of our website visitors and e-mail recipients. By using the ABC website, you consent to the data practices described in the following policy, which describes the collection, use, and disclosure of information.Information We CollectOn our website there is a donation and newsletter sign up section where we will ask for your personal information including your name, address, and e-mail. We only use this information for the intended services. By submitting this information, you give us permission to contact you from time to time to tell you about how you can support our mission, keep you updated about our events, and send you our seasonal newsletter.  If you wish to withdraw your consent to receive the information about ABC as stated above, you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ bottom that appears at the bottom of all our emails.Donation PolicyWe are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our donors. If you make a donation through our website, we will request contact information such as your name, e-mail, address and payment information. As stated in “Information We Collect,” you can unsubscribe at any time.  All payments for donations are processed by Blackbaud. To protect your credit card information, Blackbaud encrypts personal and credit card information and sends an automated confirmation email for all transactions.Unless you specify in the “leave a comment” section that your gift should be “anonymous” or otherwise request that your name not be listed, we will list the names of donors in our annual report to acknowledge your generosity publicly.Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationABC is committed to safeguarding information shared with us through the donation and newsletter sections. We will only share your information if you give us specific permission to do so.We will permit only a limited number of authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of donor information, to have access to that information. We will not sell, trade, or share your personal information collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.We may save personal information to comply with federal and state policies, but we do not disclose this information to third parties or government agencies unless state or federal law requires us to do so or exigent circumstances require us to protect the safety of our users or the public.You have the right to review information that we have collected about you. If you wish to review that information please email us at abc@a-b-c.org.Revisions to the Privacy Policy ABC reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notification. Any such changes will be reflected on this Privacy Policy page and will be effective immediately upon posting on our website. Please check this page periodically for changes or updates that may affect you.Thank you for visiting our site.Updated November 2020