http://aasingapore.com/privacy-policy/
American Association of Singapore
Bringing the community together since 1917
Have fun, give back, be involved!
LOGIN
Join Now!
Home
Events
Events Calendar
George Washington Ball
4th of July Celebration
Ambassador's Cup Golf
Thanksgiving
Toys for Tots
AAS Recommended Events
Photos
Career Support
About CRCE
Jobs and Volunteering
Add Resume
Career Workshops
For Employers
Membership
Membership
Member Benefits
Home Hospitality
Scouts
Photo Gallery
YouTube Videos
Publications
Living in Singapore Reference Guide
Living in Singapore Magazine
LIS Magazine Archives
The American Journey in Singapore
Advertise with Us
Yellow Pages
Partners
AAS Partnerships
Centennial Partners
Eagle Partners
Community Partner
About
What We Do
History
Mission Statement
Staff Profiles
Board of Directors
Log In
How to Find Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The American Association of Singapore is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web sites.
This policy may change without prior notice.
Some web pages created by The American Association of Singapore use 'cookies', which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie's purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.
Many major Web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.
The American Association of Singapore will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.
Linked sites are not under the control of The American Association of Singapore. Therefore, The American Association of Singapore is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by The American Association of Singapore.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us.
Print
UPCOMING EVENTS
December 12, 2020 - 10 a.m.
AAS at ACRES
Bring the whole family and join in this volunteering opportunity organized by AAS. Are you passionate about the welfare of …View Details
December 15, 2020 - midnight
One-to-One Career Counseling with …
Register NOW for your private career counseling session with our Career Advisor.View Details
December 16, 2020 - midnight
Discovery Session: Executive Coaching …
Are you looking to optimize your professional …View Details
Join the American Association of Singapore Now!
Learn More