http://aasianst.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Aasianst
home
Diet and Weight Loss
Health and Fitness
Beauty
About us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms and Conditions
Dr Oz Recommends
Natural Weight Loss with 5-HTP
Raspberry Ketone
What is Raspberry Ketone?
How it works
Reviews
Testimonials
Carla
James
Sandra
Kylie
African Mango
Testimonials
Research
Side Effects
Benefits
Reviews
Dynamic Health LIQUID African Mango
Futurebiotics Brand African Mango
Life Extensions- Integra Lean – African Mango extract
Super African Mango 1200
Ultimate African Mango by Only Natural
Genceutic African Mango plus green tea
Green Coffee Extract
Health Benefits
Green Coffee Extract Study Results in 16 Percent Body Fat Reduction
Side Effects
Testimonials
Dianna J.
Weight Loss
Burn fat fast!
Green Coffee Bean Extract Weight Loss
Where to Buy
Hcg Diet
HCG Diet Info
Instructions
Diet Tips
Science
Phase I – Preparation (Optional)
Phase II – Diet
Phase III – Maintenance
Maintenance tips
testimonials
Angela
Jaan
Ron
Ruth Brown
Susan
Acai Berry
Acai Pills
Pills
Side Effects
Benefits
Juice
Acai Berry FAQ
Nutritional Info
Books and Literature
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order,
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we use a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Recent Posts
Weight Loss – 8 Clinically Proven Tips
Lipodrene Some Sort Of Complete Review
Herbal In Order To Get Regarding Dandruff
Secrets In Newlifebotanical Garcinia Cambogia Extract – An Update
The way Niagen helps your cells stay young
Using Garcinia Cambogia For Weight-Loss – A Good Option?
The Advantages Offered with Garcinia Cambogia
What Users Say About Bare Natural Garcinia Cambogia
Optimized Weight Loss Regimen With Garcinia Cambogia
Garcinia Cambogia Weight Loss Supplements – The Top 4 For Losing Weight
Copyright © 2016 · All Rights Reserved · Aasianst
Magazine Theme v3 by Organic Themes · WordPress Hosting · RSS Feed · Log in