https://abg.org/legal-privacy/
skip to Main Content
The Name Alpha Beta Gamma® and the Greek Initials for the Society are registered trademarks. Permission to use them must be obtained from the national organization.
Information Collection and Use
Alpha Beta Gamma is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. We collect information from our members and visitors to better serve you with pertinent information. Information collected may include your name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. We do not store credit card numbers once a credit card transaction has been completed. We may also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. To insure that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone. If you elect to receive our newsletter or other information, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items.
Sharing
In the interests of creating a safer marketplace, Alpha Beta Gamma will disclose its customers’ personally identifiable information to law enforcement or third party fraud protection companies whenever such disclosure is required by state or federal law.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Alpha Beta Gamma is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website. Alpha Beta Gamma does not assume responsibility for the claims and/or representations made on other websites.
Other Terms
Information on our website is subject to change without notice. Alpha Beta Gamma is not responsible for typographical and/or photographical errors. Alpha Beta Gamma reserves the right to refuse service to anyone.
Limitation of Liability
In all circumstances Alpha Beta Gamma’s maximum liability is limited to the amount of money you pay us through our website. Alpha Beta Gamma shall not, under any circumstances, be liable upon a claim or action in contract, tort, indemnity or contribution, or other claims which exceed this liability limit.
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Alpha Beta Gamma will provide a full refund for cancellation of any event up to 30 days prior to the event. Cancellations should conducted by email. Contact Brenda Bogren, Executive Coordinator. Her email address is brenda.bogren@abg.org.
Search
Submit
Copyright Alpha Beta Gamma - All Rights Reserved
Legal & Privacy