https://aboriginalhealthcentre.com/about-us/safeguarding-the-privacy-of-your-information/
Safeguarding the Privacy of Your Information – De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre
Hamilton: 905-544-4320 • Brantford: 519-752-4340 • Niagara:
1-877-402-4121
A- A A+ TwitterInstagramFacebookInstagram500pxPortal Donate Login
De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre
Aboriginal Health Centre / Clinic for the Hamilton and Brantford area in Ontario.
Home About UsCareers Staff Directory Quality Improvement Capital Planning Donors Awards Safeguarding the Privacy of Your Information
Our ServicesAdvocacy & Outreach Health Care (Doctors, Nurse Practitioners, etc.) Healthy Living Department Healthy Kids Community Challenge Mental Health Services Traditional Healing & Traditional Counseling Homeward Bound: From Homelessness to Community Diabetes Education Program
Volunteer ResearchOur Health Counts
News EventsHamilton Brantford Niagara Falls October Moon
Contact Us
Home About UsCareers Staff Directory Quality Improvement Capital Planning Donors Awards Safeguarding the Privacy of Your Information
Our ServicesAdvocacy & Outreach Health Care (Doctors, Nurse Practitioners, etc.) Healthy Living Department Healthy Kids Community Challenge Mental Health Services Traditional Healing & Traditional Counseling Homeward Bound: From Homelessness to Community Diabetes Education Program
Volunteer ResearchOur Health Counts
News EventsHamilton Brantford Niagara Falls October Moon
Contact Us
Safeguarding the Privacy of Your InformationYou are here:HomeAbout UsSafeguarding the Privacy of Your Information
SAFEGUARDING THE PRIVACY OF YOUR INFORMATION
De Dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre —COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
In order to provide quality care and services to our clients, we collect and use personal information. De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre is committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of all information gathered from clients, staff and volunteers.   De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre is committed to following the rules set out within the relevant legislation (PHIPA), and therefore preventing the inappropriate collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
To ensure the protection of your personal information, we have:
Privacy Policies in place
Appointed a Chief Privacy Officer to answer your concerns or inquiries
Set up safeguards in the handling of paper, electronic and verbal personal information
HOW WE WORK
The Centre’s service providers work in teams to provide you with comprehensive care and service.  Information for your best care may be shared among those directly involved with your care.
LIMITS TO CONFIDENTIALITY
De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre may report information to third parties without consent:
If we believe you are a danger to yourself or others
If we suspect that a child under the age of 16 is at risk
If our records are subpoenaed by the courts
If you are considered by law to be unable to make informed decisions about yourself
In cases of a reportable communicable disease that must be reported to a Public Health Agency
To determine or verify your eligibility to receive health care benefits
In cases of required reporting to the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board
ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
The information in your records belongs to you; the physical record itself belongs to the Centre.  You are welcome to read or request a copy of your personal health records (administration fee may be applicable for photocopies).  If you wish to access your personal health record please inquire at the front desk.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If at any time you have questions or concerns about the treatment of your personal health information or the protection of your privacy within De dwa da dehs nye>s Aboriginal Health Centre, please do not hesitate to address your concerns in writing to your service provider or, De dwa da dehs nye>s’ Privacy Officer (Andrea Cherry) at (905) 544-4320 ext. 228 or email: acherry@dahac.ca.
You may also contact the Information/ Privacy Commissioner of Ontario at 1-800-387-0073 or e-mail infor@ipc.on.ca; web: http://www.ipc.on.ca.
Privacy Resources
Click here to view policy on appointing a Privacy Officer  (Link Temporarily Unavailable)
Click here to view Privacy Officer Job Description (Link Temporarily Unavailable)
Upcoming Events
Learning About Sugars and Health
October 14 @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm
Artful Presence
October 18 @ 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Lifestyle education session
October 20 @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm
Feather Dressing
October 21 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
View All Events
Please fill in our survey Our LocationIn general, do you think the patient-physician relationship is improving or declining?
Improving
Declining
Same
Unsure/No opinion
Hamilton Location 678 Main Street East
Hamilton, Ontario L8M 1K2
Phone: (905) 544-4320
Fax: (905) 544-4247
Accepting new patients
Accessible (elevator + lift)
Brantford Location 36 King Street
Brantford, Ontario N3T 3C5
Phone: (519) 752-4340
Fax: (519) 752-6096
Accepting new patients
Accessible (elevator)
Niagara Location 145 Queenston St., Unit 204
St. Catharines, ON L2R 2Z9
Phone: 1-877-402-4121
Fax: 1-844-594-2334
Accepting new patients
Accessible (elevator)
© 2020 Aboriginal Health Centre. All Rights Reserved.
Web design & development by GraphixFlo.com
WP-Backgrounds by InoPlugs Web Design and Juwelier Schönmann
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Reset Password
Username or E-mail:
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Tweets by https://twitter.com/_DAHC_?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw