https://about.ku.dk/cookies-and-privacy-policy/
Topic navigation
Content
Footer links
Coronavirus Information på dansk / Information in English
Study at UCPH
Bachelor's
programmes
Master's programmes
Visiting
students
PhD programmes
Online courses
Course search
Research
Researchers and
publications
PhD programmes
Research centres
News
Better diabetes treatment: New insulin molecule can self-regulate blood sugar
2020.12.03
New book provides rare insights into a Mesopotamian medical practitioner’s education
2020.11.30
Satellite images confirm uneven impact of climate change
2020.11.26
All news
Press service
Collaboration
Research collaboration
International alliances
Innovation and entrepreneurship
Alumni
Employment
Job portal
Career for young researchers
For international employees
About UCPH
Profile and history
Facts and figures
Organisation
Faculties
Departments
Contact
About the University of Copenhagen
Vis søgemuligheder
About the University of Copenhagen
Management
Organisation
Strategy
Facts and figures
Profile and history
Visit the University
Contact
Job Portal
International students
UCPH Alumni
About UCPH
Cookie policy
Cookie policy
Click here to change your cookie settings
Unless otherwise stated, the cookie policy applies to all university websites and Facebook pages. The purpose of the policy is to provide information about how UCPH uses cookies on our websites and Facebook pages and how we collect and use data in connection with website and Facebook traffic.
About cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser in order to recognise your computer, tablet or smartphone on subsequent visits. Almost all websites use cookies. A cookie can contain text, numbers or, for example, a date. A cookie is not a program and cannot contain a virus.
The first time you visit the University of Copenhagen website, you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies for statistics and/or marketing purposes. In most cases, cookies collect anonymous data, but IP addresses, which are personally identifiable, are also collected. Cookies may also collect personal information.
UCPH does not share data with third parties, but several of the services that have cookies on our websites do share data with third parties.
The lifetime of a cookie may vary depending on what each provider has set it to. Some cookies disappear as soon as you close the browser window, others may exist for several years. Please note that cookies are renewed on each visit.
How to avoid or delete cookies
If you do not want the University’s websites to save cookies for statistics or marketing purposes on your computer or mobile device, you can choose to reject cookies: Click here to change your cookie settings.
If you do not wish to save cookies on your computer, you have the option to delete them and/or block cookies.
How to delete and/or block cookies: https://minecookies.org/cookiehandtering/ (in Danish)
If you are using a browser that is not in the list from minecookies.org, you must find the instructions in your browser's help pages.
Cookies on UCPH websites
UCPH uses cookies to give users the best experience on our websites. Many of our cookies are therefore necessary in order for you to have the best experience on the site, for example, when playing a video.
We also use cookies to gather web statistics about traffic and visitor patterns. This allows us to customise content and navigation to match users’ visitor patterns.
Moreover, we use cookies to display content from social media, to enable sharing and to promote, for example, programmes or courses.
Below is a more detailed overview of the cookies that are used on ku.dk
Functionality
UCPH uses a number of cookies to properly display the web pages. These cookies control and secure traffic on the web servers and will not be used to collect personal data.
Statistics
UCPH uses analysis tools to compile statistics on users' movements on our websites. They are used, among other things, to compile statistics about which pages are visited, how long users remain on the page, the order of page views and which items are clicked on. These services process the information on behalf of UCPH. To gather statistics about the use of UCPH websites, we use a number of systems:
CrazyEgg
Google Analytics
Hotjar
Matomo
Siteimprove
These providers all place cookies on the websites in order to collect data about user behaviour. As far as possible, we seek to avoid collecting personal data, and we strive to anonymise all data, for example by masking IP numbers in Google Analytics.
If you do not want the University’s websites to save cookies for statistical purposes on your computer or mobile device, you can choose to reject cookies: Click here to change your cookie settings.
Marketing
UCPH uses cookies to promote for example select programmes or courses. Cookies are used to target campaigns and to follow up on the impact of campaigns. For this purpose we use, among others:
Facebook pixel
Google Ads (and DoubleClick)
Youtube
These cookies store both anonymous data and can also store personally identifiable data. Providers may share the data with third parties.
If you do not want the University’s websites to save cookies for marketing purposes on your computer or mobile device, you can choose to reject cookies: Click here to change your cookie settings.
Cookies on the University’s Facebook pages
When you visit one of the University of Copenhagen's Facebook pages, Facebook will add cookies to your computer or other device.Facebook will receive data about you when you visit one of the University of Copenhagen's Facebook pages, regardless of whether you have a Facebook profile or not.
The data that Facebook collects about you is made available, to a very limited extent, to the University in anonymised form via the Facebook Insights feature (Insight into a page). Facebook Insights gives us an overview of visitor statistics and makes it possible to improve how we use the page.
Facebook and the University of Copenhagen have a joint data responsibility for the processing of your data. This means that Facebook and the University will have to share and determine the responsibility for compliance with the rules of the data protection regulation. You can read about the data protection regulation on the Danish Data Protection Agency website.
However, the vast majority of the personal data processed about you when you visit one of our Facebook pages is collected and processed by Facebook, and the data is not available or accessible to the University. You can read more about Facebook Insights and the sharing of responsibility.
To the extent that the University processes personal data about you in connection with your visits to one of our Facebook pages, the Data Protection Regulation allows you certain rights that you can exercise. You are entitled to:
ask for insight into the data that the University is processing about you,
ask the University to correct wrongful data,
ask the University to delete data that is processed illegally and
ask the University to restrict the processing of your data. The University of Copenhagen's data protection officer can give you more detailed information about the rules and advise you on your rights in relation to the University's processing of personal data.The data protection officer Lisa Schultz can be contacted at dpo@adm.ku.dk
You can read more about the processing of personal data in the University of Copenhagen's privacy policy.
As the main part of the personal data processed about you is collected and processed by Facebook, as indicated above, you may find it useful to also exercise your rights towards Facebook. Read more in Facebook’s privacy policy.
Use of personal data
We never collect personal information without you having provided us with this information, for example by registering for an event or signing up for a newsletter, etc. In this case, the information typically collected is your name, address, postal code, email, field of study or your interests. UCPH does not transfer or sell any personal data to third parties.
Read the general privacy policy for the University of Copenhagen
Owner information
This website is provided by:
University of CopenhagenNørregade 10DK-1165 Copenhagen KPhone: +45 35 32 26 26Email: ku@ku.dk
This cookie policy is based on recommendations from Minecookies.org (in Danish).
These terms and conditions were last updated on 20 August 2020.
Communication
University of Copenhagen
Nørregade 10, PO Box 2177 1017 Copenhagen K
Contact:
University of Copenhagen
ku@ku.dk