https://about.bankofamerica.com/en-us/partnering-locally/supporting-local-communities-to-help-address-the-global-impact-of-the-coronavirus.html
Skip to Content
Personal
Small business
Wealth management
Business & institutions
About us
Site Search
Menu
Who we are
+Show Who we are Dropdown
Show Who we are Dropdown
We’re focused on serving our clients to help them live their financial lives.
Our company
Our strategy
Our businesses
Our values
Our culture
Our leadership
Hear from our CEO
Where we are
United States & Canada
Asia Pacific
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Latin America
History & heritage
Our heritage
Our roots
The rise of an industry
The modern era
Technology & innovations
We're here for you
Latest updates about our response to coronavirus...
learn  More about We're here for you
Better Money Habits®
We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience.....
learn  More about Better Money Habits®
Responsible growth
See how we're bringing our approach to responsible growth to life..
learn  More about Responsible growth
What guides us
+Show What guides us Dropdown
Show What guides us Dropdown
Making financial lives better through the power of every connection.
Responsible growth
See how our focus on responsible growth drives every aspect of our business and culture
Making an impact
Investing in people and communities through our business and partnerships
Environmental sustainability
Driving economic & social progress
Enabling financial health
Our business practices
Maintaining a culture of being accountable and responsible
Governance
Risk management
Client focus
Vendor management
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Our people
Investing in our employees at home and in the workplace so they can better serve our clients
Diversity & inclusion
Attracting & developing talent
Wellness
Recognizing & rewarding performance
Giving & volunteering
Reporting
Providing detailed reports, fact sheets and financial updates about the way we do business
ESG Reporting Frameworks
Report center
Materiality
We're here for you
Latest updates about our response to coronavirus...
learn  More about We're here for you
Arts & Culture
We value the impact art makes on communities and individuals around the world..
learn  More about Arts & Culture
Report center
Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving...
learn  More about Report center
Partnering locally
+Show Partnering locally Dropdown
Show Partnering locally Dropdown
What's happening in your community?
United States
Find by State:
Select State
> Alabama
> Alaska
> Arizona
> Arkansas
> California
> Colorado
> Connecticut
> Delaware
> Florida
> Georgia
> Hawaii
> Idaho
> Illinois
> Indiana
> Iowa
> Kansas
> Kentucky
> Louisiana
> Maine
> Maryland
> Massachusetts
> Michigan
> Minnesota
> Mississippi
> Missouri
> Montana
> Nebraska
> Nevada
> New Hampshire
> New Jersey
> New Mexico
> New York
> North Carolina
> North Dakota
> Ohio
> Oklahoma
> Oregon
> Pennsylvania
> Rhode Island
> South Carolina
> South Dakota
> Tennessee
> Texas
> Utah
> Vermont
> Virginia
> Washington
> West Virginia
> Wisconsin
> Wyoming
Featured Metro Areas:
Select Metro Area
>
Atlanta, GA
>
Baltimore, MD
>
Boston, MA
>
Charlotte, NC
>
Chicago, IL
>
Dallas, TX
>
Detroit, MI
>
Greater Los Angeles, CA
>
Greater Washington, D.C.
>
Houston, TX
>
New York, NY
>
Phoenix, AZ
>
San Diego, CA
>
San Francisco Bay Area, CA
>
Seattle, WA
>
Silicon Valley, CA
>
South Florida, FL
Global
United States & Canada
Asia Pacific
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Latin America
VIEW ALL
How we're involved
Supporting people with disabilities
Service members & veterans
Hunger relief
Responsible growth
Investing in women
VIEW ALL
Resources
Report center
Looking for grants or sponsorships
Find a community development financial institution near you
We're here for you
Latest updates about our response to coronavirus...
learn  More about We're here for you
Breaking the cycle and ending hunger
See how we're investing in local and national programs to fight hunger..
learn  More about Breaking the cycle and ending hunger
Supporting those who've served
See how we're helping service members and veterans make the transition to civilian life...
learn  More about Supporting those who've served
Newsroom
Show Newsroom Dropdown
Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom
Press releases
Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year
Executive biographies
Biographies of Bank of America executives
Journalist resources
Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America
Awards & recognition
Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations
Investor relations
Show Investor relations Dropdown
Access Financial Information
Financial information
Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings
Investor presentations
Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors
Fixed income information
See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials
Annual reports & proxy statements
View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements
Stock information
Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more
Shareholder services
Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions
Newsroom
Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more
Corporate governance
Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business
Contact us
Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail
DID YOU KNOW?
Careers
Show Careers Dropdown
Home
/
Partnering locally
/
Bank of America Supporting Local Communities During the Coronavirus
Print this article
Share this article
Supporting local communities to help address the global impact of the coronavirus
As the coronavirus continues to disrupt day-to-day life around the globe, local communities are forced to deal with a myriad of challenges including increased food insecurity, medical response capacity, disruptions in education and more. As these challenges mount, it’s critical that our communities receive the aid and resources they need to maintain the health of their neighborhoods and, most importantly, residents. “We are focusing our resources on the number one priority — looking after people,” said Brian Moynihan, CEO, Bank of America.
Recognizing the importance of helping to support communities needs during this challenging time, Bank of America has committed $100 million in philanthropic grants to address the impact of the coronavirus, including immediate humanitarian needs delivered by local organizations and global nonprofits. This is in addition to the $250 million in philanthropy we provide each year.
Making an impact locally
The majority of Bank of America’s additional $100 million commitment will be distributed on the ground in local markets. Through April 17, we have provided more than $70 million in assistance to more than 1,000 organizations in local communities across the U.S. These grants specifically address immediate needs facing local communities on food insecurity, medical response and protecting vulnerable populations.
Addressing food insecurity and medical needs
To help address immediate humanitarian needs related to hunger and medical response/capacity, Bank of America is providing $4.5 million to the following U.S. and global nonprofits:
Feeding America is the largest hunger relief provider in the U.S. with a network of more than 200 food banks across the country. Our $1 million grant to Feeding America and more than $15 million to its partner food banks across the U.S will support national food purchasing programs, production of additional emergency food boxes to address high need across the country, and direct grants to local food banks to cover increased costs due to coronavirus response efforts.
The CDC Foundation supports the work of the state and local health departments of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Our $500,000 in grant assistance will help the CDC Foundation focus on gaps in the healthcare system and will support local containment and mitigation measures, supply chain issues, testing capacity and the surge in hospital and medical office needs.
The World Food Programme (WFP) is the world’s first responder to hunger issues and pandemics throughout communities around the globe. Recently, the WFP supported China’s frontline hospitals in Hubei, and it is currently working in Italy. It is active in the anticipated coronavirus priority regions of Asia Pacific, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. Our $1 million grant will immediately support efforts in these regions.
The Global FoodBanking Network (GFN) is directing emergency business continuity grants to food banks around the world that are experiencing significant drops in donations and product sourcing. Our support of $1 million will directly serve food banks in Mexico, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescents (IFRC) is working in 53 countries to help screen and contact trace, provide psychosocial support, clinical, paramedical and homecare services, and emergency social services and essential services for quarantined, vulnerable and affected populations. Our $1 million grant will help support the IFRC as it continues to adapt to increasing needs, including those in countries in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America/Central America, as well as India, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Our continued support
Learn more about our commitment of $250 Million in capital and $10 million in philanthropic grants to Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs).
As the impacts of the coronavirus continue to evolve, the needs in local communities worldwide will evolve, and we will continue to work with partners to provide critical support. In addition, our commitment to ongoing programs vital to the economic growth of communities – such as our support of the arts – remain during this challenging time.
Additionally, we continue to share information with our employees on how they can help support their local communities, including lowering Bank of America’s matching gift minimum to further the impact of employee giving.
To learn about everything we’re doing to support our clients, communities and each other during this unprecedented time, check our Coronavirus Resource Center.4/20/2020
Open Location
Open United States & Canada
Select Country
Select a Partnering Locally
Country to view topics
View Partnering Locally content for United States
Select a Partnering Locally
State to view topics
Viewing Partnering Locally content for All States
View Partnering Locally content for All States
View Partnering Locally content for Alabama
View Partnering Locally content for Alaska
View Partnering Locally content for Arizona
View Partnering Locally content for Arkansas
View Partnering Locally content for California
View Partnering Locally content for Colorado
View Partnering Locally content for Connecticut
View Partnering Locally content for Delaware
View Partnering Locally content for Florida
View Partnering Locally content for Georgia
View Partnering Locally content for Hawaii
View Partnering Locally content for Idaho
View Partnering Locally content for Illinois
View Partnering Locally content for Indiana
View Partnering Locally content for Iowa
View Partnering Locally content for Kansas
View Partnering Locally content for Kentucky
View Partnering Locally content for Louisiana
View Partnering Locally content for Maine
View Partnering Locally content for Maryland
View Partnering Locally content for Massachusetts
View Partnering Locally content for Michigan
View Partnering Locally content for Minnesota
View Partnering Locally content for Mississippi
View Partnering Locally content for Missouri
View Partnering Locally content for Montana
View Partnering Locally content for Nebraska
View Partnering Locally content for Nevada
View Partnering Locally content for New Hampshire
View Partnering Locally content for New Jersey
View Partnering Locally content for New Mexico
View Partnering Locally content for New York
View Partnering Locally content for North Carolina
View Partnering Locally content for North Dakota
View Partnering Locally content for Ohio
View Partnering Locally content for Oklahoma
View Partnering Locally content for Oregon
View Partnering Locally content for Pennsylvania
View Partnering Locally content for Rhode Island
View Partnering Locally content for South Carolina
View Partnering Locally content for South Dakota
View Partnering Locally content for Tennessee
View Partnering Locally content for Texas
View Partnering Locally content for Utah
View Partnering Locally content for Vermont
View Partnering Locally content for Virginia
View Partnering Locally content for Washington
View Partnering Locally content for West Virginia
View Partnering Locally content for Wisconsin
View Partnering Locally content for Wyoming
View Partnering Locally content for Atlanta, GA
View Partnering Locally content for Baltimore, MD
View Partnering Locally content for Boston, MA
View Partnering Locally content for Charlotte, NC
View Partnering Locally content for Chicago, IL
View Partnering Locally content for Dallas, TX
View Partnering Locally content for Detroit, MI
View Partnering Locally content for Greater Los Angeles, CA
View Partnering Locally content for Greater Washington, D.C.
View Partnering Locally content for Houston, TX
View Partnering Locally content for New York, NY
View Partnering Locally content for Phoenix, AZ
View Partnering Locally content for San Diego, CA
View Partnering Locally content for San Francisco Bay Area, CA
View Partnering Locally content for Seattle, WA
View Partnering Locally content for Silicon Valley, CA
View Partnering Locally content for South Florida, FL
View Partnering Locally content for Asia Pacific
View Partnering Locally content for Europe, Middle East & Africa
View Partnering Locally content for Latin America
Open How we're involved
View Partnering Locally Topic: Arts & Culture
View Partnering Locally Topic: Basic Human Services
View Partnering Locally Topic: Better Money Habits ®
View Partnering Locally Topic: Responsible growth
View Partnering Locally Topic: Investing in women
View Partnering Locally Topic: Global Ambassadors
View Partnering Locally Topic: Global Programs
View Partnering Locally Topic: Hunger Relief
View Partnering Locally Topic: Neighborhood Builders ®
View Partnering Locally Topic: Neighborhood Preservation
View Partnering Locally Topic: Service Members & Veterans
View Partnering Locally Topic: Small Business Support
View Partnering Locally Topic: Student Leaders ®
View Partnering Locally Topic: Supporting People with Disabilities
See all Partnering Locally Topics
Who we are
Our company
Our leadership
Where we are
History & heritage
What guides us
Responsible growth
Making an impact
Our business practices
Our people
Reporting
Partnering locally
See what is happeningnear you
Newsroom
Press releases , link will open in new window
Executive biographies, link will open in new window
Journalist resources, link will open in new window
Awards & recognition, link will open in new window
Investor relations
Financial information , link will open in new window
Investor presentations , link will open in new window
Fixed income information, link will open in new window
Annual reports & proxy statements , link will open in new window
Stock information , link will open in new window
Shareholder services , link will open in new window
Careers
Locations
Contact us
Help
Accessible banking
Privacy
Security
Social community guidelines
Site map
Advertising practices
Advertising practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we not use this information, you can opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.
Connect with us
, link opens in a new window
, link opens in a new window
, link opens in a new window
This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. Download the latest update of Adobe Reader.
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security, financial instrument, or strategy. Before acting on any information in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue. Content contained herein may have been produced by an outside party that is not affiliated with Bank of America or any of its affiliates (Bank of America). Opinions or ideas expressed are not necessarily those of Bank of America nor do they reflect their views or endorsement. These materials are for informational purposes only. Bank of America does not assume liability for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on the information provided. Certain links may direct you away from Bank of America to an unaffiliated site. Bank of America has not been involved in the preparation of the content supplied at the unaffiliated sites and does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for its content. When you visit these sites, you are agreeing to all of their terms of use, including their privacy and security policies. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as “MLPF&S” or “Merrill”) makes available certain investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Trust and fiduciary services are provided by Bank of America Private Bank, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. (“MLLA”), a licensed insurance agency and wholly-owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through MLLA:
Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured byAny Governmental Agency
Are Not a Condition toAny Banking Service or Activity
"Bank of America" is the marketing name for the global banking and global markets business of Bank of America Corporation. Lending, derivatives, and other commercial banking activities are performed globally by banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Securities, strategic advisory, and other investment banking activities are performed globally by investment banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation ("Investment Banking Affiliates"), including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., all of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp. are registered as futures commission merchants with the CFTC and are members of the NFA. Company goals are aspirational and not guarantees or promises that all goals will be met. Statistics and metrics included in our ESG documents are estimates and may be based on assumptions or developing standards. © 2020 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.