https://abovebarchurch.org.uk/privacy-and-cookies
Privacy and Cookies
Information you share with us
The information you share with us can be used for Above Bar Church operational purposes. Above Bar Church is not in the business of selling information about you. This notice tells you what information we collect, steps we take to protect and secure it, how we use and share the information, and finally, how you can contact us with questions or concerns.
Information we gather
Above Bar Church:
Collects personal information when you get in contact with us and when you post content on the media platforms.
May combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or others.
May also collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners. This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you such as your credit card number, or gift aid declarations.
Uses Google Analytics to analyse how visitors to our website use it and so that we can make it useful and relevant. You can read a separate privacy policy for Google Analytics on their website »
Uses information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact and research.
May gather information that you tell us about yourself for our membership or pastoral records, we will do this in line with our Data Protection Policy.
Will process personal data relating to those who work or volunteer within Above Bar Church as appropriate in line with Data Protection legislation. This is for safer recruitment purposes and to assist in the running of the church and/or to enable individuals to be paid. This personal data includes identifiers such as names and National Insurance numbers and sensitive personal data such as criminal records, employment contracts and remuneration details, qualifications and absence information. For roles where it is appropriate we will require individuals to apply for a DBS disclosure. Once complete we will store the details in line with the Above Bar Church Data Protection policy.
Information use, sharing and disclosure
Above Bar Church does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of the Service or this web site with others except as described in this policy. We do not share your information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Above Bar Church may use or share your personal information where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction, to operate or improve Above Bar Church and related products and services, to do something that you have asked us to do, or tell you of products and services that we think may be of interest.
Where you are contacted with an offer or service based on information you have shared with abovebarchurch.org.uk (and associated sub-domains), we will do our best to provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving such further communications at the time you are contacted.
When you post a message, your abovebarchurch.org.uk alias that you are posting under may be visible to other users.
When you post a message on the Site, you have the ability to post a message which may include personally identifiable information about you.
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Above Bar Church does or may share personally identifiable information about you under the following circumstances:
In the course of operating it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your personal information to others such as our service providers, contractors and select vendors so that we can operate the Service.
We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Above Bar Church terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
If there is ever a change to how Above Bar Church uses or intends to use personal information, we will post that change to this policy.
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Generally speaking, cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using this website:
First party cookies
These are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
NamePurposeTypical ContentExpires
ci_session
Authentication session to preserve any sign ins and other changes you might have made during your visit to this site.
Hashed (encrypted) data referring to your unique visit. No personal information unless signed in.
On exit
cookie_notice
Used to supress the cookie notice once the user opts to hide it
“Yes”
31 days, updated with each visit
prefixed with
X-Mapping-
Set by our webserver to manage content delivery on cloud based servers
Information about which server is providing content to the user
On exit
Third party cookies
These are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site. For example, Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
ProviderNamePurposeMore Info.
Google Analytics
Multiple cookies prefixed with __utm
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. It is not possible to identify an individual visitor.
Google Privacy policy
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, PREF
YouTube embedded video.
Google Policies and Principles
Vimeo
Multiple cookies prefixed with __utm and with domain .player.vimeo.com
Vimeo embedded video.
Vimeo Privacy policy
AddThis
__atuv
AddThis.com social sharing plugin. This cookie is read by AddThis.com’s JavaScript on the user’s computer to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis.
AddThis Privacy policy
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites, because we think you’ll find them interesting. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should remember that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Photography
Above Bar Church has a Photography Policy for the collection, storage and use of official photographs across its communications platforms. If you would like to opt out of being in Above Bar Church photos please request a form from office@abovebarchurch.org.uk
We take no responsibility for photographs taken by other individuals whilst on Above Bar Church property.
Confidentiality and security
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make efforts to ensure security on our systems.
We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
In certain areas, Above Bar Church may use SSL encryption to protect data transmissions. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. If Above Bar Church learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this site. Above Bar Church may post a notice on our web site if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser enabling you to view the abovebarchurch.org.uk web site. Above Bar Church may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
More information and contacting Above Bar Church
If you have a privacy concern regarding Above Bar Church, or this policy, and if you cannot satisfactorily resolve it through the use of this web site, you should contact the office by sending an email to office@abovebarchurch.org.uk
In the event that we are still unable to resolve your concerns Above Bar Church is committed to cooperating to achieve a proper resolution of your privacy concerns. If you would like to make a complaint, please contact the Head of Operations by sending an email to: benthomas@abovebarchurch.org.uk
Should you wish to see the full Above Bar Church Data Protection Policy, please contact the church office – office@abovebarchurch.org.uk – and we will review your request.
If you object to any sharing of your personal information that may be permitted under this policy, you may do so by writing us at the above address. We will take reasonable steps to accommodate your requests as they relate to our advertising practices. In some instances, honouring your requests may interfere with or impede your ability to use the Service or may require us to terminate our relationship with you.
Share
Search
Search
Go
Location
Contact
Calendar
City
East
About
About
Vision and values
What do we believe?
Statement of faith
People
Prayer
Exploring Christianity?
Pastoral care
Job vacancies
Formation School
Transform
Community
Outreach
Outreach
Christians Against Poverty
English Language Café
Sent Mission Partners
Short-term mission
World mission
Big Breakfast
Basics Bank
Giving
Giving
How to give
Refresh Project
Refresh
Refreshing Our Vision
Blessed to be a Blessing
Backing the Vision
Shaping Our Giving
Ways to Give
Pray
Upcoming Refresh Events
FAQ
Resources
Resources
Sermons and talks
Blog
YouTube »
Live video
Covid Secure Services
Real Lives Online
Christmas
Live
This site makes some use of cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here ×