https://acc.tv/privacy/
Skip to content
ACCTV Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Statement
www.acc.tv (‘website’) is operated by The Australian Christian Channel Pty Ltd ACN 083 027 276 (‘ACCTV’), an Australian registered company (‘ACCTV’, ‘we’, ‘our’, ‘us’).
This privacy policy sets out our policies relating to the collection and use of your Personal Information while you use acc.tv. We may vary this policy from time to time.
ACCTV is committed to protecting privacy. We understand that visitors and users of our website and shop are concerned about their privacy, and the confidentiality and security of any Personal Information that is provided. We will only disclose Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (or other applicable law), the Australian Privacy Principles, our terms and conditions of use, and this privacy policy. If there is any inconsistency, the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (or other applicable law) will prevail to the extent of any inconsistency.
2. Personal Information Collected By ACCTV
Upon your registration with us we collect information about you in order to provide you with access to resources available through the Website. We collect non-identifying information as well as personal information from you directly when you first register and also from time to time thereafter if you provide us with additional information.
Personal information is information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained from that information. Personal Information which we may collect includes, without limitation:
your full name
Other information collected by us, which may or may not be considered to be Personal Information includes, without limitation:
your email address;
your age;
your geographic location
Sensitive Information which may be collected by us includes, without limitation:
your racial or ethnic origin;
your religious beliefs or affiliations;
your philosophical beliefs
and is only collected if you elect to provide that information to us.
Whenever users visit the Website, our servers automatically record information for statistical purposes about your usage of the Website such as:
the type of browser used;
the referring URL;
the IP address;
the number and type of pages viewed;
the date and time of visits; and
the exit URL.
This information we collect is not Personal Information and, in any event, remains anonymous. We do not link the anonymous information to any other Personal Information unless you have either registered or logged in at the time of use. Accordingly, if you have not identified yourself on the Website, such as by registering or logging in, we will not link a record of your usage of our Website to you personally.
This personal information is collected in a variety of ways, such as by email, internet access, and by use of its products and services.
3. Use Of Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, including Google Analytics and Google advertising, we use ‘cookies’ to collect information. You can choose to opt out by instructing your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of the ACCTV website.
4. Purposes For Which ACCTV Collects, Holds, Uses and Discloses Personal Information
We use an individual’s personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, or a purpose related to the purpose for which it was collected, and otherwise for internal management and related purposes, which include:
to improve the ACCTV products, services and user experience;
to provide a product or service you have requested; and
to provide technical support to you to use ACCTV products and services.
ACCTV automatically gathers information to monitor the use of its digital products and services. Most of the data we collected is aggregated, and this information is effectively anonymous to us.
Sometimes you will be asked to confirm that you agree to a particular activity or the collection of your personal information for a specific purpose. Though ACCTV usually collects aggregate data, we will make it clear to you if any information is being collected in a way that could personally identify you.
We may disclose personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, and for purposes related to the purposes for which it was collected including:
to external service providers so that they can provide financial, administrative or other services in connection with the operation of our business;
as permitted under privacy laws; and
with the individual’s consent or if the individual would reasonably expect that their information would be passed to the person to whom the personal information is disclosed.
Where practical to do so and permitted by law, you have the option of not identifying yourself or using a pseudonym, when dealing with ACCTV in relation to a particular matter.
5. Personal Information Held By ACCTV
We take reasonable steps to protect all personal information which we hold (including your personal information) from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We take reasonable steps to hold personal information securely in electronic or physical form.
These steps include password protection for electronic files, securing paper files in locked cabinets and physical access restrictions.
When no longer required, personal information is destroyed in a secure manner or deleted.
We also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up-to-date and complete. These steps include maintaining and updating personal information when we are advised by individuals that their personal information has changed.
6. Disclosure Of Personal Information To Overseas Recipients
ACCTV may disclose personal information to outsourced information technology service providers, including cloud computing providers and data storage providers, based overseas primarily located in the UK and USA.
ACCTV will take reasonable steps to ensure such overseas recipients do not breach the APPs or are subject to laws or a scheme substantially similar to the APPs.
7. Disclosure of Information Via Other Platforms or Services
Some ACCTV services may be integrated with external services, including social media networks. This may mean that information, for instance about your interests and activities, is tracked or pulled from other places (such as Facebook). If you are signed in to a ACCTV service which is integrated with other media tools, this information may be available to others depending on the privacy settings you have in place on other platforms.
ACCTV may use Google Analytics to track your usage of the ACCTV site. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilises the data collected to track and examine the use of www.acc.tv, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. Personal data collected by Google includes Cookie and usage data, which is processed in the USA.
You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use, including through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI’s consumer opt-out). Also look for Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web.
For more information find Google’s privacy policy here: https://www.google.com.au/policies/privacy/.
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
ACCTV has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. Your ability to opt-out of a third party tool or platform will depend on the conditions governing your agreement with that third party.
8. How To Access Personal Information About You
If you are an individual who has provided personal information to ACCTV, you may request access at any time to personal information we hold about you. Certain information will be able to be accessed via your user profile created upon registration and available through the Website. You may also request access by emailing the Privacy Officer using the contact details provided in section 10.
Depending upon the personal information you seek to access, you may be asked:
to put your request in writing to verify your identity; and/or
to provide further details to assist ACCTV in responding to your request in a timely manner.
We will respond to a request for access to personal information within a reasonable period after the request is made.
You may also request a correction be made to personal information about you held by ACCTV by contacting the Privacy Officer using the contact details provided in section 10.
You may also request a copy of this Privacy Policy from the Privacy Officer.
9. How To Complain About A Breach Of The Apps
If you believe that we have used or disclosed your Personal Information in a manner which is contrary to this policy or otherwise breaches an applicable law, you may make a complaint to the Privacy Officer using the contact details provided in section 10.
Complaints will be dealt with in confidence. Within 30 days of receipt of your complaint we will notify you in writing as to what action we propose to take in relation to your complaint and will provide you with details of what further action you can take if you are not satisfied with our response.
10. Competition Privacy Notice
When you enter our competitions we collect the personal information you provide. If you win one of our competitions we may collect further information from you. We may also be required by gaming and lottery legislation to collect some of your personal information.
If we do not collect some or all of this information, we may not be able to enter you into the competition or provide the prize. We collect this information to enable us to administer the competition and fulfil the prize, and promote and market products and services of ours.
We may also use your personal information to conduct research and plan and develop our product and marketing strategies.
We may disclose your personal information to:
entities who assist us in administering the competition and fulfilling the prize, and other prize suppliers and deliverers;
the authorities responsible for the regulation of gaming and lotteries and other government agencies, where applicable; and
other parties where required by law.
The competition winners’ names will also be published as set out in the terms and conditions and/or required by relevant gaming and lottery legislation.
If you would like to request access to, and correction of, personal information we hold about you, complain about a privacy breach, and how we will deal with a privacy complaint, contact us at privacy@acctv.com.au. To view our full privacy policy, click here.
If you do not wish to receive marketing or research communications from us please contact us at privacy@acctv.com.au.
11. Further Information
For any further information about this policy please contact the Privacy Officer at privacy@acctv.com.au or write to:
The Privacy Officer
Australian Christian Channel Pty Ltd ACN 083 027 276
PO Box 6032, Maroochydore BC, QLD 4558, Australia
[activecampaign]
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok