https://account.iljmail.com/privacy-policy/
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.iljmail.com and all subdomains of iljmail.com (the Site) and ILJ Mail (a division of Christian Web Host, Inc.) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to ILJ Mail include https://www.iljmail.com (plus subdomains account.iljmail.com, webmail.iljmail.com, secure.iljmail.com), and ILJ Mail. By using the ILJ Mail website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
This Privacy Policy is attached to our ILJ Mail Terms of Use and our ILJ Mail Affiliate Agreement by reference.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us; (c) signing up for special offers; (d) sending us a message; (e) submitting information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. We will use your information for communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us, provide support to you, and other communications between our company and you.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through any of ILJ Mail’s public programs such as message boards, chat, email, or any other communication that is not strictly between ILJ Mail and yourself through private email to an official @iljmail.com email address or support ticket, this information may be collected and used by others simply because it’s public.
Your mailbox and the content of all your messages are private.  ILJ Mail does not scan email for data collection, advertisements or ad networks.
Subscriptions: What We Collect and Store
For the purposes of processing recurring subscription payments, we store the customer’s name, billing address, recovery email address, and phone number.  Credit Card information is not stored on our site but is stored with our payment processor.
Use of your Personal Information
ILJ Mail collects and uses your personal information when you provide it to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested and provide support.
ILJ Mail may also use your personally identifiable information to send you periodic service or company announcements as long as you are a customer.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
ILJ Mail does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists or data to third parties.
We use a few well known and secure third party companies to help provide our service to you. These companies are used for email hosting, payment processing, billing software, support tickets, plus analytics. Those third party companies are: Greatmail (email host), Stripe (payments), Automattic (web software), Zendesk (support), and Clicky for analytics.
ILJ Mail may share data with those trusted partners to help perform our basic website functions, provide subscriptions and ways to manage those subscriptions, maintain our affiliate program, create and maintain backups and security, statistical analysis, send you email, or provide customer support. All such third parties have privacy policies in place and in order to provide these services to ILJ Mail, they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
ILJ Mail may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ILJ Mail or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ILJ Mail; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ILJ Mail, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information and Analytics
Information about your computer may be automatically collected by ILJ Mail through analytics programs. This information can include: your anonymized IP address, browser type, ISP, Operating System, access times and referring website addresses, if any. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ILJ Mail website. It is for our viewing purposes only.   We do not use Google Analytics or Facebook tracking or other invasive tracking software.  We are against any tracking that will follow you outside our website. We use Clicky.  A “Unique ID” tracking cookie is used for the legitimate purpose of identifying unique visitors, but otherwise no “personal data” is logged for our analytics program. You can opt out of the analytics tracking by visiting their opt out link in their privacy policy via their website at clicky.com.
Use of Cookies
The ILJ Mail website and affiliate program uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer/device by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with ILJ Mail site or services, a cookie helps ILJ Mail to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same ILJ Mail website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ILJ Mail features that you customized.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
If you clicked a link to get to this website that belonged to an affiliate, that affiliate’s cookie will be placed on your browser so they get awarded for their referral.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies in your web browser. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Please see your particular browser help files for information on how to do that. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ILJ Mail services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.  Just because we link to the website does not indicate our endorsement of all their services or views.
Embedded Content: Articles on our sites may include embedded content from time to time (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Firefox is an excellent browser that now has tracking blocked by default. We highly suggest using Firefox for browsing the internet. There are also browser plugins that allow you to block tracking across websites.
Security of your Personal Information
ILJ Mail secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  You will see this as https:// in front of our domain name or the “lock” symbol in the url bar indicating that it is a secure connection.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information by use of strong login policies, encrypted connections, and keeping our software up to date . Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
How Long We Keep Your Data:
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our websites, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.If you have an account on this site, and would like to have your data erased, you will need to first cancel your account, then request that we erase any data that we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Children Under Thirteen
ILJ Mail does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen and do not encourage the use of this site for anyone under the age of thirteen.
E-mail Communications
Service related information will be relayed to you via email and you can not opt out of important messages about the service or your account.  Optional Communications: from time to time, ILJ Mail may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.  You can sign up for that newsletter at any time and opt out at any time by following the link at the bottom of each email sent out.
Changes to this Statement
ILJ Mail reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you by updating any privacy information on this page and adding a note to the bottom of what those changes were. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
ILJ Mail welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that ILJ Mail has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ILJ Mail at: privacy@iljmail.com
Effective as of January 1, 2019.
Edited November 12, 2019 – changed wording to include information about our third party services that may have access to some information due to needing to process subscriptions and provide service. Also, more information about cookies, embedded content, and personal data was added.
Edited December 14, 2019 – added information about the affiliate program and a link to the affiliate agreement.
Edited January 21, 2020 – added the “Subscriptions: What We Collect and Store” section for clarity.
Edited January 23, 2020 – added information about Clicky and clarified a few sentences in the “Sharing Information with Third Parties” section
Edited February 18, 2020 – moved information about Clicky to the Analytics section and edited for clarification
Edited July 14, 2020 – added Zendesk to the third party companies that we use
Edited July 16, 2020 – added “and to provide support” to the Use of Personal Information section for clarification.