https://account.iljmail.com/terms/
Agreement between User and ILJ Mail
Welcome to ILJ Mail. The website (the “Site” which includes iljmail.com and any subdomain such as webmail.iljmail.com, account.iljmail.com, secure.iljmail.com and billing.iljmail.com) is comprised of various web pages operated by ILJ Mail, a division of Christian Web Host, Inc. (“ILJ Mail”). The Site is offered to you for use conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the “Terms”). Your use of ILJ Mail constitutes your agreement to all such Terms.
Privacy Policy – Your use of ILJ Mail service is subject to ILJ Mail’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices. It is included in our Terms of Use by reference: https://account.iljmail.com/privacy-policy/
Affiliate Agreement – Your use of the affiliate program to gain referrals is automatically governed by this Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and our Affiliate Agreement. All included here by reference.
Electronic Communications
Visiting https://www.iljmail.com or sending emails to ILJ Mail constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that ILJ Mail is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. ILJ Mail and it’s associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion if we feel there is a need to do so.
Email Services Provided
The Email Service includes mailbox accounts, accessible by either or both the IMAP and POP mail protocols, through desktop or mobile mail clients or web-based applications.
The Email Service enables an email account (i.e., email address) to send and receive email. The Email Service enables a User to use features of the mailbox to personalize settings (e.g., auto-responder, mail folders, address book folders, identities, etc.) through a web-based interface.
Each mailbox includes ten (10) gigabytes of email storage per mailbox for email messages.  Mailboxes include Anti-Virus and Anti-Spam filtering, for both inbound and outbound messages sent through the Email Service. Virus filtering may not be able to scan certain email attachments, which are under the direct control of the sender (such as password protected and/or encrypted attachments).
ILJ Mail provides email accounts through a third party hosting service. We use an outside service who has been hosting email for over a decade and has the expertise to upkeep the hardware and software necessary to provide a high quality service. They are strict about privacy and do not scan emails for marketing nor look at emails unless required to do so by law. We did a lot of research to choose a great service for our email accounts and are confident in their ability to keep this service running smoothly.
ILJ Mail will not give, sell, lease, license or rent any email addresses signed up through our service to any third party (unless required by law), to allow such third party to directly market other services or products to Users, without the Customer’s consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
By using the Email Service, you are giving ILJ Mail permission to send you occasional emails including announcements, new offers available, maintenance schedules, and other service related messages we may need to send. Other information such as blog posts, news, another other articles that do not pertain direction to the ILJ Mail service will be available through our blog or you can separately sign up for our monthly email newsletter, if offered.
Children Under Thirteen
ILJ Mail does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen and our service is not directed at persons under the age of thirteen.
Billing
All subscriptions are automatically renewed at the time cycle selected upon registration (monthly or yearly) until customer goes through the cancellation process or the subscription has been cancelled by ILJ Mail for non payment or terms violation.
Cancellation/Refund Policy
All fees paid are considered non-refundable. You may cancel your subscription at any time in your My Account Area by clicking on the Cancel button in the Subscription area. When you cancel, your account and email will be available until the end of your current billing period.   If you wish to resubscribe for the same email address in the future, you may need to contact us to ask us to unlock it.  After 90 days, the email address and all messages contained within will be deleted and will not be recoverable.   We reserve the right to release cancelled email addresses to be used by someone else in the future.  Contact us through our contact form with any questions or requests.
Failure of payment:  ILJ Mail may also cancel/terminate your account for non-payment, which is defined as failure to make a payment within the 30 days after the renewal date.
Termination of Service:  Upon subscription cancellation, you have access to the service until your next renewal date.  After that, your right to use the service ends immediately.  ILJ Mail has no obligation to maintain content in your cancelled account and will not forward any unread or unsent messages.  The cancelled email address will be deleted 90 days after cancellation is final and will not be recoverable.  If you wish to resubscribe for your cancelled email address, you may need to contact support to unlock it.
Security
When personal information is transmitted to our website, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL/TLS) protocol. You will see this as https:// in front of a domain name or the green “lock” in the url bar indicating that it is a secure connection.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information. Unfortunately, due to so many variables, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control.
All ILJ Email customers are responsible for maintaining the security of passwords, access codes, access to their computers, the condition of their computer security by keeping it virus and malware free, and not visiting websites that will compromise their computers or account information. Please use caution and do not submit any information through a website that does not have an https:// extension as it will not be secure. Please use caution using any wifi services that you do not own. In general, please be a good steward of your information and accounts. ILJ Mail can not be held responsible if your account is taken over by someone else due to your lack of security measures over your own devices. Please contact support if you think our account has been hacked. We will have to ask for personally identifiable information that you provided to us when you signed up to be able to give you access.
Although information transmitted to our email servers is stored in operating environments which we believe are within industry standards for security, ILJ Mail customers agree and understand that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. ILJ Mail and their email hosting provider are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet.
Confidentiality
In the normal operation of the email service, email messages are processed electronically, and the content is not reviewed by ILJ Mail or our hosting service personnel. However, both ILJ Mail and our hosting service reserves the right to review and utilize any content of an email or its attachments to ascertain whether or how a breach of this Agreement or violation of applicable policy has occurred.  ILJ Mail may temporarily access user’s account to provide support and troubleshoot account issues. ILJ Mail and it’s third party hosting service may use cookies to store User name, access codes, and application settings to ease site navigation processes.
Virus and Junk Email Scanning
Customer acknowledges that: a) as viruses are frequently created and distributed, the anti-virus component of the Email Service is intended to detect only specific known viruses and some unknown virus behavior patterns. ILJ Mail and it’s third party hosting service does not warrant that the Email Service will detect all viruses present on a User’s computer system, network or email server; PLEASE HAVE A SUFFICIENT CONTENT BACK-UP IN PLACE; and b) purveyors of Bulk Email and Junk Email, are constantly seeking to evade systems designed to block Bulk Email and Junk Email, and you may not wish all Bulk Email and Junk Email to be blocked, and that the Bulk Email and Junk Email component of the Email Service will not detect or block all Bulk Email or Junk Email, and may additionally block email which the User did not wish to have blocked. ILJ Mail and it’s third party hosting service provider does not warrant that the Email Service will block all Bulk Email or Junk Email, or only block Bulk Email and Junk Email.
Not receiving an email you are expecting?  Since the main spam blacklists’ automated systems are constantly trying to figure out what is and what is not email that users have asked for or have given permission to send to them, there may be times when legitimate email could be blocked due to the sender being in a spam blacklist.  We have no control over that scenario.  Sometimes legitimate websites are caught in these blacklists due to false positives in the spam filtering system or they possibly need to change the way they send bulk emails.  It is the responsibility of the email SENDER to check the blacklists to see if they are listed and request to be removed if they want to continue sending email to the services that use the blacklists (which is most email providers).
Advertisements
ILJ Mail does not participate in any advertisement networks and will never sell any of your information to third parties, however it’s possible you could see ads from others if they send them to you through email. By using this service, you understand and agree that ILJ Mail can not control and will not be held responsible for the advertisements or other content that display within your messages that others send you.
Links to and use of Third Party Sites/Third Party Services
ILJ Mail and it’s associated websites may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of ILJ Mail and ILJ Mail is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. ILJ Mail is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by ILJ Mail of the site or any association with its operators. Please contact us if you follow a link we provided and find that a website has changed or become dangerous to visitors so that we can take it off of our site.
Certain services made available via ILJ Mail’s websites are delivered by third party sites and organizations (such as our email hosting provider, our software and analytics provider, and our payment processing gateway). By using any product, service or functionality originating from the websites of ILJ Mail (iljmail.com, account.iljmail.com, webmail.iljmail.com, secure.iljmail.com) you hereby acknowledge and consent that ILJ Mail may share such information and data with the third party with whom ILJ Mail has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of ILJ Mail users and customers.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the ILJ Mail service strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to ILJ Mail that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of ILJ Mail or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. ILJ Mail content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of ILJ Mail and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of ILJ Mail or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of Communication Services
ILJ Mail provides email accounts for communication and email message storage.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using our services, you will not use our email service or any additional Communication Services to: promote hate speech, defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another computer; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded; restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Anti Spam Policy
Bulk Email = An email message sent out to many users.  This can range from a few users to thousands.  If you need to send email to hundreds or thousands, we ask that you use a service specifically for that such as MailChimp.Spam = Unsolicited Bulk Email (messages sent to recipients that did not give permission for you to email them)
Spam is unsolicited email. If they didn’t ask for it or give you permission to send it to them, don’t send it. ILJ Mail adheres to a zero tolerance spam policy and strictly prohibits you from sending unsolicited emails in any form while using the our services. As a US based company, we require that you comply with the CAN-SPAM Act while using the Services. It is your responsibility to know and comply with the anti-spam laws of any country or jurisdiction where you plan to send email messages while using the Services.
ILJ Mail supports permission-based sending. If you send out a message that goes to many users through our service with our domain, you must agree to only use the service to email someone who has clearly given you permission to email them specifically about the subject you’re contacting them about. Every message must include accurate “From,” “Reply-To,” “To,” and routing information, including the originating domain name and email address, that identify the person or business who initiated the email. Every bulk newsletter message must include a one-click unsubscribe link that instantly removes the subscriber from your list. Once they unsubscribe, you can never email them again. Every bulk newsletter message you send using our service must contain a valid physical mailing address where you can receive postal mail.
We suggest using a newsletter service to send out newsletters or any kind of bulk email such as announcements to hundreds of people. Just make sure you have permission from the recipients of your message.  When you send out unsolicited email with our service, it can cause issues for everyone using the service, not just you.
If ILJ Mail determines that you are sending spam using our service and domains, we will immediately terminate your access to ILJ Mail service without refund. In addition, we will fully cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrongdoing related to spam.
If you feel that you have received spam from one of our users, please contact us.
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by ILJ Mail from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the ILJ Mail Content accessed through our websites in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ILJ Mail, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. ILJ Mail reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with ILJ Mail in asserting any available defenses.
Arbitration
In the event the parties are not able to resolve any dispute between them arising out of or concerning these Terms and Conditions, or any provisions hereof, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise at law or in equity for damages or any other relief, then such dispute shall be resolved only by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and administered by the American Arbitration Association, or a similar arbitration service selected by the parties, in a location mutually agreed upon by the parties. The arbitrator’s award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction. In the event that any legal or equitable action, proceeding or arbitration arises out of or concerns these Terms and Conditions, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney’s fees. The parties agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims in regards to these Terms and Conditions or any disputes arising as a result of these Terms and Conditions, whether directly or indirectly, including Tort claims that are a result of these Terms and Conditions. The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The entire dispute, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be determined by the Arbitrator. This arbitration provision shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions.
Class Action Waiver
Any arbitration under these Terms and Conditions will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class/representative/collective actions are not permitted. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT A PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN EACH’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, COLLECTIVE AND/ OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, SUCH AS IN THE FORM OF A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER. Further, unless both you and ILJ Mail agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Liability Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. ILJ MAIL, A DIVISION OF CHRISTIAN WEB HOST, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME.
ILJ MAIL, A DIVISION OF CHRISTIAN WEB HOST, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. ILJ MAIL, A DIVISION OF CHRISTIAN WEB HOST, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ILJ MAIL, A DIVISION OF CHRISTIAN WEB HOST, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ILJ MAIL, A DIVISION OF CHRISTIAN WEB HOST, INC. OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Termination/Access Restriction
ILJ Mail reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof without refund at any time. This may be necessary if we feel that you have violated these terms, shown that you are abusing our services, using the email account for harm to others, or any illegal purposes. We will make effort to notify you at the external email address we have on file if this is needed. Upon cancellation by you or by ILJ Mail, your right to use the Service immediately ceases.  ILJ Mail has no obligation to maintain any content in your cancelled account and will not forward any unread or unsent messages to you or any third party.  The cancelled/terminated email address will be deleted and released 90 days after cancellation is final.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Alabama and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Alabama in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and ILJ Mail as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. ILJ Mail’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of ILJ Mail’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by ILJ Mail with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and ILJ Mail with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and ILJ Mail with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
ILJ Mail reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which the ILJ Mail service is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. ILJ Mail encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
ILJ Mail welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms if you email privacy@iljmail.com
Effective as of January 1, 2019.
Edited May 01, 2019 – changed the domain from iljemail.com to iljmail.com to reflect current use and to further clarify
Edited May 23, 2019 – added the Advertisement section.
Edited September 16, 2019 – took out a third party provider that we no longer use.
Edited November 13, 2019 – took out part of the section on Communication Services since we do not offer message boards or chat systems, edited some wording to help simplify/clarify throughout the document, put in our Spam Policy, and changed the link to our Privacy Policy.
Edited December 14, 2019 – added a link to the affiliate agreement.
Edited February 25, 2020 – added information to the cancellation section and termination section.
Edited August 12, 2020 – clarified the cancellation section and fixed an error in the email service information section.
Edited September 03, 2020 – clarified the spam section a little better