https://achildswish.org/privacy/
Privacy
Our Privacy Policy
A Child’s Wish of Greater New Orleans is committed to protecting your privacy. This statement governs the data collection, processing and usage practices of A Child’s Wish of Greater New Orleans. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Website Collection and Use Practices
We collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, company name, home and/or work address and/or telephone number. We collect and use your personal information to deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from time to time.
In the event that you contact us for customer support through the website, we may also request that you provide additional Information relevant to the support requested by you. Users are under no obligation to provide such information. However, we cannot guarantee that we can provide customer support in the event that relevant information related to the use of our products or services is withheld. We may retain communications relating to customer support, and/or information drawn from such communications, for statistical and/or reference purposes.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We do not share personally identifiable information except as described in this policy.
Links to Other Websites
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from our policy. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Tracking Information
There is information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by us for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Cookies
Our website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
To Unsubscribe
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, request deletion on our site by emailing us at A Child’s Wish of Greater New Orleans via email from our contact us page. We will respond to all access requests within 30 days. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Current News
Mark Your Calendars! Give NOLA Day is June 2, 2020!
The Annual Give NOLA Day Fundraising event has ...
Give NOLA Day Early Donations to Benefit A Child’s Wish of Louisiana
The Annual Give NOLA Day Fundraising event is u...
The Barman’s Fund of Louisiana 7th Anniversary Party benefiting A Child’s Wish
The party will take place on Wednesday, January...
Sponsors
A Child's Wish of Greater New Orleans
608 Clearview Parkway Metairie, Louisiana 70001
(504) 367-9474 (WISH)      Map & Directions
© Copyright 2015 | A Child's Wish of Greater New Orleans | All Rights Reserved
|
Privacy
Created and Maintained by WSI
TOP