https://achonrydiocese.org/privacy-statement/
Menu
Liturgy of The Hours
Weekday Readings
Accord
Sitemap
Menu
Diocese
Welcome
Overview
Diocesan Prayer
Diocesan Webmail
Sitemap
Bishop
BISHOP
Bishop’s Homilies
Ordination Address
Chrism Mass
Memorial Service
Bishop’s Office
Staff and Contact Details
Diocesan Contacts
Personnel
Administration
Bishop and Priests
Permanent Deacons
Religious
Diocesan Centres
Schools
Primary
Post Primary
Website Contact
Parishes
Diocesan Map (Clickable)
Co. Mayo
PLEASE NOTE THAT DURING THE ONGOING RESPONSE TO
COVID-19, MASS TIMES HAVE CHANGED IN MANY PARISHES.
PLEASE CONTACT PARISH FOR UPDATED MASS TIMES.
THANK YOU.
Attymass
Parish Website
Facebook Live
Bohola
Bonniconlon
Carracastle
Parish Webcam
Charlestown
Parish Webcam
Community Website
Foxford
Parish Website
Parish Webcam
Killasser
Kilmovee
Parish Website
Parish Webcam
Parish Bulletin
Kiltimagh
Parish Website
Parish Webcam
Straide
Parish Website
Swinford
Webcam Live (Watch)
Co. Roscommon
PLEASE NOTE THAT DURING THE ONGOING RESPONSE TO
COVID-19, MASS TIMES HAVE CHANGED IN MANY PARISHES.
PLEASE CONTACT PARISH FOR UPDATED MASS TIMES.
THANK YOU.
Ballaghaderreen
Cathedral Webcam
Ballaghaderreen Parish Bulletin
Co. Sligo
PLEASE NOTE THAT DURING THE ONGOING RESPONSE TO
COVID-19, MASS TIMES HAVE CHANGED IN MANY PARISHES.
PLEASE CONTACT PARISH FOR UPDATED MASS TIMES.
THANK YOU.
Achony-Mullinabreena
Parish Website
Ballisodare
Church Webcam
Ballymote
Bunninadden
Coolaney
Parish Webcam
Collooney
Curry
Parish Webcam (YouTube)
Gurteen
Webcam
Keash
Parish Website
Webcam
Tourlestrane
Parish Website
Tubbercurry
Parish Webcams/Websites
Sacraments
Baptism
Marriage
Accord Charlestown
Wedding Readings
Temporary Solemnisers of Marriage
Vocations
Vocations Directors
Information
Diocesan Priesthood
Permanent Diaconate
Safeguarding
Diocesan Contact
Child Safeguarding Statement of the Diocese of Achonry
Safeguarding Handbook
Summary of Response to 2013 Audit Recommendations
Garda e-Vetting
Downloadable Forms
National Board for Safeguarding Children in the Catholic Church
HSE (Childcare) Domestic and Sexual Violence Unit
An Garda Siochána
Review of Safeguarding Practices (NBSCCCI)
Towards Peace
Links
Church Related
Local Media
Mid West Radio
MWR Obituaries
Shannonside FM
Shannonside Obituaries
Ocean FM
Ocean FM Obituaries
Spirit Radio (Religious)
Western People
Privacy Statement
On-Line Donations
Privacy Statement
Who we are:
Diocese of Achonry
Bishop’s House, Ballaghaderreen, Co. Roscommon
T: 094-986 0034
E:webinfo@achonrydiocese.org
The Diocese of Achonry is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement & Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. This Privacy Statement & Privacy Policy is reflective of our compliance with Data Protection legislation in Ireland, to include the European GDPR and the Data Protection Acts 1988-2018.
Our Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer for our Diocese/Parish can be contacted at dpo@elphindiocese.ie.
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights as a Data Subject before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose for which it was gathered.
Processing is carried out using the minimum amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
We will use all reasonable means to avoid Breaches of Data. Where a Data Breach occurs, we will notify the relevant authority and follow their instructed next steps.
Data subject’s rights:
Those affected by this Privacy Statement & Privacy Policy have the following rights:
Right to access: the right to request, access and copy of the personal information that we hold on you. We may charge a reasonable fee for 2 or more personal data requests. A single copy of personal data will be charged at no cost. Any access requests will need to be requested in writing or email. Evidence of identification will be required as this makes sure that the personal information is not given to the wrong person. Information will be sent within 1 month of receipt of the written request.
Right to rectification: the right to have personal data rectified if it’s incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten: the right to withdraw consent given to process data and the right to request that we delete personal data from our System (subject to compliance with any legal obligations or unless the data is required for any legal claims).
The right to object how we use the personal data received (e.g. marketing purposes).
How we process your Personal Data
We will only process your Personal Data in line with the services provided on our website. This information may include your name, address, email address, phone number, etc. as provided by you for the provision of a service, e.g.:
Signing up for a newsletter or event
Signing up for volunteer or fundraising activities
Signing up / making contact in relation to upcoming Pilgrimages
Contacting us with a query in relation to information posted on our website
Any data processed on our behalf by contracted third party service providers, e.g. for the purpose of enhancing the services we provide to you will be bound by the same privacy standards. We will not disclose Personal Data to any other third parties unless we have consent to do so.
We will disclose Personal Data if it is believed in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
You can choose to opt out of receiving information from us at any time by contacting webinfo@achonrydiocese.org
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. The Diocese of Achonry website uses cookies to improve navigation and to enable traffic monitoring. Non-registered visitors of the site may be sent anonymous cookies to keep track of their browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile.
Whilst you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our web site or to access many of our services, you must have cookies enabled if you wish to access any areas reserved for registered users. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser. As described above this will restrict the services you can use on our website.
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact:
Data Protection Commission,
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
+353 578 684 800, +353 761 104 800.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement & Privacy Policy.
Last update published July 2019.
Switch to mobile version
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy