http://active-stream.com/site/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
ACTIVE-STREAM.COM ("We"/"this Website") collects and maintains certain information (including e-mail addresses, names, mailing address, phone numbers, IP addresses, browser information, etc.) on its websites and forms. We use your personal information to deliver our online products and services to you.
We are dedicated to protecting personal information and will make reasonable effort to handle collected information appropriately. We do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties. However, there may be times when we may be required to disclose your personal information without your express consent; for example, when required to do so by law.
ACTIVE-STREAM.COM and its partners use data collection devices such as "cookies"
on certain pages of this Website.
Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services.
We use cookies and similar technologies for purposes such as:
Maintaining sessions to prevent unauthorized access
Preventing spam
Analyzing site traffic and trends in which the data is anonymized
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this Website, so please check it frequently. If we make material changes to this Policy, all amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on this Website. By using this Website, you signify your assent to the terms and conditions contained herein (as amended from time to time). If you do not agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website.
If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Website in conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or guardians, and with express permission from ACTIVE-STREAM.COM. We ask that children do not submit any personal information.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us.
Revised: 6/24/2020