http://acws.ca/terms-and-conditions/
News
Donate
Search
Search Button
Quick Exit
Get Help
Find a shelter
Who Is ACWSSupport ACWS
Quick Exit
News
Donate
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the Canada and other copyright laws, and is the property of the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters. Any materials contained on the site that have been produced and are owned by others will include the ownership detail. It is up to the user to obtain permission to use these materials from their respective owners.
The collective work of this website outside any resources owned by others, includes works that are licensed to the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters Copyright 2012. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site and it’s resources that are owned by ACWS for the purpose of educating and helping others, not for remuneration.
Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site without advance permission by Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters.
This permission excludes instances where users take excerpts of information from ACWS resources and republish them out of context as to misconstrue meaning to promote their own conflicting political agenda.
All content of ACWS are protected by the Copyright Laws of Canada. All offenses are punished under the Department of Justice on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both, or on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding one million dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to both (source Department of Justice Canada).
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
Be aware that there may have been subsequent changes which make the information outdated at the time you are accessing it. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters will not be responsible for any loss arising from reliance on this information.
Limitation of Liability
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the individual’s experience attending any events, even if the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that an Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters event or product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed or events registered for products listed at the incorrect price. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders or registrations whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. Please contact our office via the “Contact Us” link on our website to arrange this.
Term and Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Canada, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to ) shall be in Federal Court of Canada. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to ) must be commenced within six (6) months after the claim or cause of action arises. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters’ failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, post, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters in its sole discretion.
Participation Disclaimer
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters is a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site.
We provide links to other sites from this website for your convenience. We do not endorse these sites and they are not under the authority of the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters. We are not responsible for the information these linked sites provide or for the use you make of them. Some sites charge a fee for use. If you use these sites, you will be responsible for any fees charged. Any opinions and views expressed on other sites do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters or our members.
The information on this website is provided for your personal or educational use only. It is not legal or accounting advice. If you have a legal or accounting problem, you should consult a lawyer or accounting professional. ACWS is not a direct-service agency. We are unable to provide support or referral to people who are looking for help. Please contact a shelter through the Shelter Directory section of our website to connect to a qualified professional who will evaluate your unique circumstances.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters its officers, directors, employees, agents, members, volunteers, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Payment Methods
All funds are taken in CND. Payment Methods: VISA MasterCard. Some of our events allow payment by cheque in advance. Please contact us to arrange this if need be.
Refund Policy
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters will make best efforts to accommodate reasonable requests for refunds in excess of 15 days prior to an event, or before a product has entered the shipping process. Please contact our office using the link under “Contact Us” on our website to request a refund.
No refunds will be issued 15 days prior to an event or less as we are required to confirm attendance with the venue at this point and have a financial obligation for your registration.