http://acws.ca/privacy-policy/
News
Donate
Search
Search Button
Quick Exit
Get Help
Find a shelter
Who Is ACWSSupport ACWS
Quick Exit
News
Donate
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, donate, enter a contest, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, register for an event, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like many websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the do we use cookies section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, donate, enter a contest, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, register for an event, or participate in another site features in the following ways:
If applicable, to issue you a receipt that adheres to Canadian Revenue Agency Guidelines.
To potentially personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better serve you in responding to customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, or be on one of our mailing lists, we may send you periodic e-mails.
If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below.
If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
The exception to this are individuals on our original data base that we have transferred to the new data base in 2013. We cannot guarantee that those on the original e-mail lists opted in at the time. The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters is making best efforts to update all the original contact records as soon as possible.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required under contract to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. It does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information (e.g. demographical) may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Accuracy
The Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters endeavors to ensure that any Personal Information collected by the website and in our possession is as accurate, current and complete as necessary for the purposes for which we use that data.
An individual who believes any Personal Information concerning that individual is not correct may request an update of the information. We reserve the right not to change any Personal Information but will append any alternative text the individual concerned believes appropriate. An individual may also request that we delete their Personal Information from our system and records. Note that due to technical constraints Personal Information may continue to reside in our systems, after reasonable efforts to delete it have been made.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, you can find a unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email or by contacting our office via the “Contact Us” link on our website. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
If the unsubscribe link does not work because a month has lapsed and you are still receiving e-mails, please contact our office through “contact us” on the site.
Third party links & resources
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we often include third party links and resources on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link no longer works).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 2, 2013.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. Your consent by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.