http://adirondackcouncil.org/page/privacy-policy-8.html
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestYoutube
Email Sign-Up
|
TAKE ACTION
DONATE
Menu
About Us
Our Values
Accomplishments
Financials
Staff
Board
Career Opportunities »
Vice President for Conservation
Senior Conservation Associate
Clarence Petty Internship Program
Our Work
Wilderness
Communities
Water & Air
Farms & Forests
Leadership & Government
VISION 2050
Essex Farm Institute
News
Press Releases
In the News
Blog
Resources
Publications
The Adirondack Park
Forest Preserve and Private Land
Climate Change
Acid Rain
Mercury
Water Quality
Overuse in the Adirondack Park
Leave No Trace
Environmental Protection Fund
Opportunities for Public Comment in the Adirondacks
Adirondack & Environmental Activities for Kids
Shop
Events
About Us
Our Values
Accomplishments
Financials
Staff
Board
Career Opportunities
Clarence Petty Internship Program
Privacy Policy
Website
Adirondack Council is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. This information will not be sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Adirondack Council collects information from site visitors at several different points on this website.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address, of visitors to our Web site, aggregate information on what pages visitors access, information volunteered by the visitor (such as survey information, e-mail and other addresses), and other personal information.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, and alert visitors about issues and opportunities. The information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. All personal information is stored on a secure server with password protection.
Donor Privacy Policy
Adirondack Council will never share donor giving information with other organizations. However, like many other groups, Adirondack Council may exchange its donor mailing list with like-minded organizations and list some donor names in our Annual Report, and some donors are required to be identified in public filings we make with the Internal Revenue Service and government agencies that regulate charitable organizations. All mailings requesting support include an opt out option by means of a check box. Donors that would be listed in the Annual report are also given the option of making their donation anonymously.
If you wish to opt out of having your name and address shared with other organizations or wish your contributions to be anonymous you can also, call, email, or write to us at the address below.
Financial Transactions
To process a charitable contribution or product purchase, it is necessary for Adirondack Council to gather the visitor's name, email address, mailing address, phone, and credit card information. This data is used to verify identity and execute the financial transaction. Additionally, phone number and email address information may be used to contact visitors if there is a problem with the transaction.
Adirondack Council may use service providers (such as merchant banks and ecommerce integrators) for the express purpose of conducting financial transactions. Personal information is kept private and secure and is not sold, rented, or traded to third parties. It is important to note that credit card numbers are used only at the time of the transaction, and are not stored following the conclusion of the transaction unless a transaction is selected that occurs on a regular basis. For transactions that recur, credit card information is stored in an encrypted format.
Electronic Newsletter
If a site visitor chooses to subscribe to any of our electronic newsletters through the sign-up forms on our site or while making a donation, Adirondack Council requests contact information such as name and email address.
Links
Adirondack Council provides links to other web sites.Adirondack Council is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Site visitors are encouraged to be aware when they leave
www.AdirondackCouncil.org and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.AdirondackCouncil.org
Changes to this policy
Adirondack Council reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this web site. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Contact Us
For questions:
Regarding this policy statement,
the practices of this site,
if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy,
or to review or request changes to your contact information, you may contact us at the address below.
P.O. Box D-2, 103 Hand Ave. #3Elizabethtown, NY 12932info@AdirondackCouncil.org 518.873.2240
Social Media and Web Comment Policy
Posted comments and images do not necessarily represent the views of the Adirondack Council. External links on this site do not constitute official endorsement on behalf of the Adirondack Council.
Our goal is to share ideas and information with as many individuals as possible and our policy is to accept the majority of comments made to our profile.  While we encourage fans to share thoughts and opinions on the Adirondack Council Facebook page, we expect that this will be done in a respectful manner.
Therefore, a comment will be deleted if it contains:
Hate speech
Profanity, obscenity, vulgarity, or nudity
Name calling, personal attacks, OR SHOUTING (all caps)
Advertising, Spam, or copyright infringement
Other comments that TAC Social Media team deems inappropriate.
Persistent misrepresentation of our content. While we welcome criticism and feedback, personal attacks on our authors or continual and repeated criticism of our content will be removed
False, misleading or deceptive content
Completely off topic or repetitive content
Linking to unrelated personal blogs or websites. Links to other news stories or websites relevant to the discussion will be allowed
Users who breach this policy, or the Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Disqus and LinkedIn Community Guidelines may be blocked.
Email Sign-Up
Email:
Tweets by @adk_council
Find us on Facebook
19-20 Accomplishments
Achieved with partners, grassroots advocacy, and YOUR support!
Become a Monthly Giver
Sustain our daily advocacy work for the Adirondacks!
Sign the Petition
Protect the Adirondacks from the threat of global climate change!
Your donation goes directly to help fund initiatives within the Adirondack Park.   DONATE NOW
ABOUT US
Our ValuesFinancialsStaffBoard
OUR WORK
Accomplishments
Wilderness
Communities
Air & Water
Farms & Forests
Leadership & Government
NEWS
Press Releases
In the News
RESOURCES
Publications
The Adirondack Park
Climate Change
Acid Rain
Mercury
WAYS TO GIVE
Donate Now
Become a Member
Monthly Giving
Tribute Gift
Gift of Securities
Planned Giving
BLOG
In and About the Park
Shop | Events | Email Signup | Contact Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Photo Credits | Charitable Solicitation Disclosures
The Adirondack Council is 501 (c)(3) not-for-profit organization. Federal Tax ID - 14-1594386
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestYoutube
Copyright © 2020 Adirondack Council. All Rights Reserved.
Website Development and VSite Content Management by: ES11
Main Office
103 Hand Ave - Suite 3
PO Box D-2
Elizabethtown, NY 12932
518-873-2240
info@adirondackcouncil.org
Albany Office
342 Hamilton Street
First Floor
Albany, NY 12210
518-432-1770