https://adlerandmanson.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home About Us
James F Adler William G. Manson
Practice Areas
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Bar Liability Bicycle & Pedestrian Accidents Boating Accidents Bus Accidents Car Accidents
Construction Zone Accidents Uninsured & Underinsured Accidents T-Bone Car Accidents Drunk Driving Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents Truck Accidents
Personal Injury
Back Injuries Brain and Head Injuries Defective Drugs Defective Medical Devices
Pelvic Mesh
Defective Products Child Injuries Catastrophic Injuries Swimming Pool Accidents Wrongful Death
Workers’ Compensation
Missouri Workers’ Compensation Process Permanent Total Disability Permanent Partial Disability Third-Party Claims Construction Accidents Ladder Accidents Scaffold Accidents Falling Objects Toxic Accidents Occupational Diseases
Blog Videos FAQ Testimonials Why Hire Us Contact Us
Call 816.333.0400 for a free consultation with Kansas City and Missouri Attorneys with extensive experience handling personal injury cases.
$16.5M judgment obtained for client in auto accident Our Kansas City personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. Why Hire Us? Serious Injuries Superb Results Satisified Clients Our Kansas City personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. REQUEST A FREE CONSULTATION INQUIRE ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF REDUCED FEES We are pleased to offer 25% reduced fees in certain circumstances. Contact our Kansas City Law firm to inquire if your car accident or workman's compensation case applies. REQUEST A FREE CONSULTATION PERSONAL INJURY LAWYERS PROTECTING CAR ACCIDENT VICTIMS Our Kansas City personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. Why Hire Us? SERVING THE PEOPLE OF MISSOURI AND KANSAS SINCE 1995“As with most auto accident victims, I was shaken and unsure of what my rights were. Jim Adler took the time to answer all of my questions.” – P.R., Kansas City, MissouriVIEW OUR TESTIMONIALS Get Top Rated Attorney for your Car / Auto Accident! Our Kansas City car and auto accident lawyers have been rated by the Martindale-Hubble with the highest possible peer ratings. Why Hire Us?
PRIVACY POLICY We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Adler & Manson, may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our Web site, www.adlerandmanson.info, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. INFORMATION COLLECTION We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed. Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication. We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. INFORMATION USE We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support. SECURITY We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. COOKIES We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. SHARING We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing. We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. LINKS This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. SURVEYS & CONTESTS From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. CONSENT By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 816.333.0400 or via mail Attn: Privacy Policy, 9233 Ward Parkway, Suite 240, Kansas City, MO 64114.
WE CAN REVIEW YOUR CASE AT NO CHARGEIn addition to free consultations, we accept cases on a contingency fee basis. This means you owe us nothing unless we recover for you. Fill out the form below to get started.NameE-mailPhoneDropdownAre you a new client?Yes, I am a potential new client.No, I am a existing client.I'm neither.Comment or Message *WebsiteSend Information
A portion of all income goesto charitable causes.
Adler & Manson Kansas City / Missouri Personal Injury Attorneys 9233 Ward Parkway, Suite 240 Kansas City, MO 64114 View Map Call Today 816.333.0400 or 816.898.8530 (For Work Comp Only) Website: https://adlerandmanson.com Privacy Policy
Call Today!816.333.0400 816.898.8530(For Work Comp Only)
Menu
Our Practice Areas Why Hire Us Client Testimonials Read our FAQ Get a Free Case Evaluation
Home
Call Today Practice Areas Videos Why Hire Us Client Testimonials James F Adler William G. Manson
Location
Contact Us
Close The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. Missouri Car Accident Attorneys - Adler and Manson » Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok