https://adoptionart.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerAbout AAAA
News
Events
Join
Our Sponsors
Publications
History
Leadership
Awards
Governing Documents
Contact
Find An Attorney
Attorney Directory
Why You Need an Attorney
Selecting an Attorney in Adoption Matters
Selecting an Attorney in ART Matters
Adoption
Birth/Expectant Parents
Adoptive Parents
Adoption Professionals
Assisted Reproduction (ART)
Intended Parents
Surrogates
Donors
ART Professionals
Medical Professionals
Charitable Trust
Governance
Donate
Charitable Trust News
Apply for a Grant
Families We Are Helping
FAQs
Fellows Only
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.adoptionART.org and Academy of Adoption & Assisted Reproduction Attorneys and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Academy of Adoption & Assisted Reproduction Attorneys include www.adoptionART.org, AAAA and Family Formation Charitable Trust. The AAAA website is an Educational and Professional site. By using the AAAA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for a webinar or conference through or on our site; (b) accessing one of our partners, sponsors or exhibitors through our site; (c) using a link on our site to access information from another source; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when registering for conferences or other services on our Site; (e) using our Member Directory. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
AAAA does not sell, rent or lease data collected on our site to third parties.
AAAA may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AAAA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
AAAA may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AAAA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AAAA; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AAAA, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by AAAA. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AAAA website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
AAAA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. AAAA uses the following methods for this purpose:
-          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
AAAA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Changes to this Statement
AAAA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
AAAA welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AAAA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AAAA at:
Academy of Adoption & Assisted Reproduction Attorneys
859 Riverside Drive #11
Greenwood, Indiana 46142
Email Address:
info@adoptionART.org
Telephone number:
3174078422
Effective as of May 08, 2018
About AAAA
News
Events
Annual Conference
Mid-Year Conference
Mid-Year Conference Materials (Password Required)
Webinars
Join
Our Sponsors
Publications
Resolutions
White Papers
Amicus Briefs
History
Leadership
Meet Our Officers
Meet Our Trustees
Past AAAA Presidents
Awards
Governing Documents
Ethics Code
Bylaws
Grievance Procedures
Contact
FooterAAAA Mission
The Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA) is a credentialed organization dedicated to the competent and ethical practice of adoption and assisted reproduction law. It advocates for laws and policies to protect the best interests of children, the legal status of families formed through adoption and assisted reproduction, and the rights of all interested parties.
Contact Info
Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA)
859 Riverside Drive, #11
Greenwood, IN 46142
T (317) 407-8422
Info@adoptionART.org
Quick Links
AAAA Directory
Why You Need an Attorney
Adoption
Assisted Reproduction (ART)
Join AAAA
Governing Documents
DISCLAIMER: The Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA) website is designed for general information only. Nothing on this website establishes an attorney-client relationship with AAAA or any of its member-attorneys. Nor does AAAA’s website content constitute legal advice from AAAA or its member-attorneys to the reader or the public.  The law constantly changes and varies state-to-state.  Before relying on any general legal information contained herein, please consult legal counsel in your state of residence as to your particular situation. Click here for the AAAA Attorney Directory. The names and contact information included on this site are for the purpose of searching for an attorney for a particular legal case. The contact information may not be used for commercial, promotional, or advertising purposes.
© 2018 Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys. All Rights Reserved.  Site Map | Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic. By continuing to the AAAA website, you consent to our data practices as set out in our Privacy Policy.OkPrivacy Policy