https://adoptionart.org/charitable-trust/families-we-are-helping/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerAbout AAAA
News
Events
Join
Our Sponsors
Publications
History
Leadership
Awards
Governing Documents
Contact
Find An Attorney
Attorney Directory
Why You Need an Attorney
Selecting an Attorney in Adoption Matters
Selecting an Attorney in ART Matters
Adoption
Birth/Expectant Parents
Adoptive Parents
Adoption Professionals
Assisted Reproduction (ART)
Intended Parents
Surrogates
Donors
ART Professionals
Medical Professionals
Charitable Trust
Governance
Donate
Charitable Trust News
Apply for a Grant
Families We Are Helping
FAQs
Fellows Only
Home > Charitable Trust > Families We Are Helping
Families We Are Helping
Please check back soon for more information.
Charitable Trust
Governance
Donate
Charitable Trust News
Apply for a Grant
Families We Are Helping
FAQs
FooterAAAA Mission
The Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA) is a credentialed organization dedicated to the competent and ethical practice of adoption and assisted reproduction law. It advocates for laws and policies to protect the best interests of children, the legal status of families formed through adoption and assisted reproduction, and the rights of all interested parties.
Contact Info
Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA)
859 Riverside Drive, #11
Greenwood, IN 46142
T (317) 407-8422
Info@adoptionART.org
Quick Links
AAAA Directory
Why You Need an Attorney
Adoption
Assisted Reproduction (ART)
Join AAAA
Governing Documents
DISCLAIMER: The Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys (AAAA) website is designed for general information only. Nothing on this website establishes an attorney-client relationship with AAAA or any of its member-attorneys. Nor does AAAA’s website content constitute legal advice from AAAA or its member-attorneys to the reader or the public.  The law constantly changes and varies state-to-state.  Before relying on any general legal information contained herein, please consult legal counsel in your state of residence as to your particular situation. Click here for the AAAA Attorney Directory. The names and contact information included on this site are for the purpose of searching for an attorney for a particular legal case. The contact information may not be used for commercial, promotional, or advertising purposes.
© 2018 Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproduction Attorneys. All Rights Reserved.  Site Map | Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic. By continuing to the AAAA website, you consent to our data practices as set out in our Privacy Policy.OkPrivacy Policy