https://adra.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how ADRA-UK uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
ADRA-UK is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
ADRA-UK may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.
Overview
– We are storing your personal details securely on Donorfy; – Our data is held within the EEA;– We only hold your information for as long as necessary; – You are in control of your information and can always ask us to stop using it; – We will only contact you in the ways that you wish and you can talk to us about that;
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
– your name– contact details including email address– demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests– other information relevant to the services we provide through our website (see below)
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, including the following reasons:
– to respond to requests for resources– to process payments, donations and ADRA shop purchases– for internal record keeping– to provide information which will improve the service we offer to supporters and other users of our website– to enable us to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may provide your personal information to third party suppliers in order for them to provide you with a service on ADRA-UK’s behalf, such as processing a donation or sending you supplies, but this data would not be retained or used for any other purpose.
Please contact us if you wish to request details of the personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Data Protection Act 2018, or if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or identify you when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Our website uses several types of cookies:
– PHP Session ID cookie. This is used to anonymously identify each unique user of the website, and is used by the server to provide a continuous service. It expires when the browser is closed.– Traffic log and Google Analytics cookies. These provide anonymous statistics on website usage and identify which pages are being used and which resources are being downloaded. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to the needs of users. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over content or usage of your data on other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any further questions!
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Cookie
Description
Duration
Type
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
2 years
Analytics
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.
1 day
Analytics
_gat_gtag_UA_176924171_1
Google uses this cookie to distinguish users.
1 minute
Analytics
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes