https://adra.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Term and Conditions
ADRA-UK is a Registered Charity in England and Wales (1074937), Scotland (SCO37726) and Isle one Man (IOM1101). We operate the website www.adra.org.uk (the Website). These are the Terms and Conditions which govern each use you make of the donation payment services provided through the Website. These Terms and Conditions apply separately to each single donation that you make. Except as provided for in section 6, ‘Regular Donations’, and unless specified by you, they do not form a contract allowing for future or successive transactions to be set up. By confirming on the Website that you wish to make a donation you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions for that donation.
1. The Donation Services
We will use your donation at our discretion but within our stated charitable objectives.
All donations through the Website are to be made by payment card. We also accept donations by cheque. Cheques can be made payable to ADRA-UK and sent to Stanborough Park, Watford, WD25 9JZ. Please note that we do not accept donations by cash.
Once you confirm to us through the Website that you wish to proceed with your donation your transaction will be processed through our payment services provider, Stripe. By confirming that you wish to proceed with your donation you authorise Stripe to request funds from your credit or debit card provider. Stripe will only process your donation in pounds sterling.
2. Gift Aid
When you donate to us through our Website and confirm that you are a UK taxpayer in accordance with the requirements of the Gift Aid scheme as they apply from time to time, we can reclaim Gift Aid. It is your responsibility to ascertain whether you qualify for Gift Aid entitlement. If you have any doubts about your entitlement for Gift Aid we recommend you consult your own advisors or HMRC about any accounting, taxation or financial consequences of making a donation that may affect you. Further information on gift aid can be found at www.hmrc.gov.uk/individuals/giving/gift-aid.
3. Unauthorised Card Use
If you become aware of fraudulent use of your card, or if it is lost or stolen, you must notify your card provider.
4. Information From You
Before we can process a donation you must provide us with (i) your name, address and email address; and (ii) details of the credit or debit card that you wish to use to fund the donation. We will use this information to process your donation. It is your responsibility to ensure you have provided us with the correct information.
When you submit your payment details, these details will be transferred to our payment provider, Stripe, and your payment data will be collected and processed securely by them. You should make sure that you are aware of Stripe’s terms and conditions, which are different from our own, to ensure that you are comfortable with how they will process your personal data before you make a donation.
We won’t share your personal details with any other third party other than is set out in our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy forms part of these Donation Payment Terms and Conditions and by agreeing to these Terms and Conditions you are also agreeing to the way we use and protect your personal information in line with our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
5. Refund Policy
If you make an error in your donation please contact us either by email at info@adra.org.uk, by phone at 030 30 40 10 17or by post at ADRA-UK, Stanborough Park, Watford, WD25 9JZ within 14 days and a full refund will be made to you.
6. Regular Donations
These Donation Payment Terms and Conditions will only apply to successive donations made through the Website where you have set up a regular donation. When you set up a regular donation you will be scheduling a series of donations to be made on the day of the month that you choose for the period of time you selected or until further notice. You agree that these Terms and Conditions will apply to each of the donations in that series.
By confirming that you wish to proceed with a regular donation you authorise our payment service provider Stripe to request funds from your credit or debit card on the day of each month that you set.
To cancel or change your regular donation, please contact info@adra.org.uk for further information. If you need any further assistance with cancelling your regular donation please contact us at info@adra.org.uk
7. General
We reserve the right to amend these Donation Payment Terms and Conditions at any time.
These Donation Payment Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Cookie
Description
Duration
Type
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
2 years
Analytics
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.
1 day
Analytics
_gat_gtag_UA_176924171_1
Google uses this cookie to distinguish users.
1 minute
Analytics
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes