https://adric.ca/privacy-policy/
About & FAQ
About Us
Board of Directors
Committees
Staff
Community
Honourees
Partners
Commitment to Diversity
ADRIC Regional Affiliates
McGowan Awards
ADRIC Shop
Privacy Policy
Useful Links
Frequently Asked Questions
Rules & Codes
ADRIC Arbitration Rules
ADRIC Case Administration Services
National Mediation Rules
ADRIC Med-Arb Rules
Code of Ethics
Code of Conduct
Complaints & Discipline Policy
Membership
Member Benefits
Special ADRIC Group Plans
Professional Insurance Program
Home & Auto Insurance Program
Zoom Videoconferencing Group Plan
Corporate Membership
ADRIC ADR Stakeholder
International Membership
ADR Training
Correspondence Course in Arbitration
National Introductory Arbitration Course
National Introductory Mediation Course
Med-Arb Foundational Workshop
Online Dispute Resolution Course
ADRIC Accredited Courses and Accreditation
ADRIC Professional Practice Manuals
Professional Designations
Professional Designations
Chartered Mediator
Chartered Arbitrator
Qualified Mediator
Qualified Arbitrator
NEW: Chartered Med-Arb
IMI Certification
Continuing Education & Engagement
Services
ADRIC Case Administration Services
Arbitrator and Mediator Appointments
Custom ADR Systems and Rosters Development
Corporate Membership
How to Commence an Arbitration
In-House Designations
Events
CanArbWeek 2020
ADRIC 2020 Clarity in Conflict Resolution Webinar Series
ADRIC 2020 – Diversity Series
All ADR Events
ADRIC Events
ADRIC Past Conferences
Publications & News
Canadian Arbitration and Mediation Journal
Editorial Board
ADR Perspectives
Editorial Board
ADRIC Member News
Industry News
Online Dispute Resolution (ODR)
ODR Resource Library
ODR Tools and Platforms
Community News
Media Centre
Disability Accessibility Guidebook
Youtube Channel
You may visit our site anonymously. We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, send or respond to email, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may use the information we collect: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver products and services to you; to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests; to quickly process your transactions; and to administer other site features.
When you use the site to obtain information about or to receive products or services from us, we will ask you for permission to send you future newsletters, emails and other electronic communications to update you on the latest news, products, events and services.
You can unsubscribe at any time, using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on February 1, 2019.
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue, to admin@adric.ca.
Our full privacy policy
By using our site, you consent to our privacy and email communication policies.
Corporate Members Tweets by @ADRCanada
Contact Us
We're currently offline. Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Send Message
© 2020 ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Subscribe
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap