https://advent-lutheran.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you visiting Advent Lutheran’s website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. To assure you of your privacy, we provide this notice to help you understand our commitment to security, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit our website, how we may use that information, and how you can correct the information.
Automatically Collected Anonymous Information
When you visit Advent Lutheran’s website, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged as it is at most websites, which may include information about your IP address, domain name, browser type, mobile device type, access time, and referring website address. This information is not personally identifiable and is only used in aggregate (not in any way that personally identifies you).
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is any information about you as an individual that would enable someone to contact you; for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address. We may ask for such information when you subscribe to an email newsletter, register for an event,  participate in an online survey, post a comment, or use a service or tool such as emailing a page.
We will not collect any PII about you unless you provide it. Providing any PII to us is voluntary. If you do not want us to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.
You can visit and browse our website without revealing any PII, but you may not be able to access certain content, features or services if you choose not to disclose PII.
How We Use This Information
Aggregated information may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about the usage patterns of our visitors to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive.
PII you provide voluntarily may be used to improve the content of our websites, or to notify you of updates to our website, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations.
Advent Lutheran may use PII to provide Internet security and to meet legal requirements. As a result, Advent Lutheran reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities committed on or through our websites. Advent Lutheran may disclose PII in the course of officially authorized law enforcement investigations or as required to comply with a current judicial proceeding, court order, warrant, subpoena or other legal process served on Advent Lutheran. Further, in the event of a suspected attempt to deliberately circumvent our websites’ security with the intent to gain unauthorized access or to do physical damage, Advent Lutheran may share PII about a suspected intruder with law enforcement officials. Advent Lutheran shall have no legal liability for such disclosures. Notwithstanding any of the above, Advent Lutheran reserves the right to challenge the validity of any subpoena, court order, warrant or other legal process, in its sole discretion.
If you choose to post comments to a blog or article, any information you submit may become public. It may become accessible through search engines or, if you sign in using credentials from a third-party social networking service, it may become accessible to users on that service. Unless otherwise noted, we do not limit the distribution of information that you share using these features. Advent Lutheran is not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via these forums, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been permitted by you, not Advent Lutheran. If you prefer not to have your information published, do not submit it.
If you choose to submit content for publication, we may publish any information you have provided to us. If you prefer not to have your PII published, do not include it in your submission.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your PII for marketing purposes, please let us know via webmaster@advent-lutheran.org.
Cookies & Web Beacons
Cookies are a technology that helps us serve you better. Our cookies collect no personally identifiable information. We use cookies to help us know when and how many people visit our websites.
For example, we may use Google Analytics and Advertising cookies to perform statistical, demographic, interest and marketing analyses.
Advent Lutheran, or our third party service providers may use web beacons (clear .gifs) or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page or in an email newsletter, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing the web page or email newsletter. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page, open an email newsletter or deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing a web page.
You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, delete cookies periodically, or reject all cookies. You may also opt-out of Google Analytics’ cookies here and Facebook’s cookies here. Generally, deleting or rejecting cookies also disables web beacons. Please be aware that rejecting all cookies may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered through Advent Lutheran’s website. Check the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
Collection of Information by Third Parties, Sponsors and Ad Servers
Websites that have links on our websites may collect information directly from you if you click on a link an advertisement to visit another website. This Privacy Policy applies only to information you provide to us and not to any information you may provide to a third party. Please consult the privacy policy of any other website you visit to know what information they may collect and how they may use it.
Advent Lutheran may partner with third parties that operate websites and services you can use. For example, a website may be cobranded. When you provide personal information via a cobranded website, you may have the option of providing it to either or both parties.We do not allow third parties to market to our list of emails collected through our website.
Use by Minors
Advent Lutheran’s website is a general audience websites, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Please instruct your children to ask you for permission before providing any information about themselves to Advent Lutheran, and visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about safe online surfing.
Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning on January 1, 2014, an amendment to Section 22575 of California’s Business and Professions Code requires Advent Lutheran to disclose to its customers who are California residents how it responds to Web browser do not track (“DNT”) signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services. Advent Lutheran’s website does not currently respond to any DNT signals. However, customers may make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties by visiting the DAA consumer opt out page as described in the Ad Choices section above.
International Transfer
This website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States of America (USA). Advent Lutheran makes no representation that this website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations. By using this website and submitting any personal information, visitors from outside of the USA acknowledge that this website is subject to USA law, consent to the transfer of personal data to the USA, and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws. If you do not want your personal information transferred to the USA, do not provide it on this website.
Our Commitment to Security
Advent Lutheran has appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place at its physical location to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of any information you may provide via our website.  We use industry-standard encryption technologies. Please note that no security system is impenetrable. As effective as these measures are, we cannot guarantee the security of our database nor that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.
How to Update Your Information
You may access and update the personal information you have provided to us by sending an email to webmaster@advent-lutheran.org.