http://afpc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
We do collect identifiable information about you through this site as required to register for events or email. We have access to such information only if you choose to share with us either directly, by e-mail or by filling out and submitting any information that may be available on the site. We do not and will not sell information about users of the site to third parties. Nor do we share such information except as described below. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the American Foreign Policy Council website, to understand our practices.
USE OF COOKIES
afpc.org uses cookies to automate the process of logging on to certain areas of the site. The afpc.org cookie is a small data file stored on your computer that contains a single, randomly assigned user ID number. By recognizing this ID number, afpc.org can automatically provide you with the personalized content for which you requested. Cookies can neither read any other files on your computer, nor damage your computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, and digital downloads, is the property of AFPC or its suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of AFPC unless otherwise noted and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
TRADEMARKS
The American Foreign Policy Council’s trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not AFPC’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any manner that disparages or discredits the American Foreign Policy Council. All other trademarks not owned by AFPC that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by the American Foreign Policy Council.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Some links posted on this site will let you leave AFPC’s site. These linked sites are not under the control of AFPC and AFPC is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. The American Foreign Policy Council is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by AFPC of the site.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The American Foreign Policy Council reserves the right to change the policy on use of information collected. Any changes in policy will be noted in a revised privacy policy statement and will be posted at least 30 days prior to implementation. You may direct any privacy policy questions to info@afpc.org.
American Foreign Policy Council (AFPC)509 C Street NEWashington, DC 20002
202-543-1006
afpc@afpc.org