https://ageandopportunity.ie/privacy
Menu
COVID-19: Resources to help you during the pandemic.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Age & Opportunity (“we”) is committed to protecting individual’s privacy and complies with EU and Irish Data Protection directives.
The following Privacy Statement (“the Statement”) explains how and why we collect personal data and how it is used. By visiting this Website, you are accepting the terms of the Statement.
Age & Opportunity does not:
collect more personal data than is necessary;
use personal data for purposes other than those specified;
keep personal data for longer than it is needed; or
share personal data with unspecified third parties.
If you would like further information, or have any questions on this policy or the terms we mention, please contact us at info@ageandopportunity.ie.
What information does Age & Opportunity collect?
We retain two types of information:
(a) “Non-Personal Data”
You can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and anonymous basis from all visitors to our Website.
This “Non-Personal Data” comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as:
your IP (Internet Protocol) address,
domain name,
browser type,
operating system,
information such as the website that referred you to us,
the files you downloaded,
the pages you visit,
the dates/times of those visits,
other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website.
(b) “Personal Data”
“Personal Data” is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you. Personal Data is collected only with your full knowledge and permission when you voluntarily and actively provide it to us and is retained by Age & Opportunity in a secure manner.
We collect personal data when a person requests the provision of Age & Opportunity services.  When you contact Age & Opportunity to: register for an event, request information, provide feedback, apply for a funding opportunity, request assistance, fill out an online form, make a donation, volunteer, or sign up to any of Age & Opportunity’s campaigns or online content, such as newsletters, or you telephone, email, write to Age & Opportunity, or engage with Age & Opportunity via social media channels, we may receive and retain personal information about you.
The information will be processed and stored so that Age & Opportunity can contact and respond to the sender.
This personal information can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number, IP address and bank account details or financial details (Debit or Credit Cards) to process grant applications or payment for services/courses, and occasionally your date-of-birth (some events may be age dependent).
By supplying personal data to Age & Opportunity, an individual is consenting to the processing of such data as outlined in this privacy statement.
Use of Cookies & Google Analytics
Cookie Consent
This website stores some cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files on your device. They are made by your web browser when you visit a website and identify your computer to our server. They help us to gather information about how often our sites are visited and by how many people. Cookies do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. This information is then used by us to monitor access to our site and to develop and improve the service we provide to our users accordingly. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile anonymous data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Google Analytics (GA)
We use GA to track the number of people who visit our website and to try to better understand what information they try to access from us. We then use this data to make the website even more responsive to our users’ needs.
This information is used to find out how many people are visiting our sites and for statistical purposes and also to allow us improve the information we are supplying to our stakeholders. Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics which allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, discover what information is most and least used, inform us on future design and layout specifications, and help us make our site more user friendly and accessible.
By EU law, all websites are obliged to ask users for their permission to store cookies. On your first visit to the website you might notice a small pop-up at the bottom of the screen to this effect.
When you click “Ok, I agree” or click any other link on the page, we store a cookie to let us know that you have accepted, so we don’t need to show you this pop-up Cookie Consent message again.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
Purposes for which we hold your Information
Age & Opportunity will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
Non-Personal Data:
This information is used in an aggregate form to analyse trends and usage of the Website and to improve the usefulness of the Website, we may also use IP addresses to identify the location of users and to block disruptive use.
Personal Data:
We process the personal data you provide to us for the following purposes:
for internal record keeping;
in relation to any correspondence you have entered into with us whether by letter, email, text, social media, message board or any other means;
for service administration purposes, which means that we may contact you for reasons related to donations you have made, funding applications you have made, or the completion of commercial or other transactions you have entered into with Age & Opportunity;
to invite you to participate in surveys or research about Age & Opportunity or our work (participation is always voluntary);
for fundraising purposes where you have specifically consented to receive fundraising communications from us;
to provide you with information about our activities or online content you have agreed to receive;
to register your interest in and communicate with you about:
our services/programmes
our campaigns and advocacy work
our fundraising events and activities
our training courses/ workshops and our publications
our volunteer opportunities
our conferences and other Age & Opportunity events and programmes
to fulfil a purchase you make on our online shop;
to process your job or volunteer applications;
to respond to your queries and information requests;
to register you as a bealtaine organiser and communicate with you about the Bealtaine festival;
to register funding applications and process payments
to register your subscription to a mailing list(s) and eNewsletter(s) (You can unsubscribe from our mailing lists and eNewsletter at any time, by clicking on the ‘update preferences or unsubscribe’ link at the foot of the email, this link appears on every eNewsletter we send out);
to respond to any feedback you provide or a complaint you make;
to conduct research and analysis to monitor the performance of our programmes, campaigns, events and products.
to market to you according to your preferences;
Age & Opportunity will process your personal data based on the following grounds:
Your consent;
Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract;
Where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Age & Opportunity is subject;
Where it is in Age & Opportunity’s legitimate interest to;
administer and record your donation and to keep a record of your relationship with us;
administer payments to recipient groups who have successfully applied for funding, and record your group’s funding history/relationship with us
provide you with information about any fundraising or advocacy activities or campaigns that you have agreed to take part in;
provide you with information necessary for any training, workshop(s) or event(s) you sign up for;
assess employee and volunteer applications and recruit employees and volunteers;
follow up with your queries;
assess our fundraising activities.
evaluate our programmes/services/events/training.
Events and Photography/Images
At Age & Opportunity organised events, on-site signage will advise if/when there will be photography or another image recording taking place. People who express a preference not to appear in images captured will be accommodated.
Age & Opportunity do not provide contact details, for example email/phone number, of individuals on Delegate/Attendee lists at events.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We will only use your information within Age & Opportunity for the purposes for which it was obtained.
We will not sell any Personal Data volunteered on the Website to any third party. We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless disclosure is required by agents or contractors of Age & Opportunity in the course of providing services (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements).
We may share your information with other third parties associated with service provision such as:
Companies who provide services for us such as printing, mail distribution, and technical support;
Our third-party service providers (sometimes known as data processors) such as computing providers who provide our IT infrastructure, Salesforce (our contact database), MailChimp (our email service provider), Eventbrite (used for event tickets and registration), SurveyMonkey or TypeForm (online survey tools).
Some of these services maybe located outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  We select these services based on their guarantees in relation to the security measures they have in place, their compliance with data protection legislation and where required appropriate contractual arrangements (Privacy Shield, Binding Corporate Rules, or Model Contracts). By submitting your personal data for such purposes, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Data Security
Age & Opportunity uses appropriate technical and physical security measures to ensure the security of any personal data stored on our systems (online and paper files) and to protect from unauthorised access, loss, alteration, manipulation, falsification, destruction or unauthorised disclosure.
You should note however, that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.
We will securely delete your information when it is no longer required, in line with our company policies.
Rights of Access to Personal Data
Individuals have the right to request access to the personal data Age & Opportunity may hold.
Age & Opportunity provides Bealtaine event organisers with the ability to edit their personal details in the online user account information provided when they register an event on the website bealtaine.ie. Members may request deletion of this account by contacting Age & Opportunity by e-mail info@ageandopportunity.ie  We will endeavour to have data deleted within one month of receipt of request. Please note that deleting stored data may have implications regarding future communications.
To stop receiving our marketing or change your preferences – follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of the emails we send you or contact us and we will do it for you.
If you have provided Personal Data to us and you:
(a) would like copies of that information;
(b) would like us to correct any factual inaccuracies in that information; or
(c) would like that, or part of that information deleted from our records, then please contact us at info@ageandopportunity.ie.
To comply with such a request, we may request verification of identity of the person making the request. The request will be fulfilled by sending the data copy electronically unless the request expressly specifies a different method.  The first request made by a customer is free of charge but may be subject to an administrative fee for further requests.
We will use every effort to supply, correct or delete information about you on our files.
We will respond promptly and efficiently to any data request and supply any requested data in a commonly-used and easy-to-read format.
Social Media Plug-Ins & External Links
This Privacy Statement is applicable to the Age & Opportunity & Bealtaine websites only.
Where our site has links to other sites the organisation is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by Age & Opportunity.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. Always check the privacy policies of any sites visited. Once redirected to another website, this Age & Opportunity Privacy Statement is no longer applicable.
Our website has a number of plug-ins: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Vimeo, Flicker, Soundcloud, and YouTube. These plugins remain inactive until clicked upon. Once clicked upon, the individual will be taken to the social media network each of which have their own specific privacy policies which we recommend users consult.
How long will Age & Opportunity retain your personal data?
Age & Opportunity holds personal data for a range of time periods, these are guided by our statutory requirements for certain data (e.g. financial records, employment records, garda vetting or health and safety records), our contractual obligations and our business and risk management requirements.
If you request that we stop contacting you, we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Personal data collected and stored by Age & Opportunity is retained for no longer than necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. We recognise that personal data may not be retained indefinitely.
Recruitment
Information from job applicants for roles/opportunities in Age & Opportunity will be collected, processed and stored to enable Age & Opportunity to make contact.
Additionally, Age & Opportunity may keep unsuccessful applicants’ data for a period for the purpose of filling a different/subsequent job opportunity.
Age & Opportunity does not collect information on applicants for third party vacancies/opportunities advertised on our website, social media or newsletter.
Changes to the Website Statement
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. All changes will be updated here, on this page. It shall be your responsibility to check our Website frequently to see recent changes. The date of the latest review can be found at the end of this Policy.
Contact Details
Contact Us
If you wish to discuss this Statement with Age & Opportunity or any other matters relating to our privacy policy generally, please contact us at  01 805 7709 or email us at info@ageandopportunity.ie.
Contact the Irish Data Protection Commissioner:
Further information on your data privacy rights is available on the website of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner. https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/A-guide-to-your-rights-Plain-English-Version/r/858.htm
For general information relating to Data Protection in Ireland you can contact the Data Protection Commissioner at info@dataprotection.ie .
Principal Funders:
Our Principal Funders: