https://aiainc.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Making the American Dream come true!
(800) 688-3017info@aiainc.org
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, as of September 1, 2013, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code sec. 22575 – 22579.)  In conjunction with you registering with our website, we may collect and retain the following personally identifiable information:
Your first and last name;
Your home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town;
Your e-mail address;
Your telephone number;
Your social security number;
Any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you; and,
Any information concerning you that we collect online from you which we maintain in personally identifiable form in combination with any of the items listed in 1 – 6, above.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information without your consent. However, by entering your personally identifiable information on our website, you consent to us sharing your personally identifiable information with; (1) trusted affiliated third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you and (2) unaffiliated third parties who can assist you in your real estate purchase or mortgage transaction, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. Upon your consent, personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page or by completing the opt out form located at the bottom of this page.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
; To arrange for third party fiduciary services such as unaffiliated lenders and/or affiliated real estate brokers
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of this page.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your personally identifiable information will remain in our protected files, unless you contact us and request that we delete such information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online and Offline Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy applies to information collected through our website as well as information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://aiainc.org/terms-of-use/
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 12.08.2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://aiainc.org/
American Intermutual Agency,
INC CA DRE 01927951
NMLS 1206029.
info@aiainc.org