https://aifs.gov.au/privacy
Main menu
Home
PublicationsAll publications
Families Then and Now
Research reports
Research summaries
Commissioned reports
Submissions
Journal articles
Family Matters
Archived publications
Facts and Figures
Families survey
About AIFSWhat we do
Executive team
Committees
Tenders
Partnerships
Work with us
Corporate information
Our workResearch expertise
Current Projects
Practice evidence and evaluation
Gambling research
Researchers
Resources
Data linkage
Past Projects
EventsWebinars and seminars
Families in Focus webinar series
AIFS Conference
AIFS Conference highlights
Featured podcasts
Other family-related conferences
Previous events
Media centre
Take the survey
Home » Privacy
Privacy
The Australian Institute of Family Studies (AIFS) is a Commonwealth statutory authority established under the Family Law Act 1975 to undertake research into factors affecting family wellbeing. As a research body, AIFS collects and handles a variety of personal information in performing its statutory research function and activities. This condensed Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by AIFS.
AIFS has adopted the layered privacy policy format. This document provides you with a succinct overview of how we handle your personal information.
For more information see the complete complete AIFS Privacy Policy.
Personal information handling practices
Collection
We usually collect personal information about individuals directly from those individuals or their authorised representative.
We sometimes collect personal information from a third party or from a publicly available source, but only if:
the individual has consented to such collection or would reasonably expect us to collect their personal information in this way
if it is necessary for a specific purpose, such as the investigation of a privacy complaint.
In certain circumstances, we may collect personal information from other government agencies to assist us to contact members of the public to seek their participation in a research study.
We only collect personal information for purposes that are necessary for or directly related to our functions or activities in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Family Law Act 1975.
Use and disclosure
We only use personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, either for a particular purpose (primary purpose) or for a related purpose (secondary purpose).
In some instances, we may use personal information, such as contact details that AIFS has obtained from another government agency, to contact members of the public to participate in research surveys, focus groups or interviews. If any individual does not wish to participate or continue to participate in a research study, we do not use their contact details for any other purpose and, in the majority of cases, destroy their personal information, in line with the AIFS Records Authority (PDF 502 KB).
We do not give personal information about an individual to other government agencies, private sector organisations or anyone else, unless one of the following applies:
the individual has consented
the individual would reasonably expect, or has been told, that information of that kind is usually passed to those individuals, bodies or agencies
it is otherwise required or authorised by law
it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody’s life or health
it is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty, or for the protection of public revenue.
Data security
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold against interference, loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure, and against other misuse in line with the Australian Government’s Protective Security Policy Framework. When the personal information we collect is no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner, in accordance with the AIFS Records Authority (PDF 502 KB) and the Archives Act 1983.
Your choices
You can seek access to the personal information that we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct the personal information we hold about you. For more information, see the Access and correction section in our complete Privacy Policy.
If you are listed on one or more of our email newsletters , you can opt out at any time by unsubscribing by using the “unsubscribe” options in our emails.
Our obligations
AIFS is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988.
For more information, see our complete Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
For further information contact us online, in writing or by telephone:
Australian Institute of Family StudiesLevel 4, 40 City Road,Southbank, VIC 3006Australia
Phone: +61 3 9214 7888Fax: +61 3 9214 7839
AIFS podcasts
Leading researchers discuss significant issues affecting Australian families.
Explore our featured podcasts
AIFStv
AIFS news
Get the latest news about our publications, research and upcoming events.
Subscribe
Part of the AIFS network
Australian Institute of Family Studies
Australian Gambling Research Centre
Building a New Life in Australia
Child Family Community Australia
Families and Children Expert Panel Project
Growing Up In Australia
Ten to Men
AIFS social media
AIFS Newsletter
Subscribe to AIFS news
The Australian Institute of Family Studies acknowledges the traditional country throughout Australia on which we gather, live, work and stand.
We acknowledge all traditional custodians, their Elders past, present and emerging, and we pay our respects to their continuing connection to their culture, community, land, sea and rivers.
© 2020 Australian Institute of Family Studies.
Footer Sub Menu
Accessibility
Copyright
Disclaimer
FOI
IPS
Privacy
Security
Sitemap