https://aimint.org/us/privacy-policy/
AIM-USA Privacy Policy
Africa Inland Mission International, Inc., is a 501(c)3 non-profit dedicated to the establishment of Christ-centered churches among all African peoples. We are based in Peachtree City, GA. We also have offices around the world, with our International office located in Bristol, England.
Data Protection
AIM doesn’t capture and store any personal information about individuals who access this website, except where you voluntarily choose to give us your personal details via e-mail or by filling in an inquiry form.
For the purpose of our regular mailings and donation processing, your name and contact details are stored on our computer system. We do not sell your information to other organizations. Under the terms of the Data Protection Act, you are entitled to ask us to remove your name and contact details if you wish. If you do so, we will remove your name from all mailing lists. Essential data will only be retained to comply with statutory requirements and for statistical purposes.
If you’d like to be removed from our mailing list, please send us an email, or call us at 1.800.254.0010
Cookies
Like many websites, Africa Inland Mission may use cookies in order to provide you with a more personalized web experience.
A cookie is a text-only string of information that we pass to your computer’s hard disk through your web-browser so that the website can remember who you are.
Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
For more information about cookies, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
Or, if you would like some really great cookie recipes, click here.
Africa Inland Mission is an evangelical Christian mission agency serving in over 20 African nations. Our passion is to see Christ-centered churches established and thriving among all of Africa's peoples.
Discover more
AIM GLOBAL