https://aip.org.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
DISCLAIMER
While The Australian Institute of Physics.(AIP) has used all reasonable endeavours to ensure the information on this site is as accurate as possible, it gives no warranty or guarantee that the material, information or publication made accessible is accurate, complete, current, or fit for any use whatsoever. No reliance should be made by a user of the material, information or publication accessed via this site. The user should instead seek confirmation with the originating area/department or other body within the AIP before making use of the material, information or publication.
The AIP accepts no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage whatsoever suffered as a result of direct or indirect use or application of any material, publication or information made accessible via its web site.
The AIP provides links to companies/organisations and information external to the AIP. In providing such links, the AIP does not accept responsibility for, or endorse the content or condition of, any linked site.
The AIP reserves the right to vary the material, information or publication on this website without notice.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
How does The Australian Institute of Physics (AIP) use your Data?
The AIP uses your personal data (e.g. name, address, email address, country of residence) to administer its activities, products, and services and to send information about them to you. The AIP may undertake communications on behalf of other organisations to selected contacts, customers, and members but only to those who have given their agreement to receiving such communications.
The Data We Collect about Users
The AIP logs the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your PC to be able to receive and send information on the Internet.
The AIP collects personal data when you register or update your personal details using online forms.
Inaccuracies and corrections
You can correct or update your personal data using the appropriate online form, by contacting the AIP using the email address on an online form, or if you are not sure whom to contact by emailing webmaster.
Security
The AIP takes care to protect the data it collects about site users, using Secure Site License-approved technology where appropriate.
Membership Join
Login
Automatically recurring payments are now available! New members can sign-up by clicking the Join button above and signing-up for a Membership Level that has *automatically recurring payments*.
Members can sign-up by clicking the Login button above and changing their Membership Level to a level with *automatically recurring payments*.
Australian Institute of Physics Membership Portal
If you are experiencing difficulties please contact us by phone 0478 260 533, or email aip@aip.org.au.
AIP Congress 2022
2021 Executive The next Executive team, as of February 2021 will be:
Sven Rogge (as President)
Nicole Bell (as Vice-President)
Kirrily Rule (as Honorary Secretary)
Stephen Collins (as Honorary Registrar)
Judith Pollard (as Honorary Treasurer)
Corporate sponsors
Follow the AIP
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS
SUBMIT EVENT
Promoting the role of Physics in research, education, industry and the community
Search for:
Event CalendarView and add physics-related events
Related Groups
Science and Technology Australia
Association of Asia Pacific Physical Societies Bulletin
Cognate Societies:
Australasian College of Physical Scientists and Engineers in Medicine (ACPSEM)
Australasian Radiation Protection Society (ARPS)
Australasian Society for General Relativity and Gravitation (ASGRG)
Australian Acoustical Society (AAS)
Australian and New Zealand Optical Society (ANZOS)
Astronomical Society of Australia (ASA)
Australian Society of Rheology (ASR)
Royal Australian Chemical Institute (RACI)
Vacuum Society of Australia (VSA)
Recent Posts
The Australian Institute of Physics urges Murdoch University to reconsider changes in STEM degrees
New Chief Scientist appointed, Dirac Medal awarded, and Hidden Physicist discovered
2021 MEMBERSHIP RENEWAL Now Open
AIP congratulates Australia’s new Chief Scientist Dr Cathy Foley
The PM’s Prizes, online gigs galore, new links with Korea and more physics news for November