https://ajws.org/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
Home  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
Tweet
Share
Email
This Privacy Policy is designed to explain our online information practices in connection with the American Jewish World Service (“AJWS”) web site (the “Site”). AJWS is committed to protecting the privacy of its online visitors and does not collect information about you, other than as described below. By using this Site, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. For AJWS’s Donor Privacy Policy, please click here.
1. Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
1.1. Information You Provide Us. AJWS does not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our Site. AJWS only gathers personally identifying information (“PII”), such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, PII may be collected as part of your expression of interest in (i) applying for a position at AJWS, (ii) participating in AJWS group travel programs, (iii) making a donation online or (iv) signing up for an AJWS mailing list.
Most areas of our Site are accessible without registration of any kind. However, some of our services require some identification as a part of participation. These include, but are not limited to, our online activism center. In each case, the PII required and the uses to which it is put are made clear.
The PII you provide is available to AJWS and third-party application service providers involved in the operation of this Site. Although we contractually require our third-party application service providers to protect your PII, please note that we do not own or control such providers and cannot guarantee their compliance.
1.2. Other Information Collected. AJWS utilizes advertising networks and third party analytics services that automatically collect and temporarily store certain information about your visit to our Site, including (i) the pages of our Site that you visited; (ii) the time and date of your visit; and (iii) the address of the web site you came from when you entered our Site. The information is aggregated and anonymized, and we use it to help understand how our Site and server function, diagnose problems with our server and improve our Site’s content.
As part of our ongoing effort to understand how our supporters and potential supporters respond to our emails messages, we may also utilize – directly or through a third party service provider – technical methods in HTML emails that we send to determine whether you have opened those emails or clicked on links in the emails.
2. Interest-Based Advertising and Do-Not-Track Settings
Interest-based advertising uses information about you to provide relevant, targeted advertising likely to be of interest to you. Click here for additional information on interest-based advertising.
Although some web browsers offer “do not track” options, the Site does not currently honor “do-not-track” browser settings. If you would like to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please click here. Please note: if you choose opt-out of interest-based advertising, you may continue to see or receive online advertising from us, but such ads may not be as relevant to you as you would like because your participation provides us with guidance about what you would or would not like to see from us through our advertising.
3. Use of Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our Site. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Users may have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued or not to receive cookies at any time. If you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of the full features of the Site.
4. Sharing of Your Information
AJWS is the sole owner of any information collected on this Site. We will not share your information with any third-party organization for commercial purposes except as noted in this policy.
AJWS may disclose PII if compelled by law or a regulatory authority. In addition, we may need to disclose PII in special cases where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interfering (either intentionally or unintentionally) with AJWS’s rights or property, other AJWS Site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We also may share your email address with social media platforms in order to provide you with information about AJWS’ activities.
5. Security of Your Information
AJWS takes steps intended to secure the PII provided to us. For example, PII you provide is accessible only by designated staff. All PII gathered on the AJWS website is done in a secure and encrypted manner using Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. While we try to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or that we retain. You use the Site, and provide us with PII, at your own risk.
6. Opt-Out
If you supply us with your postal address or e-mail address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on our programs and services. If you do not want to receive postal mail and/or e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending your request via the unsubscribe link contained in all such e-mails or by contacting us as set out below.
AJWS will never rent, trade or sell your e-mail address. However, we may on occasion share your name and postal address with our service providers and with other organizations we believe you may have an interest in supporting, unless you opt-out. If you would prefer that your name and postal address not be shared with others, simply send us a request via e-mail to ajws@ajws.org.
Similarly, we may contact individuals we believe may be interested in donating to AJWS. If such individuals indicate they do not wish to be contacted again, we honor that request.
7. Credit Card Information
Protecting your credit card information is of the utmost importance to AJWS. AJWS’s online donation site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. These donation pages are redirected to a third party platform which AJWS requires to be compliant with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and to use all security measures required for credit card industry online payments.
The donation pages make efforts to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information, including credit card information, by using SSL encryption technology. This method reflects industry standard security protocol and is intended to minimize the risk of interception of your credit card information.
8. Access to and Deletion of Information
The accuracy of your PII is important to AJWS. If you would like to review or make a change to your PII related to a donation, please send an e-mail to donations@ajws.org. If you would like to review or delete any other PII you have provided to us, please contact us at the email address below, and we will consider your request. We reserve the right not to agree to any such request if we deem it burdensome or otherwise injurious or inappropriate, except to the extent required by applicable law.
9. External Links
In order to provide certain services and materials, our Site may allow you to “click” over to other Web sites. This Privacy Policy only applies to www.ajws.org and does not apply to any third party sites. AJWS is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Web sites, even if our name and logo appear on the screen. We recommend that you review the privacy policies on third-party sites before you use any services or programs they offer.
10. Information from Children under Age 13
AJWS does not knowingly solicit or collect PII from anyone under the age of 13. Visitors under the age of 13 should ask their parent or legal guardian for assistance when using www.ajws.org and should not submit any PII to AJWS. In the event we learn that we have collected PII from a child under age 13, we will delete that information.
11. Business Transition
In the event another nonprofit organization merges with or acquires AJWS or substantially all of its assets, your PII may be transferred to that successor or acquiring entity. A court also may order the sale of PII as an asset in a bankruptcy or similar insolvency proceeding.
12. For Individuals Within the European Economic Area Only
AJWS is an American 501(c)(3) nonprofit located in and operated from New York, New York. While AJWS has no presence in the European Economic Area (“EAA”), AJWS may, from time to time, collect personal information from European individuals (“Data Subjects”). That personal information will be maintained by AJWS in the United States. AJWS complies with all applicable data-protection laws, including the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Personal information that may be collected by us from a Data Subject in the EEA may include:
IP address
Name and email address
12.1. Lawful Grounds to Process and Obtain Consent. Data Subjects whose personal information is collected in the EEA may withdraw consent at any time where consent is the lawful basis for processing his/her information. Should a data subject withdraw consent for processing or otherwise object to processing that impedes AJWS’ ability to comply with applicable regulations, a Data Subject may be unable to avail him/herself of the full use of the site and engage in other interactions with AJWS.
12.2. Data Subject’s Rights. All individuals whose personal information is held by AJWS have the right to:
Ask what information AJWS holds about them and why;
Ask for a copy of such information or access to such information;
Be informed how to correct or keep that information up to date;
Be informed on how AJWS is meeting its data protection obligations.
Furthermore, for data collected in the EEA, Data Subjects have the right to:
Ask for a copy of such information to be sent to a third party;
Ask for data to be erased if possible and when required under the GDPR;
Ask for processing of personal information to be restricted if possible and when required under GDPR;
Object to processing of personal information if possible and when required under GDPR; and
Contact a supervisory authority in the EEA to lodge a complaint regarding AJWS’ processing of your personal data.
12.3. Automated Decision-Making. AJWS does not engage in automated decision-making concerning Data Subjects.
12.4. Non-Disclosure of Information. AJWS does not share any nonpublic personal information of Data Subjects with any third-party organizations for commercial purposes except as noted in this policy.
12.5. Security and Disposal of Information. AJWS restricts access to nonpublic personal information to those employees who need to know such information. All electronic or computer files containing such information shall be secured and protected from access by unauthorized persons. Electronic and paper records used for business purposes are not left in places where they are visible to unauthorized persons. Data printouts and files are disposed of securely when no longer needed.
13. Revision of this Policy
AJWS may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without advance notice. Accordingly, we recommend that you check for updates to this Privacy Policy on an on-going basis. If we make any significant changes in the way we use your personal information, we will alert you by posting a prominent notice on our site.
14. AJWS Donor Privacy Policy
For AJWS’s Donor Privacy Policy, please click here.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
American Jewish World Service
45 West 36th Street, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10018
Phone: 212-792-2900
e-mail: ajws@ajws.org
212.792.2930
ajws@ajws.org
Newsroom
Financial Information
Privacy Policy
© 2020 American Jewish World Service. All rights reserved.