http://alabe.com/privacy.html
Scroll
Skip to main content
Home
Home
All Products
Shopping Cart
Software
Solar Fire®
Nova Chartwheels
Astrolabe Report Writer Software
JigSaw 2.2 - For Research
ACS PC Atlas
Imperial Astrologer
AstroTides
Placidus and Ancient Astrology
Astro Accessories
Support
Get Help
Software Updates & Documentation
Tech Support: Knowledge Base
Tech Support: Forums
Tech Support: Submit A Ticket
Astro Reports
Astrolabe Reports
Astro*Intelligence Reports
KnoU Numerology Reports
Chart Calculation
About Astrology
Astrology Events
Articles and Lectures
Astrology Books
Video and Audio
NCGR: Certified Astrologers
Books & Merchandise
Astrology Books
Video and Audio
All Products
Download Our Catalog
About Us
Contact Us
History and Bios
Dealer Network
Friends of Astrolabe
What's An Astrolabe?
Free Astro Chart
Free Birth Chart
More Free Stuff
Shopping Cart
Astrolabe's Privacy Policy
Updated January 14, 2020
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make it easy to find, we have made it available on our homepage. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Astrolabe website.
The Information We Collect: On some pages, you can order products, request free charts, subscribe to our newsletter, or make emailed requests for more information or for technical support. In order to fulfill such requests, we need to ask for information like your:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Birth date, time and place (when you are ordering an astrological chart or report).
You can also submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to give us the recipient's address. In such circumstances, the types of personal information collected will be similar to the above, except for credit card and other billing information.
The Way We Use Information: The only ways we use personal information are as follows:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to complete that order and that information remains as part of our customer records. We may use your contact information in the future for targeted mailings via email or through the postal service. When you purchase an astrological report or chart, we may store your birth data.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to ship the product and to confirm delivery. This information also becomes part of our customer records.
We use your return email address to answer your email, send an order confirmation, or to email your free charts or chart report purchases to you.
If you come to our site from an affiliate third party site, we may share your contact information with the owners of that third party site.
Other Uses of Email Addresses: When you supply your email address (and you are not a resident of the European Union), we may use it to subscribe you to our email newsletter, AUGuries. AUGuries is generally published at intervals from four to eight weeks and includes interesting astrological information as well as updates on our new products, services and sales.
You can unsubscribe to AUGuries at any time by following the instructions at the bottom of our notices. Individuals that we can identify as residing in or citizens of the European Union will not be added without their explicit consent.
Occasionally we may also use our email list to provide you with information on products and services from non-profit astrological organizations or from third parties with whom we partner in a joint venture. We never, however, sell or share our email list to any third party who is not an authorized dealer or vendor of Astrolabe products. Instead, we would incorporate their message into an email originated from Astrolabe.
If you wish, you can be removed from our email list by following the instructions that appear at the bottom of every mass email (emails are serviced by Constant Contact).
Collecting Site Statistics: To improve the design of our website, we collect demographic information and statistics on things like which pages are visited the most. This information is stored without your name and email address attached to it. Sometimes we might share such statistics with another organization -- for example, telling them that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website. In sharing such information, we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify you individually.
If you wish to not be included in the site statistics, you may want to download and use an Opt-Out browser add-on.
Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information: To be removed from our email list or to correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information, you can send us an email at astrolabe@alabe.com. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us: If you have any questions, concerns or comments about these privacy policies, please send us an email at astrolabe@alabe.com.
For Individuals in the State of California, USA
California residents have certain privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, also known as the CCPA, effective January 1, 2020. These rights apply to "any business that earns $25 million in revenue per year, sells 50,000 consumer records per year, or derives 50% of its annual revenue from selling personal information."
Astrolabe does not sell any personal information to third parties. In addition, Astrolabe does not reach the thresholds as provided in the CCPA excerpt above. Any information collected as the result of a purchase from us is stored securely and is inaccessible to any online user. It is for this reason that we do not currently allow online customer accounts. If you should have any questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us at astrolabe@alabe.com.
Additional Rights for Individuals in the European Union
Individuals who use our website and are located in or residents of the European Union have certain data rights that may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions.
Data Storage: For the purposes of EU data protection laws, Astrolabe is the data controller of your personal information collected on this website. Any information collected is stored and processed in the United States.
Data Processing: If you are based in the EU, we will only process your personal data for a purpose described in this Privacy Policy if (1) you have provided your consent (which can be withdrawn at any time), (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests (except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests).
In certain circumstances you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data that we hold about you. You may:
Request access to your personal data. You have the right to request access to any personal data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal data will be stored and the source of the personal data.
Request correction of your personal data. You have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal data. You have the right to request that personal data held about you be deleted.
Request restriction of processing your personal data. You have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate interest or for direct marketing.
Request transfer of your personal data. You have the right to request transfer of your personal data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
You may exercise any of these rights by calling us at +1 (508) 896-5081 or by emailing us at astrolabe@alabe.com.
Complaints: Where you believe that we have not complied with our obligation under this Privacy Policy or European data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority.
Email Marketing: We will only send you direct marketing communications through our AUGuries newsletter if you have given your consent to receive such marketing. You can choose to stop receiving any direct marketing communications from us at any time simply by following the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any AUGuries email.
How To Contact Us: If you have any questions, concerns or comments about you wish to exercise any of your rights under this privacy policy, please send us an email at astrolabe@alabe.com.
Effective August 20, 2003    Updated May 25, 2018 to comply with GDPR policy    Updated January 14, 2020 to add notes concerning the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (effective January 1, 2020)