https://aldf.org/articles/?article_type=legal-resource
Skip to main content
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept
the privacy policy
Legal Resource
Show
Filters
Filter by:
Focus Area
All
Animals Used in Research
Captive Animals
Companion Animals
Farmed Animals
Wildlife
How We Work
All
Advocacy
Collaboration
Criminal Justice
Legal Education
Legislation
Litigation
Regulation
Date
All
Last 30 days
Last 90 days
Within 1 year
Within 5 years
Article Type
Select type(s)
Action Alert
Animal Law Update
Event
Legal Resource
Legally Brief
News
Press Release
Pro Bono Spotlight
Professional Legal Resource
Staff Scholarship
Student Chapter Spotlight
Student Chapters
Webinar
Apply Filter
Apply Filters
remove
Legal Resource
filter
Clear All filters
Showing 1-10 of 77
Animal Sales and Rehoming Scams: How to Spot Them
While Craigslist officially bans the sale of companion animals, in reality such sales are common on the platform, with sellers often using the term “rehoming” in order to skirt the ban. Scams are widespread, with unethical breeders and dealers frequently selling animals who are sick, stolen, or even nonexistent.
Legal Resource
Fur Sale Bans
Retail pet sale bans are a powerful way to fight back against puppy mills, and you could pass one in your own community!
Legal Resource
Animal Law Course – Emergency Course Grants
The Animal Legal Defense Fund is expanding its existing “seed grant” program to also offer emergency grants to law schools who have had to cancel an animal law course for COVID-19 related reasons.
August 10, 2020
Legal Resource
Identifying signs of dogfighting
It’s critical to stay vigilant and report suspected animal cruelty to local law enforcement whenever you see it. Here are the facts about dogfighting and the warning signs you should know.
Legal Resource
Industrial Animal Agriculture: Exploiting Workers and Animals
The animal agriculture industry — which is primarily comprised of enormous, multinational corporations — profits from exploiting animals and humans alike.
July 28, 2020
Legal Resource
COVID-19 Policy Recommendations
Pandemics have not only been predicted, they are also preventable. While the country continues to fight COVID-19, we must also prepare for — with the intention to prevent — the next pandemic. The Animal Legal Defense Fund is developing a series of papers, each outlining policy strategies calibrated to reduce specific zoonotic risks.
Legal Resource
Legislation – Federal Bills
The Animal Legal Defense Fund works at the state and local levels to advance important legislation. We advocate for laws that promote or protect the lives and interests of animals, and we oppose legislation that would…
Legal Resource
The Animals’ Advocate
Since 1980, the Animal Legal Defense Fund has been keeping our members and supporters posted on our groundbreaking legal work for animals via our newsletter—first dubbed the Animals’ Advocate back in 1989.
Legal Resource
Prohibiting Circuses and Traveling Acts that Use Animals
Wild animals used in circuses and traveling acts endure severe abuse and neglect. Help protect these animals by passing a ban on the use of animals in circuses and traveling acts in your own city and county!
Legal Resource
Innovation in Food Production: Plant-Based Meats
The rise of plant protein and cultivated meat, fish, dairy, and other animal products carries great potential to reduce cruelty and spare millions or even billions of farmed and wild animals.
Legal Resource
1
2
3
…
8
Next
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept