https://aldf.org/privacy-terms/
Skip to main content
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept
the privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Share this page
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share with Email
Print this page
Effective Date: May 2003; Last Updated November 2018.
By visiting aldf.org, you are accepting the practices described in this and all other policies.
This Privacy & Terms of Use Policy applies to the sites where it appears.
Animal Legal Defense Fund values the privacy of our donors. This privacy policy describes how we treat personal information collected on the websites where this policy is located.
We collect information from and about you.
We collect contact information. In some instances, we collect your name and street address if you complete forms on our sites. We may also collect your phone number or email address.
We collect payment information. For example, we collect your credit card number and billing information when you make a donation.
We collect information you submit or post. We collect the information you post in a public space on our sites.
We collect other information. If you use our websites, we collect information about the browser you are using, your operating system, your general location, your ISP information and IP addresses.
We collect information in a variety of ways.
We collect information directly from you. We collect information when you take action with us through our sites and/or donate to our organization. We collect information when you become a member. We also collect information if you contact us through our sites.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. We do this on our websites and in emails that we send to you. We collect information about users over time when you use our websites. This includes usage and browser information. We may have third parties collect personal information this way on our behalf.
We get information about you from third parties. Other organizations may give us information about you. We also collect information from users of third party sites who give us access to their profiles.
We combine information.
We combine information. We combine information that we have collected offline with information we have collected online. We combine information across other third party sites. We combine information across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. We may also combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. We use your information to respond to your questions. This includes questions about our organization or your relationship with us. We use your information to respond to your feedback. We use your information to process your registration with our sites and to let you participate in site features. We also use information to process donations.
We use information to improve our products and services. We use your information to make our websites and products better. We use your information to customize your experience with us.
We use information for marketing purposes. We use collected data to send you information about our organization. We use your information to serve you ads about our products, services, and activities. We will tell you about new features or updates. These may relate to our own organization or other like-minded organizations we think you might find interesting. We do this when legally permitted.
We use information to communicate with you for transactional purposes. We will use your information to communicate with you regarding your donations and any other transactions. We may also use this information to contact you about this Policy or other Terms.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law. We will get your consent for use of your information as required by law.
If you are in the EU, we process your information to perform a contract, based on your consent, or on other legitimate purposes. Our basis for processing your information is typically to perform a contract. Performance of a contract includes responding to your requests. Performance of a contract includes responding to your requests. Where this applies, we may not be able to perform the contract or respond to your request if you do not provide information. We also process information based on consent or for our legitimate purposes.
We share information with third parties.
We share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. We share information with trusted third parties. These include companies who serve as our vendors and help us deliver our products and services to you. We share information with companies that operate our websites.
If you are in Canada, you can contact our Processing Manager, Sandy Haynes, at privacy@aldf.org or by the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy if you want to learn more about how our organization uses your information.
We share information with third parties for their marketing purposes. Such third parties include like-minded organizations whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use the information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising.
We will share information in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. We will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We will share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes U.S. and non-U.S. law enforcement or regulatory authorities.
We will share information with any successor to all or part of our organization. If part of our organization is transferred, we may include individual information as part of that transaction. Where legally required, we will give you prior notice and if you have the legal right to do so, allow you to object.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you as they occur.
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of certain marketing. If you object to our use of your information for direct marketing purposes, please email us at privacy@aldf.org. You may still choose to receive our email Newsletter or Action Alerts, even if you opt out of direct marketing emails.
If you opt out of getting marketing messages, you may continue to receive messages from us about your relationship with us where permitted by law.
You can control if we share information with third parties for their marketing purposes. To opt out of having us share your information with third parties for their promotional purposes, please send a written request to the address below or send an email to privacy@aldf.org.
Animal Legal Defense Fund
c/o Membership Department
525 East Cotati Avenue
Cotati, CA 94931
You can access or update your information. You can contact us at membership@aldf.org or privacy@aldf.org to correct or update your information.
If you are in the EU, you have the right to get a copy of your information and transmit it to another company. We can also send it to the new company for you.
EU users have certain additional rights. These include rights to access, update, or correct your information. These rights may also include requesting a portable copy of your information. These rights may also include requesting that we delete your information or that we restrict how we process your information. This may apply if you contest its accuracy or if the processing is unlawful and you have opposed the erasure of your information. It may also apply if we no longer need your information for the purposes described to you but you require it to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim. It may also apply if you object to profiling or direct marketing. You can also withdraw your consent. (See above for details.) You may also be able to object to having your information used for other purposes. You also have the right to direct complaints about our privacy practices to your local Data Protection Authority. To exercise your rights you can contact us as noted below.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here.
Our websites are not intended for children.
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us at privacy@aldf.org. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy online here.
We take steps to protect the security of your information
We take the security of your data very seriously. We use a variety of generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, firewalls, and encryption technologies – such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect against the unauthorized access of servers, equipment and other components of our databases and online presence, as well as to enable secure transfer of personal and financial information during transactions and secure storage of personal information within these systems. These systems are only accessed by authorized ALDF personnel, and the personnel of the third party providers who store or transmit ALDF data.
However, the internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when providing information over the internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy.
We store information both in and outside of the United States.
If you live outside the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States.
These sites subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. By submitting your information you agree to the processing of it in the U.S. as permitted by law.
Information we collect may be stored both within and outside of the United States.
We may link to other sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms that we DO NOT control.
We may link to third party sites. Our sites may also include third party content that collects information. We do not control these third parties. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites or platforms. Please read other companies’ privacy policies carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third parties.
Our sites may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.
We may update this Policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our websites. Please check our sites periodically for updates.
You can contact us about this policy and your information.
If you have any questions about this Policy or our data practices, please email us at privacy@aldf.org.
If you are in the EU and you have any questions about this Policy or want to access, delete, or correct your information, please email us at privacy@aldf.org or membership@aldf.org</>.
You can also write to us or call at:
Animal Legal Defense Fund
c/o Membership Department
525 East Cotati Avenue
Cotati, CA 94931
707.795.2533 x 1011
If you are in the EU, complaints about our privacy practices may also be directed to your local Data Protection Authority.
Privacy Policy
Ad & Cookie Policy
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept