https://aldf.org/how_we_work/legal-education/
Skip to main content
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept
the privacy policy
Legal Education
Working with law students and law professionals to advance the field of animal law
Share this page
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share with Email
Print this page
The Animal Legal Defense Fund works closely with law students and law professionals to advance the emerging field of animal law. Moving toward the day when animal law is part of the curriculum at each and every law school, the Animal Law Program collaborates with students, faculty, and school administrations to facilitate the development of animal law courses and assists students in forming Animal Legal Defense Fund Student Chapters.
Visit our student chapters page, or signup to join as a law student member today!
In 2008, the Animal Legal Defense Fund launched the Center for Animal Law Studies, a first-of-its-kind collaboration between the Animal Legal Defense Fund and Lewis & Clark Law School. As an academic and practical forum for the burgeoning field of animal law, the Center for Animal Law Studies provides essential programs and services for law students under the guidance of experienced animal law professors and attorneys.
What is “Animal Law”?
Animal law is a combination of statutory and case law in which the nature—legal, social, or biological—of nonhuman animals is an important factor. It encompasses companion animals, wildlife, and animals used in entertainment, research, and raised for food. It permeates and affects most traditional areas of the law—including tort, contract, criminal, trust/estates, family, environmental, administrative, and constitutional law.
Currently, animal law is taught at some of the most reputable and respected law schools in the country—including highly ranked schools such as Harvard, Stanford, UCLA, Northwestern, University of Michigan and Duke.
Questions? Contact the Animal Legal Defense Fund’s Animal Law Program at alp@aldf.org.
Animal Law Academy’s Webinar Series
The Animal Law Academy webinars are an opportunity to hone your skills and gain both practical and substantive knowledge about important issues currently facing animals in the legal system.
Watch a Webinar
Resources
Animal Law Academy
Webinars
Animal Law 101
Related Content
Student Chapters
Student Chapters
Call for Papers
Student Chapters
Animal Law Program Team
Stacey Gordon Sterling
Animal Law Program Director
Nicole Pallotta
Senior Policy Program Manager
Kelly Levenda
Senior Student Programs Attorney
Priscilla Rader Culp
Education Program Manager
Related News
Congratulations to the 2020 Student Chapters of the Year!
These awards celebrate chapters that have shown incredible efforts in advancing animal law and advocating for animals through original projects and initiatives. Animal Legal Defense Fund Student Chapters are a vital part of the growing animal law movement.
November 6, 2020
New California Laws Aim to Save More Companion Animals in Shelters
October 23, 2020
Companion Animals
Islamabad High Court Holds that Animals Have Legal Rights
October 2, 2020
Captive Animals
Wildlife
Congratulations to the 2020 Student Chapters of the Year!
These awards celebrate chapters that have shown incredible efforts in advancing animal law and advocating for animals through original projects and initiatives. Animal Legal Defense Fund Student Chapters are a vital part of the growing animal law movement.
November 6, 2020
News
New California Laws Aim to Save More Companion Animals in Shelters
California Governor Gavin Newsom has signed two bills intended to reduce the killing of adoptable companion animals in the state.
October 23, 2020
Animal Law Update
Islamabad High Court Holds that Animals Have Legal Rights
The Islamabad High Court has held that animals have natural rights and are entitled to protection under the Pakistani constitution. The case before the court was threefold, involving an elephant held in solitary confinement at a zoo, a rescued bear who had been forced to “dance” and perform tricks, and the killing of stray dogs.
October 2, 2020
Animal Law Update
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept