https://aldf.org/intellectual-property-terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept
the privacy policy
Intellectual Property Terms of Use
Share this page
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share with Email
Print this page
The Animal Legal Defense Fund (“ALDF”) is the sole owner and operator of aldf.org (the “Site”). The Site and its entire contents, features, and functionality are owned by ALDF, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights laws. Use of the Site signifies your agreement to all terms and conditions of use.
Site Use
Unless otherwise specified, Site content may be copied, reproduced, and distributed only for non-commercial educational or personal purposes as long as the use is consistent with ALDF’s mission to encourage education and dialogue regarding the protection of animals and advancing their interests through the legal system. Any reproduced content must include the following notice:
Copyright owned by and reprinted with permission of the Animal Legal Defense Fund. All rights reserved.
Except as expressly outlined in this section, Site content may not be copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, publicly displayed, downloaded, stored, or distributed without the prior written approval of ALDF.
Reliance on Site Information
While ALDF makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on the Site, ALDF does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such information. The Site information is provided as general information only and is not intended nor shall be construed as legal advice. Only a licensed attorney can provide legal advice. Use of any Site information is strictly voluntary and at your own risk and any reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review by qualified experts. ALDF is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of the use of any information contained on this Site.
The Site may include content provided by third parties. All statements and/or opinions expressed in such content are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing the content and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of ALDF. ALDF is not responsible or liable for such third-party content or its accuracy.
User Contributions
The Site may contain message boards, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Site.
User Contributions must not:
Violate any applicable laws and regulations.
Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence or discrimination.
Infringe any intellectual property or other rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by ALDF or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Any User Contribution will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution, you grant ALDF and its affiliates, service providers, licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. You also represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant such license.
ALDF is not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions.
ALDF has the right to take any action with respect to any User Contribution that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion, including the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Site. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ALDF AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
ALDF assumes no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. ALDF has no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Site (collectively the “Trademarks”) are owned by ALDF or its affiliates or licensors. You may not use the Trademarks without the express written permission of ALDF. Misuse of any Trademarks is prohibited, and ALDF will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights in such Trademarks, including via civil and criminal proceedings.
The following is a non-exhaustive list of ALDF’s Trademarks:
Animal Legal Defense Fund®
ALDF®
Student Animal Legal Defense Fund®
SALDF®
Animal Bill of Rights®
National Justice for Animals Week®
Winning the Case Against Cruelty®
We May Be the Only Lawyers on Earth Whose Clients Are All Innocent®
State Animal Protection Laws Rankings
Future of Animal Law Conference
Abuse an Animal, Go to Jail
Contact support@aldf.org for any questions about these terms and conditions of use or to report any violations.
We use cookies to help ensure the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
I accept