https://allstatesnotary.com/privacy
818-245-1345   info@allstatesnotary.com
Home
About Us
Services
Request A Notary
Los Angeles Notaries
Nationwide Notaries
Apostille
Attorney Fingerprinting
Live Scan Fingerprinting
Our Team
For Notaries
Register With Us
Info For Notaries
Become A Notary
Notary Supplies & Courses
State Notary Agencies
Resources
Industry Update
News
Testimonials
Testimonials
Submit Testimonial
Contact
Privacy
HomePrivacy
Privacy
admin1@allstatesnotary.com
2018-08-29T01:02:21+00:00
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. All States Notary, Inc. is committed to preserving your privacy and safeguarding your information online. The following notice describes the general information-gathering and usage practices of this website.
What information do we collect?
We collect personally identifiable information from you when you register on our website, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
As appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, fax number, or credit card information. We may also ask for additional information, such as secondary phone numbers, secondary addresses, languages spoken, experience, availability, fees, equipment, insurance, etc. as well as data specific to services rendered, such as loan package reference numbers, borrower information, lender information, etc. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
To contact you for assignments.
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information about our company, services, products, and projects, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do you manage your personal information?
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
How do we protect your information?
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, part of our site will not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address, etc,), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level, etc.). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Third party links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 10/29/2010
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
All States Notary, Inc.1010 N. Central Ave.Glendale, CA 91202
818-245-1345
Facebook
Book an appointment online for our Notary or Live Scan Services Book An Appointment