https://amandanorman.com/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliance
This Privacy Policy describes how and when I collect, use, and share information when you purchase an item from me or contact me.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that I do not own or control.
Information I Collect
In order to contact Amanda, you will need to provide consent for her to store and use your personal information to get back in touch with you. She will not send or share your data with any 3rd-parties
To fulfill your order, you must provide me with certain information such as your name, email address, postal address, payment information, and the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to provide me with additional personal information (for a custom order, your choice of print and frame for example), if you contact me directly.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Why I Need Your Information and How I Use It
I rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
– as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
– if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and
– as necessary for the purpose of my legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as
– 1) providing and improving my services. I use your information to provide the services you requested and in my legitimate interest to improve my services
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
Compliance with laws. I may collect, use, retain, and share your information if I have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce my agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of my customers, or others
Visitor comments are checked through an automated spam detection service.
I will not share or send your data with any third party
Data Retention
I retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements. I generally keep your data for the following time period: 4 years.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU
I don’t transfer personal information outside the EU
Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. I describe these rights below:
Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information I hold about you by contacting me using the contact information below.
Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict my use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where I am required to store data for legal reasons) I will generally delete your personal information upon request.
Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about my use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
How to Contact Me
For purposes of EU data protection law, I, Amanda Norman, am the data controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact using the details below: –
Amanda Norman Photography
Flat 2, 43 Huskisson St, Liverpool, L8 7LW
Telephone: +447916543785
Email: Click Here
Copyright
Amanda Norman Photography takes the theft of her original work very seriously and would draw to your attention that it is protected under UK copyright law. Please note, Amanda Norman Photography always sue for compensation if any part of her website, design whether text or images, are found being used without prior authorisation in writing.
Earlier photography works are not always watermarked with her details but the same terms and conditions apply.
Use of Photography
Express written permission must be sought from Amanda Norman Photography.
Links
Amanda Norman Photography includes links to third parties’ external websites; Amanda Norman Photography have no influence on the contents thereof. Amanda Norman can, therefore, accept no liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is responsible on principle for the contents of linked websites. Linked sites are investigated for possible legal violations at the time of linking. However, we cannot be expected to monitor the contents of linked sites continually if there has been no suggestion of concrete legal violations. Should we become aware of such legal violations we shall remove the links immediately.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Information About Cookies and Your Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU Privacy and Communications Directive). This includes information submitted voluntarily by you through a form or gathered automatically as you visit this website.
You should not submit any sensitive or private information through this website except through acknowledged secure areas. The owners of this website accept no responsibility for data submitted through insecure areas of this website.
By submitting your contact details to us, we may contact you or send you marketing materials. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.
This website uses cookies which are stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser settings to prevent this happening.  However, by disabling cookies, or certain types of cookie, you may hinder your user experience on this and other websites, or prevent them from working entirely.
Some cookies used on this website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Some cookies used on this website collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Some cookies used on this website allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
Cookies may also be used to improve the user experience and to enable some of the functionality provided by this website.
Please note that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions (or other services) for us. Cookies are used on this website for the following third party services: Google Analytics, LinkedIn Follow button, Facebook Like Button, Twitter Follow button, Google +1 button, AddThis social bookmarking tool, YouTube videos. Some of these services may be used to track your behaviour on other websites and we have no control over this.
By continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser’s cookie settings, you agree that we can place these cookies on your device.
As is true with most websites, our server will automatically log data regarding each visit such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may use this information to monitor server errors, server administration or to monitor visitor behaviour. It is not possible for this to be disabled on a per-user basis so you must leave this website (and the internet entirely) if you do not agree to this happening.
This privacy policy applies to this website only and does not apply to any websites that this website may link to.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Please refer to the Google Advertising Privacy Notice for more information about tracking cookies for Google Adwords & Google Analytics.
Disclosing Information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties except when we need to do so in order to complete the transaction – e.g. when arranging for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered. We may also use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this website to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent.
We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties – for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form, but we will not use any information that could identify those individuals.
Comments are closed.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Shadows of Heysham
Live life for today
How I Long for Heysham
Ruins of Moreton Corbet
Burwell Church in Lincolnshire
Categories
Interests
Mental Health
Projects
Travels
Gemstone HealingGemstone and Tarot, holistic shop in LiverpoolTagsAbbey
Acomb
Amanda Norman
Bess of Hardwick
Bill Oberst Jr
Castle
Church
Depression
Devil
Devil's Finger
Duke of Buckingham
George Villiers
Ghost of Thomas Hobbes
Ghosts
Graveyard Photographs
Hammer Horror
Hardwick Old Hall
Haunted
Haunted Liverpool
Helmsley Castle
Heysham
Ingrid Pitt
Jet
Liverpool
Lydiate
Lydiate Abbey
Lydiate Hall
Mental Health
Mr Barlow
Nursery Rhyme
Pagan
Rievaulx Abbey
Rudston Monolith
Ruin
Ruins
Stephen Harper
St James Cemetery
St Michaels Church
The Peak District
Tomb
Tony Longworth
Vampire
Whitby Abbey
Within Darkness
Yorkshire
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks