http://amberskyline.com/treasuremaps/privacy-terms-of-use
Treasure Maps Genealogy
Genealogy and Family Tree How-to Help
Helpful & Free Since 1995
Click to continue...
Popular Genealogy Tutorials
Home / Start Page
Ancestors
Ancestry
Census
Coat of Arms
Family History
Family Tree
Family Tree Maker
Free Genealogy
Genealogy
Geneology
Genealogy Forms
Genealogy Books
Genealogy Videos
Genealogy Images
Getting Started
Get Organized
Research Outlines
Old Handwriting
Surnames
Tombstone Rubbings
US Census
Treasure Maps Genealogy's Profile
Treasure Maps Feed
Recent Blog Posts
A Fun Family History Writing Project - Seven Chapters in Your Life Story
How to Customize Your Own GENEALOGY Personal Planner
Grandmas Apron Poem
WHY Are You Interested in Genealogy and Family History?
What's the Best Genealogy Software?
How Do You Feel about Facebook - Waste of Time or Great Genealogy 2.0 Online Social Tool?
Your Ancestry.com Experiences - Good or Bad?
Genealogy Search Sites - The Bait and Switch
An Easy Way to Create Genealogy Family Books that You Can Share with Your Family
Use this Wonderful, Online Tool / Service to FINALLY Write Your Life Story
Free Original Genealogy Records from FamilySearch New Pilot Site
3 Tips to Help You Easily Write YOUR Life Story
If You Could Ask Any Ancestor One Question - Who and What Would it Be?
A Family History Scrapbook and Digital Scrapbooking
Free Genealogy Charts and Forms update
Beware of these 3 Fraudulent Genealogy sites
How to Search the Free Genealogy Databases on World Vital Records
Try these 3 Searches for Fun Genealogy Stuff...and don't forget Your Surname
Some Favorite FUN Genealogy Products
Genealogy and Family History - Old Family Letters, Diaries, and Journals
Family History Project - You Can Create and Publish Your Own Family Newsletter
A Million Dollars to Do Your Family’s Genealogy Research?
Why You Should Research Your Family History AND Your Family HEALTH History
Feedback from Readers Who Created Their Own Genealogy Books
Classic Interview with Cyndi Howells, Creator of Cyndi's List
How to Easily Create Your Own Genealogy Books Using Your Computer and Your Kitchen Table
3 Basic Genealogy Search Tips that Will Save You Headaches Along the Way
Why Ready, Fire, Aim Genealogy Research Can Be a Good Thing
Genealogy and Family Tree Research - Your Two Most Important Genealogy Forms
The Natural Approach to Oral History Interviews Part 2
The Natural Approach to Oral History Interviews Part 1
A Google Search Tip that Every Genealogy and Family Tree Researcher Should Know
Use Project Gutenberg to Get Free Online Public Domain Books that Can Help with Your Genealogy Research
Bidding wars on hot genealogy items on eBay
Inspiration For You to Keep a Personal Journal
Pages
Home
About Robert Ragan
How to Bring the Genealogy Goodies TO You
Privacy / Terms of Use
Blog Categories
Cool Genealogy Stuff
Genealogy 2.0
Genealogy Books
Genealogy Databases
Genealogy Forms
Genealogy on eBay
Genealogy Products
Genealogy Search
Genealogy Software
Social Media Genealogy
Your Family History
Your Personal History
Your Personal Journal
Privacy / Terms of Use
Privacy Policy - Treasure Maps Genealogy Site
Treasure Maps Genealogy Web site is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our Web site. You can access http://amberskyline.com/treasuremaps/ and browse our site without disclosing any of your personal data. Treasure Maps Genealogy Web site does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless it is knowingly provided by the individual and he or she has agreed to the terms under which
The only e-mail sent from our Web site is in response to an inquiry that you may send us or as a result of joining our Treasure Maps opt-in e-mail newsletter list.
Copyright Notice
All materials contained in this Web site are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, displayed, or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written permission of Robert Ragan. We have staff members who routinely check for copyright violations and content duplication. Disclosure of Your Information
Treasure Maps Genealogy Web site will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We may use IP addresses to compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic patterns, and administer the site.
This statistical information may also be related to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We collect only the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Spam
NO spam is tolerated.
Treasure Maps Genealogy Web site / Robert Ragan does not intentionally send unsolicited e-mail messages that could legitimately be construed as spam.
Treasure Maps genealogy e-mail newsletter is sent only to an opt-it list and subscribers can easily unsubscribe at any time.
Empower and Protect Your Children: Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
COPPA: This site complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. This site is not specifically directed to children under 18. If this site has been informed or unintentionally collected or received information from a child under 18, we will immediately delete such information from our databases. This site shall not knowingly distribute any personally identifiable information erroneously collected from children under 18. About External Web Sites
Please note that Treasure Maps Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site that you read the privacy statements of each web site that might collect personally identifying information. This privacy statement applies solely to Treasure Maps site.
Terms of Use - Treasure Maps Genealogy Site
The information on Treasure Maps Web site is designed to help you make informed decisions about genealogy information to help you with your personal family history research and genealogy products and services. We try our best to make sure that the information that we provide you is accurate.
However, Treasure Maps Genealogy Web site / Robert Ragan is not liable for any losses or damages that may occur through your use of any information or products that you obtain through this Web site or any of our affiliated Web sites. As in all matters related to your well being, you should consult with your attorney or accountant before making any decision that could adversely impact you.
We are interested in your opinion about Treasure Maps Web site and its usefulness. Please contact me with any questions, comments or suggestions (or even complaints). Please contact: robert AT(remove the AT) amberskyline.com
Treasure Maps Genealogy contains advertising and some affiliate links which helps to compensate me for my time and keep the blog running. I can earn commission if you buy through my affiliate links. However, that does not in anyway influence the content of the blog. Whatever I have posted is accurate based on my own knowledge and belief. Treasure Maps Genealogy however advises the reader to do due diligence before making any purchase decision based on my recommendation.
Treasure Maps Genealogy is powered by WordPress | Using Tiga theme with a bit of Ozh + WP 2.2 / 2.3 Tiga Upgrade