https://amvets.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AMVETS strives to protect the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from members, supporters, and others who donate or become members of AMVETS, those who otherwise communicate with AMVETS through all of our communication channels, as well as those visitors to our Website. We have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us and that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, postal address, telephone number(s), email address, or any other information, provided to us by our members, supporters and Website visitors (hereinafter “Personal Information”), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer or Google Chrome), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Microsoft Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., AT&T or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited (hereinafter “Aggregate Data”).
This policy also applies when you use social media that overlaps AMVETS’ social media and/or website.
This policy does not apply to information or data AMVETS purchases from other sources.
AMVETS uses its best efforts to not share information it collects from those persons it provides services to (commonly referred to as “members”).
See our Donor Privacy Policy for how we use information we collect through social media fundraising efforts, including, but not limited to mobile giving, email, and similar mobile text to give programs.
This policy will be updated periodically, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. The most recent date the privacy policy was updated is provided at the top of the page. By submitting your personal information to us, you consent and agree that AMVETS may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
AMVETS’s Collection and Use of Personal Information:
AMVETS collects Personal Information supplied to us voluntarily by members, supporters, volunteers, and visitors to this Website.
We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests, to improve our services and to provide our services, or to contact you for future support. To utilize certain features of our site or receive information from AMVETS or make a donation, you may choose to provide Personal Information. If you do submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted and by providing it, you are consenting to such use. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other AMVETS activities and/or fundraising or membership communications, to conduct matching on Facebook or other social media, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection and/or this policy.
If you supply the AMVETS with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic postal mailings from us providing information on veterans` benefits, AMVETS services, or our funding needs. If you do not wish to receive such postal mailings, please let the AMVETS know by sending e-mail to amvets -at- amvets -dot- org, calling us at 301-459-9600, or writing to us at the above mailing address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. Please provide this same information if you wish AMVETS to delete you name from lists of postal addresses we may share with other organizations; we will be sure your name is removed from any such lists.
AMVETS does not rent or sell the names of its members to other organizations. In the case of AMVETS-related co-branded promotions that support the fulfillment of AMVETS’s mission permits mailings to its members, but does not provide any of their information directly to the promotion partner. Rather, the mailings are produced and sent by a third-party mailing company selected by AMVETS.
The member information provided to the mailing company is, at all times, subject to strict non-disclosure requirements.
AMVETS uses third-party vendors to provide services on this Website and in offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site or through other communications may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating fundraising activities, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.
Other than as described in this privacy policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of our organization or others, or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, AMVETS will not give or sell the Personal Information you provide online.
AMVETS uses the non-personally identifiable Aggregate Data information to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable AMVETS to personalize your Internet experience.
AMVETS may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services to fit your needs.
Also, AMVETS shares this Aggregate Data with AMVETS’ related entities, advertisers, partners, and/or other third-party vendors.
AMVETS shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Use of Email Address and Cellular Telephone Numbers:
When you become a member or donate to AMVETS or sign up on our Website, or complete some other data form, you will be asked to supply your email address and/or telephone number(s).
You may also participate in texting or similar mobile programs of the AMVETS, including text to give fundraising activities.
By providing your email address and/or your cellular telephone number, you are consenting to receive membership, fundraising, and other contacts from AMVETS.
AMVETS does not sell or rent your email address or telephone number to any third party.
Email addresses and telephone numbers provided to AMVETS are only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails or mobile communications and to contracted service providers and vendors for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
AMVETS complies with those provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act applicable to charitable organizations.
All email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from AMVETS email. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to AMVETS at any time by contacting AMVETS or by giving a notice by United States mail to the following address at the end of this policy.
Please see our Donor Privacy Policy which compliments this general privacy policy in terms of how we use other Personal Information collected from members and donors to AMVETS.
Your California Privacy Rights:
Residents of California with whom AMVETS has an established business relationship, are entitled to certain information with respect to the types of personal information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
Please review this privacy policy closely for information on how we share such information.
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by AMVETS pursuant to California law, please contact us.
User Submissions:
AMVETS welcomes your comments and participation on its site.
However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of AMVETS.
By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.
As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.
Therefore, do not impersonate another person and not transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner of have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you won them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.
You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to AMVETS through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, and not in violation of any other third party’s rights.
Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of AMVETS and that AMVETS has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind.
Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted AMVETS a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed. AMVETS shall have the right to sublicense its rights.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
Our website server uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption on all forms that capture information entered on our web pages. Furthermore, when you make a donation to AMVETS using a credit card, the credit card information is transferred under SSL encryption to Charity Engine (GeoTrust, Inc), our transaction partner.
The credit card information is not stored by AMVETS.
SSL technology is the industry standard used to protect personal information on the internet.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which AMVETS has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours. Links to other Websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those Websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site.
Contacting the Web Site and/or AMVETS:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
AMVETS National Headquarters
4794 Forbes Blvd
Lanham, MD
Phone: (301) 459-9600
Email: amvets -at- amvets -dot- org
Binding Effect/Modification of Policy and Terms
By accessing the AMVETS Website, you agree that the terms, combined with your act of using the Website and/or services offered on or through the Website have the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature, including any applicable stature of frauds.
You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability or admissibility of the terms on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized.
In addition, you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to print the terms.
AMVETS may change this Privacy Policy and its Terms of Use at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy and Terms of Use on the Website.
Your continued viewing of or use of this Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
Opt-out/Contact AMVETS:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact AMVETS at the postal and email address, and at the telephone number, that follows.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or should you wish to opt-out of having your information shared by AMVETS, please contact AMVETS at the below address or phone number or submit your request via email to AMVETS:
AMVETS National Headquarters
4647 Forbes Blvd
Lanham, MD 20706
Phone: (301) 459-9600
Fax: (301) 459-20706
Email: amvets -at- amvets -dot- org
We will act on all opt-out requests as soon as possible, but please bear in mind that many mail communications are created months ahead of time.
If you would like to review your personal information we maintain or request a correction, please contact us via email or by calling (301) 459-9600.