https://ancpr.org/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last updated: February 18, 2019
An Cpr (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the An Cpr website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://ancpr.org
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Eric
Eric Desiree is a graduate of Bachelor of Arts in Communication. He started his career as a Public Relations Officer in a law firm in Los Angeles California. Currently, he is the managing editor of ANCPR.
Related Articles
Pets
Care of an Undernourished Cat
Posted on June 20, 2020September 28, 2020 Author Eric
Many a times, you are attracted to a stray animal wandering outside without any master. You may feel to take care of that strange visitor. Very well, you can rise up to the occasion to the duty to love animals but at the same time must be aware of the health hazards associated with such […]
Arts and Entertainment
Guide
Music
Trumpet Music- Makes Your World Go Round
Posted on July 6, 2020June 20, 2020 Author Eric
This is going to be an interesting article and most readers are going to enjoy its content as it might give them a general idea of what to do in life and it isn’t about career prospects but an option to choose from the many out there. Sometimes, we are so worked out and tired […]
Health and Fitness
Yoga For Back – Alleviating The Back Pain And Increases Flexibility
Posted on December 30, 2019December 25, 2019 Author Eric
Yoga for Back Tension – After having my children I began having constant back pain that generated from my sciatic nerve. There were days I was having difficulty caring for my children let a lone walking. I began to see a massage therapist and worked my way to a chiropractor a couple times. Though sessions […]
Post navigation
Terms and Conditions
Search for:
Recent Posts
Male Cosmetic Surgery Implants – What Are The Implants!!
What Type Of Training Do Chiropractors Receive
Bed Bugs Unexpected Christmas Gift
Facial Care For Women 2O Years Of Age To 40 Years
How To Manage Diabetes With Exercise
Recent CommentsArchives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
Categories
Amazon
Android
Appliance
Arts and Entertainment
Bags
Bankruptcy
Beauty
Blog
Bowling Tips
Business
Car Care
cbd
Collections
Computer and Technology
Cosmetic Surgery
Crowdfunding Platform
Data Virtulization
Dating
Dental care
Dieting
DIY
Dollar
Electronics
Entertainment
Exercise
Facial Care
Fashion
Finance
Fitness
Furniture
Gaming
Gardening
Guide
Health
Health and Fitness
Home Diy
Home Improvement
How-To
Information Directories
Insurance
Internet
Jewellery
Kids
Learning
Legal Info
Lifestyle
Lords Mobile
Marketing
Marketing Direct
Medical
Men
Mobile Computing
Money
Muscle Building
Music
Nature
News
Online Shopping
Our Picks
Personal Finance
Pets
Power Saws
Product Reviews
Relationship
Savings
SEO Tricks
Shopping and Product reviews
Skin care
Social Media
Software
Style
Tech
Tips
Trading
Travel
Treatment
Vaping
Video Game
VPN
Wealth
Website
Weight Loss
Women