https://angelsarms.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Generally
This website is owned and operated by Angels’ Arms, Inc., a nonprofit corporation located in St. Louis, MO. Angels’ Arms endeavors to protect the privacy of visitors to this website. This privacy policy discloses how information provided by website users is collected, protected, and used. By using the pages on the website, you agree to and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. There may be changes to this policy; however, we will treat all personal information collected in accordance with the privacy notice in effect at the time the information is collected.
Collection of Personal Information
Angels’ Arms does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. In other words, Angels’ Arms does not require that you register or provide information to generally view the website. Angels’ Arms collects personal information such as names, addresses, zip codes, and e-mail addresses voluntarily submitted. This information is used solely by Angels’ Arms. Angels’ Arms does not sell this information to third parties. However, such information may be shared with third parties (i) when we are authorized to share it; (ii) as necessary for operation of the website, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) when required by law.
Cookies
Some information may be automatically collected by Angels’ Arms through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the website, and allow the website to track usage and compile nonspecific information for content improvement. Most browsers allow user to deny or accept the cookie feature.
Links
This website may be linked to other sites and services that are not maintained by Angels’ Arms. These other sites may have their own privacy policies and Angels’ Arms disclaims all responsibility for such linked websites. These links are available solely for the convenience of and information of users of Angels’ Arms website.
Our Security Safeguard
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost concern to us. We ensure the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures are in place to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Contacting Angels’ Arms
Angels’ Arms
12128A Tesson Ferry Road
St. Louis, MO 63128
Phone: 314-842-8400
Email: info@angelsarms.org
To Top