https://anglican.org.au/privacy-statement/
About us
Anglican Church of Australia
Anglican Communion
Primate and Bishops
What we believe
General Synod Office
Work Opportunities
Anglican Church Community
Dioceses and Parishes
Anglican Schools
Anglican Religious Life
Community Services
Licensed Clergy
Ministry Organisations
Theological Education
Governance
Constitution
Canons and Rules
Primate
Standing Committee
Corporate Trustees
Reporting Groups
Tribunals
Anglican Long Service Leave Fund
The General Synod
General Synod Sessions
Standing Orders
Search Resolutions of GS Sessions
Members Login to GS18 Portal
Our Work
Children and Youth Ministry
Community & Education Services
Defence Force Ministry
Doctrine & Theology
Ecumenical Relations
Family Violence
Indigenous Ministry
Liturgy & Worship
Mission & Ministry
National Redress Scheme
Refugees & Migrants
Royal Commission
Safe Ministry
Social Issues & Public Affairs
News and Media
Australian Church News
Anglican Communion News Service (ACNS)
Anglican Media Sites
Events
Resources
Recommended National Guidelines – COVID-19
Legislation
Previous Task Forces & Working Groups
Coat of Arms
Home / Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Anglican Church of Australia General Synod Office Privacy Statement
The General Synod Office respects your privacy.
We are bound by the 2012 amendments to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act), which include the Australian Privacy Principles.
The General Synod Office is the national office of the Anglican Church of Australia and provides administrative, secretarial and business support services to the General Synod of the Church and employs persons for this purpose. It maintains records concerned with the functioning of the church nationally. These records include contact details of members of General Synod and of its Commissions, Committees, Working Groups, Task Forces, and other bodies as deemed necessary from time to time.
We usually collect personal information from members of General Synod which is limited to detailed contact information including name, mailing address, telephone and facsimile numbers and email address. Further detailed information may berequested from members and others offering themselves for election or appointment to a Commission, Committee, Working Group, Task Force, or other body of General Synod. In the case of employees additional personal information includingemployment history, qualifications, medical history, personal interests and religious affiliation, may also be collected with their consent.
We will not provide contact details of General Synod members to any external third party. We may share your information with other members of General Synod and its subsidiary bodies, particularly if you are elected or appointed to any Commission, Committee, Working Group, Task Force, or other body. We will handle such personal information in accordance with the standards set out in our Privacy Policy.
We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our office and password protection on our hardware to prevent unauthorised access.
Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the employee records exemption contained in the Privacy Act.
Generally, you have a right to access personal information we hold about you. If we deny your request in some circumstances we will tell you why. Please contact the General Secretary by telephone on 02 8267 2700 or by writing to the General Synod Office, Suite 4, Level 5 189 Kent Street Sydney NSW 2000 or by email to reception@anglican.org.au to ask for access to your personal information, if you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal information, or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy, other members of the Anglican Church of Australia or our third party service providers, agents or contractors.
CONTACT THE GENERAL SYNOD OFFICE
Suite 4, Level 5, 189 Kent Street Sydney, NSW 2000 Ph: +61 2 8267 2700 Fax: +61 2 8267 2727 Email: gsoffice@anglican.org.au