http://animalplace.org/donate-privacy-policy/
Pages Navigation Menu
Media CenterHome
COVID-19
About
Meet The Staff
Our Mission
History
Campaigns
Food for Thought
Free for Life
Contact Us
Visit
Tours
Guest House
Upcoming Events
Directions
Animals
Learn The Issues
Cows
Pigs
Turkeys
Goats
Chickens
Sheep
Rabbits
Donkeys
Rescue & Adopt
Farmed Animal Adoption
Dog Adoption
Placement Assistance
Rescues
Get Involved
Volunteer
Internships
Job Openings
Stay in Touch
Try Vegan
Donate
Donate Now
Monthly Donation
Workplace Giving
Donate Your Birthday
Sponsor An Animal
Planned Giving
Gift In Honor
Financial Information
Privacy Policy
Shop
Animal Place’s Shop
Panda Bob Shirt
Home » Donate – Privacy Policy
Donate – Privacy Policy
Like This? Share This!Facebook0Twitter0
Privacy Policy
Animal Place understands and shares your concern regarding the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. This policy tells you how we use and maintain the privacy of personal information we collect in connection with Animal Place’s websites, including animalplace.org, foodforthoughtcampaign.org, henrescuers.org, freeforlife.org, sanctuaries.org, veganrepublicstore.org, animalplacerescueranch.org (the “Sites”). By using the Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites.
INFORMATION ANIMAL PLACE COLLECTS
Animal Place collects two types of information about visitors to the Sites: (i) personal information you provide voluntarily, and (ii) tracking data, which may be automatically collected from visitors to the Sites.
(i) Personal Information
There are various ways in which you may voluntarily provide personal information through our Sites, such as your name, postal address, and email address. You may provide this information when you are signing up to receive updates, creating a user account, making a donation, ordering merchandise, registering for an event, requesting information, providing feedback, applying for a job, volunteer position, or internship, booking a stay in our accommodations, or responding to an action alert.  If you are purchasing something or making a donation, you may be asked to provide your credit card information. This is collected with your knowledge and permission.
If you contact us directly, we may keep a record of your correspondence, including personal information you provide.
If you leave comments on our Sites, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also your IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. (Note if you upload images to the Sites, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) because other visitors may be able to download and extract location data from the images).
(ii) Tracking Data
Tracking data is information we may collect automatically from visitors to the Sites, such as their browser type, operating system, internet service provider or referring site through cookies and other means. Tracking data includes aggregate information, such as the total number of page visits or visits to the Sites, and the average time spent on individual pages on the Sites.
BASIS FOR PROCESSING DATA
We process your personal information (meaning, we collect, record, store, use, disclose information), only when one or more of the following bases applies:
You have consented to the processing;
The processing is necessary to perform a contract/transaction;
The processing is necessary to provide services through our Sites;
The processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; and/or,
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of any third-party recipients that receive your personal data (as detailed below).
HOW ANIMAL PLACE USES YOUR INFORMATION
Animal Place uses information in various ways, including:
To send you updates about Animal Place campaigns, rescues, and events;
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, and provide membership services;
To accept payment for, ship, and send you confirmation of your merchandise orders;
To manage and process your internship or job application;
To remember your online profile and preferences;
To personalize web and email content based on your interests and send you invitations to events in your area;
To send you administrative information such as updates to our terms; and,
To perform data analysis, and measure and improve the effectiveness of our campaigns and Sites.
SHARING INFORMATION
There are some circumstances in which Animal Place may share your information:
We share the personal information you provide us with our third-party service providers as necessary for the provision of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and similar services. We take reasonable measures to ensure these third parties are protecting your information.
The name and postal address you provide Animal Place becomes part of Animal Place’s mailing list, which is occasionally made available to reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations and commercial companies.
We do not sell or rent your telephone number or email address. We may occasionally send you emails with information from reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations and commercial companies, but we do not provide those entities your email address or phone number.
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymized information and analytics that do not specifically identify you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Animal Place is based in the United States. By accessing our Sites and submitting your personal information, you consent to having your information stored and used in the United States as described in this policy, and you consent to having your information transferred to the United States if you are outside the United States.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of data stored on your device that does not itself contain personal information. You can configure your browser to refuse cookies, although some pages may not function properly if you do so.
If you leave a comment on our Sites, you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies for your own convenience, so you do not have to fill in your details next time you leave a comment.
If you have an account, when you log in to our Sites we may set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. You can also choose to remain logged in by selecting “Remember Me” or “Keep Me Logged In” which generates additional cookies to save your login information and screen display choices. You can remove these cookies at any time by logging out.
Animal Place and its third-party vendors such as Google, Facebook, and other social networks, may also use cookies to provide you personalized content and targeted advertising. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to anonymously collect information about the use of our Sites and report website trends, without identifying individual visitors. We also use Google AdWords which place cookies on web browsers in order to serve tailored ads based on your page views. These cookies do not identify you or provide access to your computer. You can manage the use of third-party cookies at www.aboutads.info/choices. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and you can manage your Google privacy settings by going to https://myaccount.google.com/opt out.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Articles on our Sites may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if you visited the other website. Our Sites also link to third-party websites. Though we carefully choose our third-party links, we cannot be responsible for the content of third party websites you visit, or their privacy policies. Third party websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with embedded content, including tracking your interaction with embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Since we cannot control third-party sites, please read the individual privacy policies posted on the sites prior to use.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We are committed to protecting your privacy and take reasonable steps to protect the security of your information. To protect the data you submit to us via the internet, secure forms and encryption technology are in place for transactions on our Sites.
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory or internal policy requirements, or until you request the deletion of your data.
YOUR RIGHTS
You can unsubscribe from our communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any correspondence from us, or by contacting us using any of the following methods. You can update or correct your data at any time by logging into your profile or contacting us using any of the following methods. If you wish to have your name added to our do-not-share list, or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Send an email to info@animalplace.org
Send written correspondence to:
Animal Place
17314 McCourtney Road
Grass Valley, CA 95949
Call 530-477-1757
If you have an account on our Sites, or have left comments, you can also use the above contact information to request an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
CHILDREN
Portions of the Sites may contain content directed at children. Children should make sure their parents, or the adults who are caring for them, know they are using the Sites and have consented to Animal Place’s limited collection and use of their personal information, and to this privacy policy. In the event that Animal Place learns that it has collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any personal information from a child under 13 without parental consent, please contact us using the contact information above.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
Animal Place may amend this privacy policy at any time in its discretion and will post the amended policy on this page noting the date updates were made, and will also post a link to the policy on the Animal Place animalplace.org. Any changes to this privacy policy are effective when the revised privacy policy is posted. Your continued use of the Sites following these changes indicates your acceptance of the revised privacy policy.
Recent News
A Bird of Courage
Adoption Coordinator
Investigation reveals cruelty from Samuel’s past
Meet Molly and Melody!
Join The E-news List
Click Here To Join!
Connect With Us
Like Us On Facebook
Animal Place is a tax-exempt non-profit, federal EIN #68-0200668.