https://animalcenter.org/about/privacy-policy
Menu
Donate
Adopt
Adopt a Pet
Adoptable Dogs
Adoptable Cats
Be a Pet Foster Parent
For Adopters Only!
Stories and Adoption Photos
Success Stories
Follow The Litter
Kitten Happy Hour
Ask the Trainer
Adoption FAQs
Lost and Found Pets
Get Involved
Donate
General Donation
2020 Holiday Gift Guide
Wish List
Donate Your Car
Planned Giving Opportunities
Campaign for Caring
Help Orphan Pets While You Shop!
Host a Fundraising Event
Fundraising Tips For Kids
I Remember You Memorial Candles
Volunteer
Sign Up Today!
Become a Pet Foster Volunteer
Paw Partners
Business Buddies
Programs
Pets Without Walls
Education
Birthday Parties
After School Enrichment
School Support
Wild Winter
Virtual Education
Critter-grams
Picture Pawfect
Kids’ Camps
You Can Be a Veterinarian Camp
Animal Care Camp
Winter Critter Camp
MLK Day Critter Camp
Interactive Animal Encounters
Girl Scout Programs
Boy Scout Programs
DogSmart
SnakeSmart
Paws and Pages
Programs For Schools
Outreaches at Your School
School Field Trips
Millie the Miracle Goat
Driving Directions to Education
Therapeutic Riding
Prospective Therapeutic Riding Clients
Current Therapeutic Riding Clients and Volunteers
Benefits of Therapeutic Riding
Therapeutic Riding Staff
Our Horses
Pet Encounter Therapy
AniMeals
AniMeals Relief
Drop-off Locations
Business of Saving Lives Workshops
Services
Club Pet Boarding
Dog Boarding
Cat Boarding
Small Animal and Bird Boarding
Pet Day Care
Dog Training
Equine Hospital
Companion Animal Hospital
Stores and Shopping
Orphaned Objects
Paws in the Ranch
Official Merchandise
Dog Training
Events
Virtual Fling 2020
Home 4 The Holidays
2020 Election for Mayor
Pet Calendar
Surf Dog Surf-A-Thon
Dog Surf Lessons
PAWmicon
HOPE Now
Remember Me Thursday
Event Calendar
News
Receive Our Newsletter
Success Stories
Follow The Litter
Kitten Happy Hour
In The Media
Press Releases
The Companion Quarterly
Our Blog
Fun Features
Healthcare Heroes
Sit, Stay, Home Photo Contest
Critter Olympics
About
About Helen Woodward Animal Center
Hours of Operation
Contact Us
Employment
Our Founder
Our Board and Financials
Our Management Team
Our President
Annual Reports
Privacy Policy
Donate
Menu
Donate
Privacy Policy
About Helen Woodward Animal Center
Privacy Policy
About Helen Woodward Animal Center
Contact Us
Hours of Operation
Our Founder
Our Board and Financials
Our Management Team
Our President
Helen Woodward In The Media
Annual Reports
Employment
Privacy Policy
Helen Woodward Animal Center Privacy Policy
Last modified:  August 1, 2018
1.  Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes how Helen Woodward Animal Center collects and uses Personal Data about you when you register or make a donation at an event, through the use of our Websites, and through email, text, and other electronic communications between you and the Center.
Helen Woodward Animal Center (the “Center” or “we”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. We value the support of our members, donors, volunteers, customers, and others who support the Center (“Supporters”) and know that protecting personal information is important to our Supporters.
This Privacy Policy (our “Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our websites, including www.animalcenter.org, www.remembermethursday.org, www.home4theholidays.org, www.irememberyou.org, and other websites the Center may operate and as may be made available from time to time (our “Websites”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
on our Websites;
in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our Websites; and
when you make a donation or register for one of our events.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third-party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Websites.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Websites. By accessing or using our Websites or by attending one of our events, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued attendance at our events or use of our Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
2. Children Under the Age of 13
Our Websites are not intended for children under the age of 13 and children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use our Websites. We will remove any information from a child under the age of 13 if we become aware of it.
Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Websites. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us using the Contact Information below or email us at privacy@animalcenter.org.
3.  Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect different types of information about you, including information that may directly identify you, information that is about you but individually does not personally identify you, and information that we combine with our other users. This includes information that we collect directly from you or through automated collection technologies.
Generally
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, specifically information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, shipping and billing postal addresses, e-mail address, and home, work, and/or mobile telephone numbers (“Personal Data”);
if you make a donation or purchase products and services on our Websites, our third-party payment processor may also collect your credit card information and provide us with your shipping and billing postal addresses (this may also be considered part of Personal Data).
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as traffic data, location data, information in Website logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Websites, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the Websites. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies; and
From third parties, for example, our business partners who help us process donations and put on events.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect are:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites. This includes information provided at the time of requesting information from us, subscribing to any of our services or newsletters, registering for an event, submitting volunteer applications, submitting an adoption application or other information provided as part of our adoption procedures, or otherwise communicating with us. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Websites;
information you provide us when registering for an event;
records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
details of transactions you make on our Websites and for the fulfillment of orders for products and services you may make on or through our Websites (for example, when registering a child for camp or making a boarding reservation for a pet). You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order for our goods and services through our Websites; and
details of donations you make at or during one of our events or on our Websites. You may be required to provide financial and/or shipping information before making a donation.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Websites or transmitted to other users of the Websites or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we may limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Websites with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, specifically:
details of your visits to our Websites, specifically logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Websites, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites; and
information about your computer and internet connection, specifically your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal Data and anonymous or aggregated information. It helps us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
estimate our visitor size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Websites according to your individual interests;
recognize you when you return to our Websites;
help us further develop and improve the design and functionality of our Websites.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the Websites. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Websites analyze how users use the Websites. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Websites by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.
4.  How We Use Your Information
We use your Personal Data for various purposes described below, including to:
·        provide our Websites to you;
·        provide you with information you request from us;
·        enforce our rights arising from contracts;
·        notify you about changes; and
·        provide you with notices about your account
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:
to present our Websites and their contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to process donations or a payment for services you order from us;
to provide you with receipts for donations or for products or services you order from us;
to register you for an event;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide though them;
if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about the Center, we will use your friend’s name and email address to automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit our Websites. We do not retain this information after the email is sent to your friend.
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about upcoming events, retail offers, updates, news articles, requests for donations, or other information regarding the Center that may be of interest to you. If you would like us not to use your information in this way, please see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information and we would be happy to remove your Personal Data from further notifications.
5.  Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We disclose your Personal Data to a few third parties, including:
·        our third-party service providers that we use to support our business;
·        to an organization that we merge with, acquire, or that buys us, or in the event of change in structure of the Center of any form;
·        to comply with our legal obligations;
·        to enforce our rights; and
·        with your consent.
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support the Center and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. Our payment processor is Authorize.net and its privacy policy may be found at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Helen Woodward Animal Center’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Helen Woodward Animal Center about our Supporters and Websites’ users are among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Data:
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Helen Woodward Animal Center, our Supporters, an animal, or others. This includes exchanging information with law enforcement, regulatory agencies, and with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6.  Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We offer you choices on how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology, disclosure of your Personal Data for third-parties to advertise to you, our advertising to you, and other targeted advertising.
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above in Disclosure of Your Information. When possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing the services to us and to maintain this information strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your Personal Data:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Websites may be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information with Third-Party Non-Profits. We may share your Personal Data with other third parties non-profit organizations. If you do not wish for us to share your Personal Data in this manner, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data or by following the instructions below to Opt-out.
Promotional Offers from the Center. We may use your contact information to request donations from you or to promote our upcoming events, retail offers, updates, news articles, and other information regarding the Center that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data or by following the instructions below to opt-out.
Opt-out. You can also always opt-out of sharing your Personal Data with other third party nonprofit organizations or from email communications from us by sending us an email to remove@animalcenter.org or a letter to:
Helen Woodward Animal Center
Attn: Development Manager OPTOUT
PO Box 64
Rancho Santa Fe, CA  92067
In your letter or email, please make sure to provide us with your first and last name, mailing address (including City, State, and Zip Code), and your email address. Also let us know what information you would like to continue receiving from us:
Emails only (no home mail)
Home mail only (no emails)
No mailings at all.
If we have sent you an email, you may click the “unsubscribe” link in the email to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt-out from emails does not apply to information provided to the Center as a result of a transaction.
7.   Your Rights Regarding Your Information and Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can request access to, correction, or deletion of your Personal Data at any time by contacting us.
Access and Update. You may also notify us through the Contact Information below to request access to, correction or deletion of any Personal Data that you have provided to us. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. We may also ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements.
8.  Do Not Track Signals
We may use automated data collection technologies to track you across websites. We currently do not honor do-not-track signals that may be sent by some browsers.
We may use automated data collection technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do not track” your online activities. At this time, we do not honor such signals and we do not modify what information we collect or how we use that information based upon whether such signal is broadcast or received by us.
9. Data Security
Information transmitted over the Internet is not completely secure, but we do our best to protect your Personal Data.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions are processed by our third-party payment processor. Each of our payment processors have, as of the effective date of this Privacy Policy, represented that they are PCI compliant. The Center does not store, process, or transmit any cardholder data or financial data received from your donations or from the purchase of goods and services on or through our Websites in electronic format.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Websites. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites.
10.  Consent to Processing of Personal Data in the United States
We may process your Personal Data outside of your home country, including to the United States. We only do this when we are legally permitted to do so and when we have appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), in order to provide our Websites, events, products, and services to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of the EEA, including to the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your Personal Data. When we store or process your Personal Data, we are committed to protecting its privacy and confidentiality in accordance with this our policies and all applicable laws. By using our Websites, registering for an event, or making a donation, you represent that you have read and understood the above and hereby consent to the storage and processing of Personal Data on servers located outside of the country in which you reside, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of your residence or location.
11.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on our Websites. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we may notify you of such changes through your contact information and invite you to review (and accept, if necessary) the changes.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights or materially alter the way we use your Personal Data without your consent in accordance with applicable law. We will post Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if we make material changes to how we treat our Supporters’ Personal Data, we will provide a more prominent notice (including through a notice on the Websites home page or an email notification of the Privacy Policy changes). The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Websites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
12.  Contact Information
You may contact us through the contact information below if you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and how we collect and use your Personal Data.
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, have any requests related to your Personal Data, or otherwise need to contact us, you can do so at:
Helen Woodward Animal Center
Attn: Webmaster or Operations Manager
P.O. Box 64
Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067
FAX: 858-756-1466 / Phone 858-756-4117