https://annettelyon.wordpress.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
For questions about this website, please contact us via email: Annette (at) AnnetteLyon (dot) com or via the Contact page on this site.
The Website
We strive to make certain user privacy is maintained throughout their visit to this site. This website is compliant with all privacy laws and requirements for users.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies. Where relevant, this website uses a cookie control system that should allow the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer or device. This is in accordance with recent legislation requirements for websites to get explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading cookies on a user’s computer or device.
Cookies are small files that track, save and store information about the user’s usage of the website and are stored on the user’s computer hard drive. Through the website server, this allows for a custom user experience.
Users are advised to take the necessary steps in their web browser security settings to block all cookies from this website if they want to deny the use of cookies.
This website uses tracking software to better understand users and how they use this site. This software is provided by WordPress, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to a user’s computer’s hard drive to track and monitor your website usage, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read WordPress’s privacy policy for more information HERE.
When a user clicks on a sponsored link or ad, other cookies might be stored to your computer’s hard drive. This may include a Facebook pixel. These cookies are used for referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected unless you specifically sign up for the email list or newsletter.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or me and who give any personal information, do so at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until it has no use. Every attempt has been made to guarantee a safe email submission form, but using this form is at the user’s own risk.
This website uses any information supplied by the user to provide more information about the products or services they offer or to answer any questions or comments from the user. This includes using your information to subscribe you to any email newsletter, but only if this was made clear to you and your explicit permission was given when submitting any form. This is not an entire list of your user rights in regards to receiving email marketing material. Your information is not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website provides the possibility of subscribing to an email newsletter through MailerLite on the home page and/or at THIS LINK. Through this newsletter, subscribers are informed about products, services, promotions, etc. provided by this website. Users can subscribe to the email newsletter through an online automated process if they want to do so, but do so at their own risk.
All personal information relating to subscriptions are secure and will not be given to anyone other than those who manage this website and used only for purposes relating to the website.
Email marketing campaigns issued by this website or its owners might track within the email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity might include: the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity. This information is used to shape future email campaigns and give the user content that is more relevant to their preferences.
Subscribers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. Learn more about MailerLite’s privacy policy HERE.
External Links
Although this website tries to only include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are cautioned before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website to do so at their own risk. (External links are colored clickable text / banner / image links to other websites.)
This website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite my best efforts. Users should know that they click on external links at their own risk and this website, its owner, or its admins, cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned, including purchases or donations for books or services.
External Links: Sponsored Links
This website does not currently accept any form of cash advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions, nor does it accept products or services for review, although the owner reserves the right to change that policy in the future. If that happens, the change will be reflected in this policy.
However, we do use Amazon affiliate links throughout the site and receive a small percentage of sales if site visitors make a purchase through those links.
Any opinions, implied or stated directly, do not imply a guarantee or warranty. Purchase and/or use any of mentioned products at the visitor’s own discretion. Responsibility for use of any item and any the consequences that arise from use belongs solely to you, the visitor.
If this site uses sponsored links, clicking on any such link will send you to another website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. Some of these cookies may be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users who click on sponsored external links do so at their own risk. This website, its owner, nor its admins, cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links.
Giveaways
Entrants agree to abide by the requirements, guidelines, and/or rules posted here and in each giveaway. If entrants do not follow the rules or are disqualified in some other way, entrants agree that we have the right to delete unqualified comments/entries at our discretion.
In addition, winners are chosen at our discretion, and our decisions are final.
Giveaway prizes fall into one of two categories:
1) Prizes we pay for out of pocket and will be shipping/emailing to the winner ourselves.
Entrants agree that if they win, they receive and use the product at their own risk. Entrants agree to not hold this website, its owner, and/or its admins accountable for anything that happens to the prize, to anything it’s used for, or for anything that may or may not happen in correlation with or as a result of winning or using the prize. We agree to ship any prizes, where applicable, in an envelope/box appropriate for the object(s) and to do so reasonably quickly after the winner is confirmed. Entrants agree that if they win, this website and its owners/admins are not responsible for the prize after it is shipped. If the prize is damaged or lost during shipping, we are not liable, even if the packaging is faulty; the winner agrees that it was packaged it in good faith.
2) Prize sponsored by a group, company, or individual other than this website.
In this case, the winner will likely be put in touch with the company for the purpose of claiming their prize/s. In some cases, we may act as a mediator between the winner and the prize sponsor, in which case, the winner will not have contact with the sponsoring entity unless a problem with the prize arises, in which case the winner will be put in touch with the sponsoring entity work out an agreeable solution. Any agreement between the sponsor and the winner is between those parties only, and we are in no way liable or responsible for anything related to the giveaway or the prize. We would never knowingly accept sponsorship from a company that is dishonest or has bad customer service, but in the rare case that the company does not follow through on their end of the deal (e.g. doesn’t send the winner’s prize, or there is a mishap, miscommunication, rudeness, accident, natural disaster, act of God, etc.), we are not liable. The WINNER must work out a solution with the sponsoring entity.
Social Media Platforms
Any communication or action taken through social media platforms that this website, its owner, or its admins participate in are held to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies for each social media platform, respectively, including the author’s blog, which his hosted by Blogger: http://blog.annettelyon.com
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate on them with caution regarding their own privacy and personal information. We will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users who want to discuss sensitive information to contact me through email: Annette (at) AnnetteLyon (dot) com
This website uses social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platforms. Before using social sharing buttons, users need to know that they do so at their own risk and be aware that social media platforms may track and save your request to share a web page through your social media account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
We may at time share web links on our social media accounts, and some of those links may be shortened through platforms such as bit.ly.
Users should take caution and good judgment before clicking any shortened URLs, whether they are published on this website, its social media platforms, by its owners, or admins. Although we do my best to ensure that any short URLs are safe, we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened link or links.
Conflict of Interest
This website may contain content which might present a conflict of interest, which may or may not be identified. Visitors use the information provided at their own risk.
Search for:
News & New ReleasesDon’t Miss These: BOOKSHELF
NEW RELEASES
FINLAND & KALEVALA FICTION
HARVEST VALLEY SERIES
FACEBOOK
NEWSLETTER
AMAZON AUTHOR PAGE
TWITTER
INSTAGRAM
BLOG
PINTEREST
GOODREADS
TIMELESS ROMANCE SERIES
Note: As an Amazon Associate, I earn a small amount from qualifying purchases.
InstagramNo Instagram images were found.Join Us!
Teenagers & the 3 Laws of Motherhood, from Listen to Your Mother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBZbOcmA7Cg As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
Read My Latest on Medium
8X Best of State WinnerNovel: 2007, 2013, 2018, 2020
Short Story: 2015, 2016, 2017, 2020
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy