http://answersingenesis.org/about/use-policy/
Internet Explorer is no longer supported. Try downloading another browser like Chrome or Firefox.
redeem
Help Us Share God’s Word
The pandemic has created unique challenges for us as we go into 2021. Your gift helps support the core AiG ministry, fund a new exhibit coming to the Creation Museum, launch Answers Bible Curriculum homeschool, and more.
grade Double your impact! Your donation will be matched up to $3.5 million!
Give Today
Maybe Later
CartAccountUnited States / EnglishIf you already have an account, Sign in.View Cart United States / EnglishAnswersStoreEventsMediaKidsEducationDonate
Answers in Genesis
About
Content Use Policy
Content Use Policy
Share:
Email Using:
Gmail
Yahoo!
Outlook
Other
Use by Permission Only Policy
Any printed published materials (magazines, newsletters, etc.) or web published materials not clearly indicated for free use require permission for use and must follow these guidelines:
Print Use Guidelines
Readers who broadly share our ministry aims may freely photocopy the text of the articles directly from the magazine or print the text from the website for genuine, non-commercial Christian educational purposes—except where we have shown them as copyrighted elsewhere or as having been reprinted by permission from another source.
Many of the photographs we use, some from commercial sources, only have a limited or one-time right of use, so the right to copy them is not ours to pass on. Where articles are to be reprinted in another publication, permission needs to be sought from us—and is often granted.
For permission to print for distribution (except those clearly indicated for free use), please contact us.
Web Use Guidelines
Since we are constantly updating the articles on the website, we request that any reference to website published articles include no more than the first paragraph, and must include the ministry’s name and a link to our website, preferably to the actual article. Copying entire articles (other than the first paragraph) or materials to other websites is strictly prohibited; however, we encourage links to the article from your website.
https://assets.answersingenesis.org/img/logos/answers-in-genesis-logo.png
You may freely use this image to link to our home page at https://answersingenesis.org.Please use this logo to link to our home page only.
About
Accountability
Privacy Policy
Content Use Policy
First Time Here?
Get Connected
Get Involved
History
Mission
Press Room
Statement of Faith
Submit a Product
Newsletter
Get the latest answers emailed to you.
Thank You!
Thank you for signing up to receive email newsletters from Answers in Genesis.
You can also sign up for our free print newsletter (US only).
Finish your subscription
You're almost done! Please follow the instructions we emailed you in order to finish subscribing.
You can also sign up for our free print newsletter (US only).
Whoops!
Your newsletter signup did not work out. Please refresh the page and try again.
Support the creation/gospel message by donating or getting involved!
Answers in Genesis is an apologetics ministry, dedicated to helping Christians defend their faith and proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Learn more
Customer Service 800.778.3390
© 2020 Answers in Genesis