http://antiochchurchbrighton.org/antioch-community-church-in-brighton-privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyAt Antioch Community Church Brighton ("ACC Brighton"), we are committed to protecting your privacy. Any information that we collect is used to provide the best possible experience for visitors. By using a web site maintained by ACC Brighton, you agree to the terms set forth below. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website. 1. GeneralACC Brighton reviews our Privacy Policy periodically, and we reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. This page should be reviewed from time to time, so that you can be aware of any changes. This Privacy Policy applies to all websites produced and operated by ACC Brighton. If you want to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy, email us at webmaster (a.t.) accboston (dot) org or write us at: ACC Brighton, 17 Spruce Street, Waltham, MA 02453. 2. Collection & UseACC Brighton recognizes the privacy concerns of users of our websites on the Internet and the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected from them. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as a visitor’s name, address, email address, telephone number, or credit card information is automatically collected on our websites. Such information is collected only when it is knowingly and voluntarily submitted, and ACC Brighton uses such information only for the purpose for which it was submitted, unless we disclose other uses in this policy or at the time of collection. We maintain reasonable and appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of such information in our possession. ACC Brighton does not sell personally identifiable information to third parties. ACC Brighton will not disclose, sell, trade, or rent personal information it collects to outside parties. We reserve the right to monitor visitor traffic patterns and website usage to help us develop the design and layout of our websites to enhance your online experience. 3. SecurityOur technology partners use industry-leading Internet security technology and practices. They use secure server software (SSL) that encrypts the information you input before you send it to us. All of the data is protected against unauthorized access, as indicated by the secure icon on your browser. 4. CookiesCookies are small bits of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive to enable us to do a number of things to make your visit and future visits more enjoyable. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information about you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to prevent that. Users should consult their browser help files for instructions on how to refuse cookies. Visitors may also receive cookies from third parties, but ACC Brighton cannot control the content of those cookies. 5. PromotionsACC Brighton may run promotions on our websites that require submission of personally identifiable information by participants. ACC Brighton may use the information collected in the aggregate so we can determine, for example, how many visitors to our website participated in the promotion. Promotions are subject to change without notice. 6. LinksOur websites may be linked to or from other websites that are not operated by ACC Brighton or any company affiliated with ACC Brighton. ACC Brighton is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third-party websites. Our websites may also be linked to websites operated by companies affiliated with ACC Brighton. Visitors to those websites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices. 7. Technology ProvidersACC Brighton partners with several technology providers in order to deliver the best possible online experience to visitors. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the Privacy Policies of these providers by following the links below:mailchimp.com/legal/privacyvancopayments.com/privacy-policyplanningcenter.com