http://antiquity.ac.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Search Antiquity
Subscribe
Submit a Paper
Contact
HomeAboutAbout AntiquityMeet the TeamEditorial Advisory BoardAntiquity TrustLatest IssueAntiquity OpenAntiquity OpenProject GalleryBooks and ReviewsPrize WinnersTAG archiveAll issues
Privacy Policy
Website
The following information informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the Antiquity website.
The Antiquity website uses cookies for the following reasons:
To assess how the website is being used by use of Google Analytics. This provides information on how users navigate the site and gives us an insight into how easy it is to access our information. We do this so we can make the site clearer and more accessible.
Google Analytics saves a cookie on your computer with a unique number that identifies you during your visit to our website. The cookie DOES NOT save any personal information about you. We have no access to any other information on your computer, aside from the cookie created by this website.
Browsing our website is therefore anonymous - we have no way of identifying you personally.
Information provided by the cookie is fed into the overall site statistics for this website. Visits to our website are therefore not assessed on a case-by-case basis.
Authors and Reviewers
The journal Antiquity, owned by The Antiquity Trust and published by Cambridge University Press, holds author and reviewer data including your name, affiliation, institution, contact details including email address, telephone number and postal address (if provided), and areas of expertise.
The data is retained in order to facilitate the peer review process of articles and to appear in the published journal both online and in print. This is done on a legitimate interest basis. The legitimate interest in retaining the data is to maintain an accurate record of peer review and publication.
The data held is required on submission of an article or during reviewer selection for the peer review process. The data is stored on an online submission and peer review site, ScholarOne which is operated by Clarivate Analytics. The site can be found here: https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/aqy and access is password protected. The Clarivate Analytics Privacy Statement can be found here: https://clarivate.com/clarivate-analytics-scholarone-privacy-notice/
The data is held indefinitely as it forms the record of peer review and the record of material published in the journal, both online and in print. We use the data to contact potential peer reviewers and this is a necessary for the publication of the material within the journal.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have rights as a citizen of an EU member state, with regard to your personal data. These rights are;
The right to be informed.
Individuals have the right to know about the collection, storage and use of their personal data.
The right of access.
Individuals have the right to request their personal data and receive a response within a month.
The right to rectification.
If an individual has inaccurate personal data recorded, it is their right to request that they be rectified.
The right to erasure.
An individual can request the removal of their personal data within one month. This right is not absolute, and does not apply in every situation, but retention of the data upon receipt of the request should have a lawful basis.
The right to data portability.
An individual has the right to request that the information that they have provided to the data controller (in this case, Antiquity) is transferred to them in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format.
For more information on your individual rights and the GDPR please see the information here: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
The GDPR legislation applies to citizens and residents of EU member states. However, all authors and reviewers for Antiquity will be treated in compliance with the GDPR with regard to privacy, regardless of their citizenship or country of residency.
You can withdraw consent and opt out from our online submission and peer review system by selecting the relevant options or by following the account removal links when signed in to your user account.
You can also request your personal information held by Antiquity by contacting the journal:
Antiquity
Department of Archaeology
Durham University
Durham DH1 3LE, UK
assistant [at] antiquity.ac.uk
You have the right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office if you believe that we have not complied with the requirements of the GDPR with regard to your personal data.
Date updated: 25 May 2018
Home
About
Latest Issue
Antiquity Open
All issues
Search Antiquity
Subscribe
Submit a Paper
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Admin Login
Antiquity, Department of Archaeology
Durham University, South Road, Durham, DH1 3LE
e: assistant@antiquity.ac.uk  |  t: +44 (0)191 3341125
All materials copyright Antiquity Publications Ltd. © 2017