http://aphasiahelp.com/
Questions? Call us at :
(734) 764-8440
Ready to apply?
Click Here
Helping you find your voice.
WELCOME TO UMAP
"This program was the jump start to recovering from aphasia and apraxia. The intensity of therapy produced obvious results within a short period of time and is evidence that guided constant practice works!"
- UMAP Client Caregiver
More than 2 million people in the U.S. — of all ages and backgrounds — have aphasia.
We're here to help.
Whether your goal is to send an email again or read to your children, UMAP may be able to help.
INTENSIVE SPEECH-LANGUAGE THERAPY
Helping you find your voice.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN APHASIA PROGRAM
More than 2 million people in the U.S. — of all ages and backgrounds — have aphasia.
We're here to help.
Welcome to the University of Michigan Aphasia Program! (UMAP)
For more than 80 years, people have come from around the world to receive the highly individualized, innovative, and intensive aphasia therapy UMAP offers.
Click the video to get a sense of UMAP.
We’ve heard it many times: you didn’t ask to be part of this club.
Yet, here you are. It’s frightening to be thrust into this world of post-injury or post-stroke language recovery, but you’re not alone. The University of Michigan Aphasia Program (UMAP) provides intensive speech and language therapy for people with language disorders after a stroke, brain injury, illness, or other neurological disorder.
We’re here to help. We work with you to develop communication skills that work for your life (using the Life Participation Approach to Aphasia recovery, as well as other methods and therapies). We also offer a caregiver component to our therapy and encourage caregivers to be involved in therapy so the skills you learn here can continue at home.
If that sounds like what you or your loved one needs, consider our program your next step. Read on to learn more.
"It seems to me that the concentrated month-long therapy is very effective.
I would highly recommend this program."
Our program does more than just focus on the effects of aphasia — and it sets us apart.
When you are affected by aphasia, the world can be a lonely place. Things that were once familiar are foreign. Something that once came easy to you, like answering a yes-or-no question or making a phone call can be overwhelming and frustrating. After nearly a century of working with those with aphasia, we understand that. The aphasia program focus isn't just language recovery following a stroke or head injury.
Our program is structured to treat the whole person through our unique intensive, individualized, and innovative care. We also use a Life Participation Approach to Aphasia (LPAA) to focus on building applicable skills in individual, group, and real-world interactions.
You will meet others like you, with similar challenges and inspiring triumphs. The U-M Aphasia Program focuses on helping you find meaningful ways to communicate after a stroke, head injury, or illness.
"This is an excellent program. Every staff member we dealt with was well trained, knowledgeable, personable and caring. We became very fond of everyone on staff. They will always hold a special place in our hearts for the wonderful treatment we received."
About the Program
Our intensive therapy can result in significant improvement in communication skills over time.
While each client is different, we have seen improvement occur regardless of severity, type of aphasia (those with global aphasia also respond positively to intensive therapy), education, age, or stage of recovery.
For more on client outcomes, see: UMAP Client Data and Gains
What to Expect
UMAP is one of a few clinical service programs around the country to offer an intensive speech-language therapy session that combines individual, group, and computer/tech work with recreational activities, exemplifying the Life Participation Approach. Caregivers are encouraged to participate in sessions and social activities, as well as weekly educational seminars and a support group.
Program Components
Outcome Data, Client Stories, and Next Steps
Outcome Data
Client Data: Significant Gains
Many potential clients and their care partners wonder: is intensive speech language therapy effective? Progress depends on a variety of factors such as the type of aphasia (Wernicke's, Broca's, etc.), the time since onset, age, and others.
However, on average, UMAP clients showed significant gains.
Outcome DataClient Stories
In Their Words: Aphasia Stories
Our clients are an amazing group of individuals. Everyone who comes to the U-M Aphasia Program has a different story, different goals, and a different approach to their aphasia recovery, which is why our individualized approach is so important. That said, they all have one thing in common: resilience.
Success StoriesNext Steps
Ready to Learn More? Start Here
By checking out our program, you’ve already taken a step in the right direction. It can be overwhelming to find the right place to begin.
These pages should help:
Overview and Components
Dates and Rates
How to Apply
Path to UMAPAre you ready to join us? Call us at (734) 764-8440 for more information.Click here to Get Started
Note: Email is not secure, so please limit personal information shared in this form.
Please leave this field empty.
protected by reCAPTCHA
Privacy - Terms
University of Michigan Aphasia Program
Aphasia Therapy Update
Hello! Thank you for visiting the U-M Aphasia Program. We are currently offering our services via teletherapy and we have started to offer limited, in-person sessions with COVID precautions in place. If you have questions about this or other concerns, you can contact us. To learn more about the U-M Aphasia Program and what we can do for you, see: Getting to Know UMAP.
Get Updates In Your Inbox
If you would like to get updates on changes to our program, news, invitations to events, and more, make sure you are signed up for the Aphasia News newsletter: Subscribe Here (make sure to select “Aphasia News” as a topic of interest).
Questions? Please call us at (734) 764-8440 during regular business hours or leave a message. (Please note, following the University schedule, we are on holiday break from Dec. 23, 2020 – Jan. 2, 2021 and calls will be returned after the break in the order they are received.)
X CLOSE