http://apokryphunk.com/privacy-policy/
Apokryphunk
Paranormal Reflux: The Re-Search for the Unexplained.
About Apokryphunk
Articles
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Apokryphunk.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to readers of EclecticReviews.com based on their visit to this site and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
To learn more about how Google uses information from websites or apps that use their service visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Users can also opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
As an Amazon Associate the creator of Apokryphunk.com earns from qualifying purchases. To learn more about how the Amazon Ad System collects and uses information for online advertising visit http://www.amazon.com/InterestBasedAds
Apokryphunk.com does not directly gather or share any information about its visitors.
Recent Posts
Strange Monolith Spotted by Helicopter Crew in Utah
Elvis Death Conspiracy Theories
Sad News – Sig Haig Passes Away at 80
Sasquatch Speaks – A Review
Mothman: The Sandhill Crane of Point Pleasant, WV
The Bell Island Boom – 41 Years Later
Travis Walton UFO Incident Reflux
Apokryphunk Booklist
To Truly UNDERSTAND the BunkYou Must KNOW the BUNK...Recommended Reading to Get You On Par with the Paranormal and Unexplained...
Paranormal Conspiracy T-Shirts
It's All a Conspiracy T-shirts
Toynbee Tile T-Shirts
Shop More Paranormal Shirts Here!
Categories
Just The Facts
Cryptozoology
The Spooky World
Unexplained Mysteries
News & Reviews
Uncategorized
UFO Stuff
Apokryphunk.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Theme by ThemeZee