https://app.trustlock.co/trust-badge-seal-privacy-TL-5575166137
TL-5575166137
VERIFIED URL
karasch.com
ACTIVE: 12-11-20
This website has successfully met the privacy policy requirements & standards set by Trust Lock's verification team.
Verified Privacy Policy:
http://www.karasch.com/privacy-policy
Verification date: 07 September 2018
Verification ID: 5575166137124
Report seal abuse >
Contact karasch.com >
12-11-20
For karasch.com to qualify for the Privacy Safe Trust Lock seal, they must address the
following privacy concerns in their privacy policy:
Collected Information Disclosure
The site karasch.com must include a statement in their privacy policy that indicates what information karasch.com will disclose to 3rd parties.
Information Security Disclosure
The site karasch.com must include a statement in their privacy policy which informs users what security precautions have been put into place to protect your information, including credit cards, or any other information that may be collected with your consent. This site also must disclose the use of any collected information.
Email Use
The site karasch.com must also include a statement in their privacy policy on how your collected email address will be used and when it will be used.
Click Here to read the privacy policy for karasch.com
Copyright 2020 TrustLock.co. All Rights Reserved.
To learn more or add Trust Lock trust seals or badges on your website, check out
TrustLock.co
Disclaimer:
Websites and businesses that display our seals must abide by our terms of use agreement. If terms of use are not followed, the seal and verification shall be void in its entirety. TrustLock has done its best to confirm and verify that all facts on this certificate are truthful and accurate on the date of initial verification. We will not be held responsible if any verified company using TrustLock trust seals decides to change their information, privacy policy, or business practices without properly notifying us of this change, or abuse its use by changing business practices without notice to TrustLock.
We do not warranty or give any guarantee of any aspect of any website or business including safety, privacy, security, or any other aspect of the verified site. We only verify under our specific verification terms at the date of verification.
We do our best to remove verifications on sites if we are aware of misuse or verification abuse by receiving a report. To report trust badge abuse or misuse, please contact us at trustlock.co immediately.