https://appellate-brief.com/high-profile-lawyer/disclaimer-privacy-policy/
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerBefore HeaderClick to Call Now! (917) 300-1958
FacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTube
You are here: Home / Home / Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMER
All material and information presented by Susan Chana Lask (“SCL”) is intended to be used for educational or informational purposes only, consistent with the legal profession’s obligation to educate the public.
This website is not an advertisement.
The statements made about services and other information are informational only.
Any results described or referred to herein may not necessarily occur for all cases as each case rests on its own merits.
Any statements here are not intended to advise you about nor prevent any legal matter or consequence.
You should consult with a licensed attorney regarding your case for answers.
Trademarks
Appellate-brief.com, susanchanalask.com and suethemall.com (collectively, the “website”), and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of SCL. They may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by SCL in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits SCL.
All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
AT YOUR OWN RISK
YOUR USE AND BROWSING IN THE WEB SITE ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK. EVERYTHING ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. SCL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP BY YOUR USE OF OR ANY COMMUNICATION TO SCL UNLESS THERE IS A WRITTEN RETAINER AGREEMENT SIGNED BY SCL VERIFYING THE CREATION OF AN ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. SCL SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE, FOR YOUR ACTION OR INACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE OR FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE.
YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL SCL, HER AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE, THE CONTENTS IN THIS WEB SITE, THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.
SCL ALSO ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING IN THE WEB SITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, DATA, TEXT, IMAGES, VIDEO, OR AUDIO FROM THE WEB SITE.
PRIVACY
Protecting your personal information is of the utmost importance to SCL. Therefore, we have prepared this Privacy Policy to inform you as to how we will use the information you entrust to us.
In general, you can visit the web site on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. Although no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we will do our best to ensure the security of any client account information on our system and/or personal information you send to us via electronic mail or registration through our web site.
As a result, while we strive to protect all client account and personal information, SCL and her affiliates cannot ensure or warrant the security of any such information you transmit to us.
You do so at your own risk.
Analytics & Cookies
If there is a comment section and visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
We abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and will comply with all applicable laws, policies, and regulations relating to the collection of information from Users.
SCL will not directly assist or permit any third party to pass information to Google or anywhere that Google or any other entity could use or recognize as personally identifiable information.
However, this site might use cookies, identifiers for mobile devices (e.g., Android Advertising Identifier or Advertising Identifier for iOS) or similar technology used to collect data as part of third party applications on this site that are created by third parties.
We use Google Analytics and other analytics solely to see where a visitor comes from, their IP address, and what pages they are interested in and what search terms they use.
That is reviewed from our backend from Google, but not stored by SCL.
You can see
“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, or any other URL Google may provide from time to time).
This is our reasonable effort to ensure that a User is provided with clear and comprehensive information about, and consents to, the storing and accessing of cookies or other information on the User’s device where such activity occurs in connection with the Service and use of this site, and where providing such information and obtaining such consent is required by law.
You must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g., an opt-out) that are part of the Service.
SCL uses best efforts to comply with all applicable Google Analytics policies located at www.google.com/analytics/policies/ (or such other URL as Google may provide) as modified from time to time (the “Google Analytics Policies”).
SCL may participate in an integrated version of Google Analytics and certain Google advertising services (“Google Analytics Advertising Features”).
If we use the Google Analytics Advertising Features, we will adhere to the Google Analytics Advertising Features policy (available at support.google. com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409).
Access to and use of any Google advertising service is subject to the applicable terms between SCL and Google regarding that service.
If You use the Platform Home, your use of the Platform Home is subject to the Platform Home Additional Terms (or as subsequently re-named) available at https://support.google.com/marketingplatform/answer/9047313 (or such other URL as Google may provide) as modified from time to time (the “Platform Home Terms”).
We also use Statcounter.
Statcounter is an online service which helps us to understand our visitors; for example, how visitors find our website, how long they spend on our site, which web pages they are most interested in etc. We use Statcounter because better understanding how visitors are interacting with our website helps us to improve the content, design and functionality of our site. This allows us to offer a better online experience to our visitors.
Statcounter uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on visitors and visitor activity on our website. This data includes:
Time and date of visit (this can help us to identify and plan for busy periods on our website)IP address (this is a numerical label assigned to a device by an Internet Service Provider to enable the device to access the internet)Browser and Operating System (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the browsers/operating systems used to access our site)Device Information e.g. device type and screen size (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the devices used to access our site)Referring Data e.g. a search engine link (this can help us to understand which search engines are helping visitors to find our website)
Furthermore, when you visit our website a Statcounter cookie (called “is_unique”) may be placed in your browser.
This cookie is used only to determine whether you are a first-time or returning visitor and to estimate unique visits to the site.
We do not save or store that information; however, if we deem any activity suspicious, unlawful or unethical then it may be copied or a screenshot taken and used for the appropriate authorities or in whatever way necessary to correct the situation.
You can learn more about cookies from Statcounter and set your browser to refuse same here:http://statcounter.com/about/set-refusal-cookie/ For further details, please see the Statcounter privacy policy the: https://statcounter.com/about/legal/#privacy
POLICY
Use License. SCL
may grant you permission to view this web site and to print individual pages from this web site for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you agree to and accept, without modification, the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein.
You may not modify, copy (except as otherwise noted), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any products or services from this web site. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein.
In addition, as a condition of your use of this web site, you represent and warrant to SCL that you will not use this web site for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices.
If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, you should not use this web site.Copyrights. This web site and its contents are the copyrighted property of SCL. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any copyrighted property displayed on the web site, without the prior written permission of the Copyright owner. SCL aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.Trademarks. The trademarks, service marks and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this web site are the registered Trademarks of SCL and others. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the web site, without the prior written permission of the Trademark owner. Any trademark name, logo or the other formatives may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this site, without prior, written permission from SCL.
SCL prohibits use of its Trademarks as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by SCL in writing. Fair use of SCL’s Trademarks requires proper acknowledgment. Other product and company names mentioned in this web site may be the Trademarks of their respective owners.Links to Third Party Sites. SCL does not maintain, is not responsible for the content of, and does not endorse any of the web sites linked to this web site. You access or connect to these linked web sites at your own risk. The content, accuracy and reliability of, and the opinions expressed and other links provided in, those web sites are not investigated, verified, monitored or endorsed by SCL and she disclaims any warranty, express or implied, with respect to the contents of such web sites.Posting Information. Portions of this web site may provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information, ideas and opinions (“Postings”). PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT SCL DOES NOT SCREEN, EDIT, OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON THIS SITE, and Postings do not necessarily reflect the view of SCL. In no event shall SCL assume or have any responsibility or any liability for the Postings or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from their use and/or appearance on this web site. SCL reserves the right to monitor all Postings and to remove any which it considers in its absolute discretion to be unlawful, offensive or otherwise in breach of these terms and conditions. You hereby authorize SCL to use and/or authorize others to use all or part of your Postings in any manner, format or medium that SCL or such other parties see fit. You shall have no claim or other recourse against SCL for infringement of any proprietary right in Postings.Submissions. Any communication or material you transmit to the web site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, confidential unless you are sending it for public disclosure on the FAQ section of the site. Anything you post on a discussion becomes the property of SCL and may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.General. You agree that these Terms of Use and your use of this web site are governed by the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regards to its rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in New York, New York, USA in all disputes (a) arising out of, relating to, or concerning this web site and/or this Policy, (b) in which this web site and/or this Policy are an issue or a material fact, or (c) in which this web site and/or this Policy are referenced in a paper filed in a court, tribunal, agency or other dispute resolution organization. Use of this web site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of this Policy, including without limitation this paragraph and the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions above. SCL has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this web site, but makes no representation that contents on this web site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Use of this web site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this Site may violate any legal requirements and you agree not to access this web site in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of this Policy is at your own risk and, if any part of this Policy is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall govern such use. Any claim, dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to or concerning this web site and/or this Policy shall be brought and held in New York, NY, USA.
This provision shall be specifically enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.Changes. You agree that SCL may at any time and without notice change this Policy, as well as the content of the web site.Relationship. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and SCL solely as a result of your use of this web site.Entire Agreement. This Policy constitutes the entire agreement between you and SCL with respect to this web site. This Policy supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and SCL with respect to this web site. Any alleged waiver of any breach of these Terms of Use shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any future breach. A printed version of this Policy and/or of any notice given by SCL in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Policy or your use of this web site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by SCL in printed form.
Primary SidebarIn the Media
Watch Susan Chana Lask’s Interviews
Listen to her on the Radio
Read about her in the News
LASK’S CREDENTIALS
ADMISSIONS
1989 New York Supreme Court
2005 United States Supreme Court
2001 U.S. Court of Appeals, Second Circuit
2009 U.S. Court of Appeals, Third Circuit
1990 U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York
1990 U.S. District Court, Eastern District of New York
2015-16 Florida 20th Judicial Circuit (phv)
2005-19 U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey (phv)
2008 New Jersey Appellate Division (phv)
ACHIEVEMENTS
United States Supreme Court litigator
Named “New York’s High Powered Attorney” and “High Profile Lawyer” by the media to date
Legal Commentator to News Channels, Print and Radio Media for 30 years
Arbitrator/Mediator/Judge, Civil Court of the City of New York hearing cases from legal malpractice to airline negligence, 2005-2009.
Law Clerk, State Bar of California Ethics Counsel, 1985-1986.
Recipient, Mayor’s Hero’s Award for saving the lives of two car crash victims in a car fire, 1995.
Quasi-Judicial Appointment by the State of New York to the Surrogate Decision Making Committee (SDMC) administered by the Commission on Quality of Care for the Mentally Disabled, 1995.
Invited Judge for New York University and Yale Law School’s Moot Court nationwide competitions, 2006-present
Attended Temple University Law School and Tel Aviv University’s comparative constitutional and international law programs during Middle East War, and met with Knesset members 1983-1984
Hero Award from the Mayor of Edgewater, NJ for saving the lives of two people from a burning car, 1994
Won first Certified Strip Search Class Action against two New Jersey County Jails, 2008
Won first Summary Judgment decision against blanket strip searches against two New Jersey County Jails, 2009
First attorney to win United States Supreme Court grant to hear her Prison Strip Search Civil Rights case, 2011
Only attorney brave enough to file a Petition to the United States Supreme Court to hear her Civil Rights case when attorneys nationwide refused to file and SCOTUS granted her petition, 2010
Only attorney brave enough to file a Federal action against New York’s infamous Steven Baum Foreclosure Mill and shut it down, 2010
Only Attorney courageous enough to file Ambien Class Action resulting in an FDA order changing warnings exactly as Ms. Lask demanded, 2006-2007
LECTURER/AUTHOR
2012 Author of “Deposition Techniques in Civil Rights Cases” CLE (Continuing Legal Education)
2011 Lecturer at Stanford Law School Supreme Court Litigation Clinic
2010 Author of “Class Actions: A Primer with Tips”- CLE
2008-2009 Lecturer at New York University Undergraduate Law Society
2007-2008 Acting Judge for New York Law School Moot Court Trials
MEMBERSHIPS
New York State Accredited CLE lecturer/author
Association of Arbitrators of the Civil Court of the City of New York
Association of the Bar of the City of New York
CLIENTS
Entertainers, Surgeons, Judges, attorneys, Members of Congress, District Attorneys, Attorneys General, NY US Department of Justice, US Senator Cummings and NYS Attorney General support her cases as amici and seek her advice, testimony and used her as a witness in their prosecutions.
Represents Senators, Assemblymen, State and Town Representatives and drafts legislation against judicial corruption, child custody laws and for prison reform, court reform and animal protection.
Private counsel to legislators, including creating strategies for damage control.
Lloyd’s of London counsel and investigator of complex billion dollar maritime thefts worldwide
Firemen’s Fund Insurance- Major underwriter in national complex hazardous waste cases, including Agent Orange and New York’s Hudson River litigation. Case strategist/team leader.
Footer By Appointment Only
Law Offices of
Susan Chana Lask
244 Fifth Avenue, #2369
New York, NY 10001
(917) 300-1958
Florida Office coming soon!
Testimonials
caret-down
caret-up
caret-left
caret-right
She is a passionate advocate for her clients and will not stop until she has obtained a just resolution.
Angela, VP Corporate, Florida
Susan wields a mastery of the law that keeps her ten steps ahead of her opponents.
Matt, Dir. Corporate, New York City
When you hire Susan Chana Lask, be prepared to be amazed.
Pat, Lawyer, Colorado
Click to Call Now!
(917) 300-1958
FacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTube
Click to Call Now!