https://archive.constitutionproject.org/about-us/policy-and-issue-committees/
Home
AdvancedSearch
About Us
POGO Home
Policy and Issue Committees
Staff & Fellows
Jobs & Internships
Constitutional Champion Award
Constitutional Commentary Award
Issues
Checks & Balances
Counter-Terrorism Policies & Practices
Criminal Discovery
Data Collection & Privacy
Death Penalty
DNA Collection
Government Surveillance & Searches
Immigration
Policing Reform
Right to Counsel
Sentencing
Transparency & Accountability
Events
Events Calendar
Photo Galleries
Newsroom
Legacy Press Releases
TCP In The News
Newsletter Archive
Media Contacts
Publications & Resources
TCP Documents
Detainee Task Force
Defending Gideon
Louis Fisher Library
Smart on Crime: 2010 Recommendations
Blog
Support TCP at POGO
The Constitution Project
About Us
Policy and Issue Committees
Policy and Issue Committees
TCP’s unique concept of leveraging the experience and credibility of unlikely allies, and other experts, to develop scholarship, promote policy reform and educate the public, is exemplified by the formation of the following blue-ribbon committees.  We are grateful to the esteemed members of these committees for so generously giving of their talents and time.
CURRENT:
The Committee on DNA Collection
The Committee on Policing Reforms
The Death Penalty Committee
The Liberty and Security Committee
The National Right to Counsel Committee
The War Powers Committee
Task Force on Detainee Treatment
LEGACY:
The Constitutional Amendments Committee
The Courts Committee
The Criminal Justice Advisory Committee
The Immigration Committee
The Sentencing Committee
Share
US Constitution
@ConPro TweetsTrump reportedly plans to issue pardons to his family and friends.
While reprehensible, it's not a new phenomenon.… https://t.co/cBlEAZGr1N about 10 hours ago ReplyRetweetFavoriteRT @ConPro: Last night, we filed an amicus brief urging SCOTUS to stay the Dec. 11 execution of Alfred Bourgeois.
Executing Bourgeois with… 06:18:10 AM December 04, 2020 ReplyRetweetFavorite@conpro
About Us
The Constitution Project, now part of the Project On Government Oversight, works to combat the increasing partisan divide regarding our constitutional rights and liberties. For over 20 years it has brought together people of diverse experiences and political philosophies to forge consensus-based solutions to some of the most difficult constitutional questions of the day.
Contact
The Project On Government Oversight
1100 G Street, NW, Suite 500
Washington DC, 20005
Phone: 202-347-1122
Fax: 202-347-1116
Email: pogo@pogo.org
> Visit POGO’s website
Sign Up
Please enter your email address below to sign up for our mailing list.
TCP respects your digital privacy and will not share your information with anyone.
Copyright/Privacy Statement
| Sitemap© 2020 The Constitution Project. All Rights Reserved.