http://archaicexpression.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Shop
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Office 2010
Microsoft Office 2013
Microsoft Office 2016
Microsoft Office 2019
Microsoft Office for MAC
Microsoft Windows
Office Applications
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
0
Home
0
View Cart
0
Wishlist
Account
Cheap Software Store Genuine Microsoft Office & Microsoft Windows Software
My Account
Checkout
Wishlist
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT
ArchaicExpression.com acknowledges that we gather a lot of information about our members. We see this as a great responsibility and have prepared this statement to demonstrate our commitment to keeping all information gathered about our members absolutely confidential.
DATA PROTECTION ACT
ArchaicExpression.com holds information on members in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998, and will adhere to any other relevant future legislation in this area. Under this legislation, members can obtain a copy of all information which ArchaicExpression.com has on its databases in relation to them. Members wishing to obtain such information should contact support@archaicexpression.com.
USE OF INFORMATION
ArchaicExpression.com only holds and uses personal information to provide additional service to our members. These services include, but are not restricted to; making delivery easier by holding default details for delivery, issuing reminders and gift suggestions for birthdays and other occasions, and tailoring bargain notices and other portal content to members individual preferences. To this end, information collected on members will only be made available to portal retailers and the portal itself and will not be disclosed to any third party without prior consent being obtained from the member or members concerned.
MEMBERSHIP DURATION
Information shall be retained by ArchaicExpression.com for the duration of an individual’s membership. Membership is for an indefinite period but may be terminated at the members request by contacting ArchaicExpression.com at support@archaicexpression.com.
PUBLIC FORUM
This site may from time to time make available, chat rooms, forums, message boards, and similar media for members to express views and ideas. It should be noted that information posted to these areas becomes public information and ArchaicExpression.com advises that no personal details should be disclosed in such areas.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
We have tried to anticipate any queries you may have in relation to the area of privacy and confidentiality. Common questions are answered in our Frequently Asked Questions sections. If this statement fails to address any issue you may have in this are, please contact the helpdesk at support@archaicexpression.com for further details.
FEEDBACK
If you want to express a view directly to ArchaicExpression.com then please email us at support@archaicexpression.com.
InformationAbout Us
Delivery Information
Privacy & Policy
Terms & Conditions
Returns & Refunds
FAQ
MY ACCOUNTMy Account
My Cart
Wishlist
Checkout
contact info
332 Marshall Creek Rd, Roanoke, TX 76262
Customer Serivce: 24/7
+1-817-300-1212 / support@archaicexpression.com
© Copyright 2020. Designed by ArchaicExpression.com
0
0
TOP
X