http://arfhamptons.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Animal Rescue Fund of the Hamptons, Inc. (ARF) will not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations unless the donor has specifically given us permission to do so.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form, or make a donation either online of offline.
What do we use your personal information for?
Any of the personal information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your personal information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your personal information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
Your personal information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic information either online or offline
The personal information you provide to stay informed or for donation processing, may be used to send you information on our life-saving work and updates pertaining to your donation or registration, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. to help keep you informed about ARF.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list please contact us at 631-537-0400 x219.
Do we use cookies on our website?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any personal information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information whether obtained online or offline. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Third party links on our website
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance on our website
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under the age of 13. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, or conducting business with us offline, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Animal Rescue Fund of the Hamptons, Inc.
124 Daniels Hole Road
P.O. Box 901
Wainscott, New York 11975
USA
www.arfhamptons.org
info@arfhamptons.org
631-537-0400
Adoptions
View Our Pets
Animals for Foster
Recently Adopted
ARF’s Top Ten
Adoption Requirements
Adoption Fees & Info
Testimonials
Giving Opportunities
Donate
Memorial Bricks
Fundraise for ARF
The Kit Kat Fund
ARFmart
The ARF Yearbook
Estate Planning
Thrift Shop
Lemonarf
arfITECTURE
Wishlist
Support Our Supporters
Events
ARF Calendar of Events
Alumni Reunion and Pet Celebration Day
Designer Show House
Bow Wow Meow Ball
Champion
of
Animals
Honorees
Dog Walk
About
Visit Us
Mission Statement
Board of Directors/Staff
Financials
Employment
News/Press
Give Us Feedback
Privacy Policy
Humane Partners
Programs/Services
Pet Emergency Info
Volunteer
Dog Training Classes
Animal Behavior Tips
Operation Cat
Pet Food Pantry
Wellness and Vaccine Clinics
Humane Education
Van
Mobile Adoption
Mobile Spay/Neuter