https://arkansasfoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Arkansas Foodbank shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, Arkansas Foodbank has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on the Site.
Arkansas Foodbank values the privacy of our donors and does not copy, reproduce, publish, post, distribute, share or sell, the name, personal contact information or description of donors to any outside individual or business. Exceptions are those required by law, requested in grant applications or in connection with bank credit or debit card transactions made with prior knowledge or consent of the donor.
ARKANSAS DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
The Arkansas Foodbank will not trade or sell personal donor information from donations made whether online, in person or any other method.
ARKANSAS FOODBANK’S COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
In the course of using the Site, Arkansas Foodbank may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number as well as other relevant information. The Foodbank also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Mozilla  Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. AT&T, Comcast or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
HOW ARKANSAS FOODBANK USES THE INFORMATION
Arkansas Foodbank uses the non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. Arkansas Foodbank may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, Arkansas Foodbank shares this Aggregate Data with Foodbank’s related entities, partners and/or other third party vendors. Arkansas Foodbank shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Except as otherwise indicated, Arkansas Foodbank uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) for internal marketing purposes and as part of Arkansas Foodbank’s donor database; (c) to provide you additional and updated information, materials and other advertisements regarding the Arkansas Foodbank services; (d) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (e) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (f) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (g) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, Arkansas Foodbank agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Arkansas Foodbank encourages all its business partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. Arkansas Foodbank will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, Arkansas Foodbank shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow Arkansas Foodbank the right to use your personally identifiable information as described, please contact Arkansas Foodbank in the manner identified in the “Opt-Out” section below. The Aggregate Data and Personal Information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of Arkansas Foodbank or its assets.
OPT OUT
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow Arkansas Foodbank to use your information in the manner described above by simply checking the box provided on the contribution form itself, or by contacting us directly at 501-565-8121. Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, Arkansas Foodbank will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
i need food
Agency Locator Map
Food Mobile Distributions
SNAP
i want to help
Donate
Become a Monthly Donor
Make a Tribute Donation
Support While You Shop
Legacy of Hope
Event Sponsors
Feeding Hope
More Ways to Give
I Want to Volunteer
Warehouse
Service Projects
Special Events
Corporate Engagement
Cause Marketing
Hold a Food and Fund Drive
Events
Empty Bowls
Harvest Night
Day of Giving
Summer Cereal Drive
Hunger Action Month
Community Events
Hunger Heroes
Hunger Fighter Patch Program
Giving Tuesday
Food For the Holidays KARK Telethon for the Arkansas Foodbank
Join Harvesters
Faith Relations Resources
Corporate Partners
partner resources
Member Agency
I Want to Join
Backpack Program Tool Kit
Nutrition Education
about us
Arkansas Foodbank Info
Our Story
Merger
Newsletter
Financials
Bridging Hope Capital Campaign
Programs
Food For Families
Food For Kids
Food For Seniors
Community Relations
Campus Pantries
Arkansas Hunger Statistics
News Feed
Staff
Board of Directors
Careers
Why I Love My Job
Visit the Foodbank
Meet the People We Serve
Location & Hours
Contact Us
COVID