https://aronberglaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information Aronberg, Aronberg & Green collects through the website located at (the “Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website”), and how we use, share and protect that information. This Privacy Statement does not govern the collection of information through any website, or any other means, other than through the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website.
The below specifically describes our Privacy Statement:
We do not collect personal information through the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website unless you voluntarily provide such information to us. Personal information such as name, address, phone number and email address is collected through the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website from visitors who submit a contact or request form, register for events, or request that we provide a link to the Website to a third party. We use personal information to respond to your inquiries, register you for events, or for any other purposes for which you provide such information.
Our web server automatically recognizes and records certain information about visitors to the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website. This includes date and time of access, IP address, web browser type and version, and address of the website from which you entered the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website. The web server does not record e-mail addresses. We use this information only to optimize and improve the content of the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website.
We use temporary, session-specific cookies to track Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website traffic. Cookies do not reveal or contain any identifying or personal data, cannot read any information on your computer, and cannot interact with other cookies on your hard drive. Cookies stay on the user’s hard drive to identify site visits and whether the user is a returning visitor.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share personal information about visitors of the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website, except as described herein. We may share non-personal information with third parties who provide us statistical information about the use of the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website.
We undertake reasonable security measures to protect the information collected through the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website. While we place a priority on the security of personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website.
The Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website may contain links to external websites for your convenience. We do not endorse these websites and are not responsible for the content, accuracy or privacy practices of such websites.
We may change this Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice to you. We will post a notice on the home page of the Aronberg, Aronberg & Green Website to notify you of any significant changes to this Privacy Statement.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please email us at info@aronberglaw.com.
Start Free Consultation
Free Consultation
Complete the form below, call 561.266.9191 or
Live Chat Available 24/7
Full Name
Email
Phone
How were you injured?
I was in a car accidentI fell or was hurt on someone else’s propertyI was injured in a medical errorSomeone I love was killed due to negligence— Other —
Message
Request Consultation
You can also Contact our offices directly
Boca Raton, Florida
561.988.0660
2255 Glades Road
Suite 324
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
Cherry Hill, New Jersey
215.229.4545
33 Leith Hill
Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08003
Delray Beach, Florida
561.266.9191
2160 West Atlantic Avenue
Delray Beach, Florida 33445
Plantation, Florida
954.667.1234
1200 S. Pine Island Road
Suite 220
Plantation, Florida 33324
Wellington, Florida
561.740.1441
12161 Ken Adams Way,
Suite 110-E1
Wellington, Florida 33414
Menu/
Home/
The Firm/
Attorneys/
Practice Areas/
FAQs/
Blog/
Results/
Privacy/
Terms/
Contact/
Top/
Free Case Consultation
—
You don't pay unless you win!
Call
Email
Chat
You can also email us directly info@aronberglaw.com
We look forward to helping with your case.