http://artsales.com/help/privacy.html
...
where art and art lovers meet...
Article:
Angelic
Journey
In Time
Chief's
Pride
A
Collaboration
Earl
Waggoner
Giclee
Prints
Sponsor
Support
ARTstudio
Boyce
Bronze
Privacy Policies:
artsales.com primary mission is to provide web hosting services
for artists interested in having an online fine art gallery.
Other services such as art publishing, giclee printing and art marketing
are secondary services requiring additional technical support beyond
the scope of web hosting and Internet advertising exposure.
artsales.com is committed to safeguard your privacy online at
any of our sites. Please for your own edification read the following
information to gain a better understanding of how your personal
information will be used by artsales.com.
artsales.com adheres to OPA Privacy standards. As the Internet
and World Wide Arts Resources develop this policy might change.
We do encourage you to return again to see if there have been any
changes to our privacy policy.
What personal information does artsales.com collect?
artsales.com collects information in several ways. Personal information
is gathered from our clients when registering a web site, for art
news, artist portfolio,  online fine art gallery portfolio
or providing web hosting resources with our registration services.
When customers end up purchasing any of the products offered by
artsales.com some personal information is gathered for processing
purposes and to better serve our client. The more accurate the information
provided the better our services will be.
How does artsales.com use my Information?
artsales.com guarentees the use of all your information in a responsible
manner! We use the information internally to be able to better serve
you. We might send you an announcement of new or improved services
at artsales.com. We might classify your records according to where
your resource is located to better serve out visitors in terms of
geographic location.
artsales.com might use your personal information for advertising
targeting on our site to better serve your interests. If an advertiser
requests for example to show advertisements to users from New York
City we target the ad towards those of you who live in New York
and surrounding areas. However, we do NOT make your personal information
available to the advertiser. Your information is safe with us!
For those people who contact our advertizer's directly the artist
for whom we do the web hosting is solely responsible for how they
use of your contact and persaonal information.
Does artsales.com sell my Information?
artsales.com DOES NOT SELL, RENT OR RELEASE PERSONAL INFORMATION
GATHERED ON OUR SITES TO OTHER COMPANIES, INDIVIDUALS OR GROUPS!
Any information gathered is only used at artsales.com for purposes
stated above.
How secure are my Transactions at artsales.com?
artsales.com uses industry standard secure server software. Should
the client provide us with sensitive information for any reason
(such as a credit card number), that information will be encrypted
with industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology. Please
note that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure
means of transmitting credit card numbers.
What else you need to know about your privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information online - for example on message boards, through email,
or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by
others. In short, if you post personal information online that is
accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from
other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible
for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account
information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Site map | Shop
|Top of Page | Legal | Privacy
| Contact Us | Disclaimer
©2003-2010, artsales.com All Rights Reserved