https://arts.vcu.edu/academics/pre-college-prep/pre-college-summer-intensive/admitted-students/program-policies/
Admitted Students Admitted StudentsProgram PoliciesSupplemental FormsHomeAcademicsPre-College and PrepPre-College Summer IntensiveAdmitted Students
The VCUarts Pre-College Summer Intensive emphasizes growth and development of the individual student by encouraging self-discipline and fostering a respect for the rights and privileges of others. It is the role of each student to maintain an environment that is conducive to learning and personal growth.Summer Intensive students are expected to be responsible and mature members of the VCU living and learning community. Students recognize that respect for others is essential to establishing a highly functioning environment. Respect for both the personnel and the property of VCU is expected at all times.The Program Director, Head and Assistant Head of Residence Life, senior counselors, counselors, and faculty members to are responsible for consistently and uniformly applying all policies and regulations.Residence Life Staff RoleMake available a living environment which contributes to the student’s educationProvide services which help the students meet or exceed their goalsProvide the students clear leadership and directionCounselor Staff RoleEscort students to all program activitiesProvide information and answer questionsEffectively respond to student concerns in a timely mannerThe following policies and regulations set forth the rights and responsibilities of all students. Summer Intensive students are subject to federal, state and local laws and ordinances. All conduct guidelines adhere to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and ensure a secure and safe living and learning environment.GENERALNotice of Nondiscrimination and Equal OpportunityVirginia Commonwealth University does not discriminate in admissions, treatment, employment or access to its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin (including ethnicity), age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parenting status, marital status, political affiliation, veteran status, genetic information (including family medical history), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, or disability, as required by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Virginia Human Rights Act; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; the Governor’s Executive Order Number One (2014); and other state or federal laws and university policies. VCU prohibits sexual and sex-/gender-based misconduct, discrimination, harassment and interpersonal violence, including sexual assault. VCU also prohibits discrimination against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Please visit VCU Equity and Access Services for more information.Disorderly ConductDisrupting or preventing the peaceful or orderly conduct of classes, lectures, meetings, or other University functions including a residence hall community conducive to studying and repose, or interfering with the lawful freedom of other persons, including invited speakers, to express their views, or interfering with the performance of the duties of University personnel are prohibited. Counselors will complete an incident report for any student who violates this policy. Incident reports will be submitted to the Head of Residence Life. More than one such offense may result in the student being sanctioned, their parents being called, or dismissal from the program. Please visit the VCU Student Code of Conduct for more information.Sexual Misconduct/Violence and Sex/Gender DiscriminationVirginia Commonwealth University is committed to providing an environment that emphasizes the dignity and value of every member of its community and that is free from sexual misconduct, assault, harassment or any form of discrimination based on sex/gender. VCU does not tolerate Sexual Assault, Sexual Exploitation, Partner or Relationship Violence, Sex or Gender-Based Discrimination, Retaliation or Complicity (“Prohibited Conduct”). These behaviors are harmful to the well-being of our community members, the university’s learning/working environment and collegial relationships among our students, faculty and staff. All forms of Prohibited Conduct under this policy are regarded as serious offenses and violations will result in discipline or other administrative action. In developing and implementing this policy and procedures, VCU is committed to providing a fair and impartial process for all parties. VCU will take prompt and appropriate action to eliminate Prohibited Conduct, prevent its recurrence and remedy its effects. Please refer to the VCU Sexual Misconduct/Violence and Sex/Gender Discrimination document for more information.Program Activity and Classroom Participation and ConductAll students are expected to participate in every program activity, including meals, classes, evening activities, etc. Class attendance is required unless excused by the Program Director or a physician. Students, as well as faculty, have a responsibility for creating and maintaining an environment that supports instruction. In order for faculty members and teaching assistants to provide, and for students to receive effective instruction in classrooms, studios, and other learning environments, the University expects students to conduct themselves in an orderly and cooperative manner.General Safety on CampusSummer Intensive students may have less freedom while on campus than they may have at home. Students must be supervised by a VCU staff member at all times while participating in the program, including when commuting on campusStudent AccessibilityIn compliance with the provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, VCU provides reasonable accommodation to any student with a documented disability. Please contact the Student Accessibility and Educational Opportunity for more information and to register for accommodations.Property DamageVandalism and destruction of program, university, or residence hall property, or the destruction of personal property of others, is prohibited. Throwing items out of residence hall windows is prohibited. Students found in violation of this policy will have to make restitution to the appropriate parties. Each student is held responsible for damage to his/her room or other university property.It is each student’s responsibility to prevent property damage, where possible, and to ascertain responsibility for the damage when it occurs. Please turn in to your counselor the names of individuals responsible for the damage so that the student(s) can be billed accordingly. Residents of entire floors or sections of halls may be held responsible collectively for damage to the public areas or furnishings therein. The cost of the damages will be charged to the student(s).Alcohol, Tobacco, Illegal Drugs, and FirearmsStudents may not possess or use alcohol, illegal drugs, drug paraphernalia or tobacco of any kind. Students may not possess firearms, weapons or “look alike” weapons of any kind.GraffitiGraffiti and tagging are serious forms of property damage. In Richmond, this criminal offense is taken very seriously by the City of Richmond Police; the Judicial System; the VCU Police and University officials. A first offense may have a minimum sentence of 90 days. Any violation of this law may result in program dismissal and possible prosecution.Alterations of AppearanceWe encourage students to contact their parents or guardians before making a decision to alter their appearance while attending the Summer Intensive. This includes, but is not limited to, haircuts, hair coloring, piercings, tattoos, etc.Medical Incidents and EmergenciesAny illness or medical emergency must be reported to a Counselor or other available VCU staff member. The Counselor will arrange for any medical attention necessary. Please call 911 immediately if an incident is life threatening.Calling or otherwise summoning emergency responders, for example by pulling an alarm, without reasonable cause is prohibited and may result in criminal charges under Virginia law.VCU ID CardsStudents must carry their VCU ID card with them at all times. This will allow entry into the residence hall and to the dining hall. Students will be charged a $25 replacement fee for a lost or stolen VCU ID card.Leaving Campus and TransportationStudents are not allowed to ride in vehicles at any time during the program unless accompanied by a program staff member or provided written permission by their parent/guardian.Students may not leave campus at any time without written permission from their parents/ A counselor or senior staff member must sign out the student before leaving campus.Failure to ComplyRefusal to respond to a request or directive from University personnel (including but not limited to professors, teaching assistants, members of the counseling team, security guards, the Head of Residence Life or the Program Director) acting in the performance of their duty is a violation of the Summer Intensive policy.COMPUTER AND NETWORK RESOURCES USEVirginia Commonwealth University provides and maintains computer and network resources to support its faculty, staff, and students in their education, research, patient care, and work activities. All individuals receiving a university computing account, or using VCU computer and network resources, are expected to comply with this Computer and Network Resources Use policy. All users of these resources are expected to restrict their use of VCU computer and network resources to university-related responsibilities and actions. Limited personal use of the university’s computer and network resources is permitted only when it does not interfere with the performance of the user’s job or other university responsibilities or other university functions and is otherwise in accordance with this policy. Use of the university’s computer and network resources for an individual’s business or for personal commercial purposes is not authorized. Further limits may be imposed upon personal use in accordance with accepted management principles.All users of VCU computer and network resources are expected to act in a responsible, ethical, and legal manner. VCU computer and network resource users must respect the rights and privacy of other users, share computer and network resources equitably and follow VCU policies and local, state, and federal laws relating to copyrights, privacy, security, and other uses of computer, networks, or electronic media. University employees are specifically prohibited from using VCU computers, networks, or electronic media in contravention of Va. Code Section 2.2-2827 as detailed more fully below.Noncompliance with this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination for employees or expulsion for students. Suspected violations of this policy should be reported according to the policy specifics and procedures. VCU supports an environment free from retaliation. Retaliation against any person who brings forth a good faith concern, asks a clarifying question, or participates in an investigation is prohibited.Please refer to the Computer and Network Resources Use policy document for more information.RESIDENCE LIFEGeneral CourtesyStudents are expected to display courtesy in the following manner:Please keep the noise level to a minimum in the residence hall and near university offices.Keep rooms clean and the common areas free of clutter.Clean up after activities in the shared or common spaces.CurfewEach student is responsible for the following:To be on their assigned floors by 11PM every eveningTo be in their rooms by 11:45PM and lights are to be out at midnight.To lock their doors each night, and any time they leave their rooms, for the safety and security of personal property.To remain in their rooms until 7AM unless they need to use the restroom.Students are not permitted to congregate in the hall, in the lounge or in the room of another student between 11:45PM and 7AM. Students who leave the residence hall after curfew without permission will be immediately dismissed from the program.Visiting Other RoomsStudents must leave the door open while visiting the room of another student, regardless of gender. Students are not permitted to congregate in the hall, in the lounge or in the room of another student between 11:45PM and 7AMAnimalsAnimals are not permitted in university facilities unless specifically authorized, such as a service animal or, for residence halls only, an animal otherwise approved as an accommodation for a disability.AppliancesThe use of electrical appliances such as a hot plate, soup warmer, toaster oven, electric grills such as the George Foreman grill or electric frying pans is prohibited, as they constitute a fire hazard.Use of mobile electronic devices and televisions are permitted as long as they do not unreasonably disrupt the program.Floor fans, microwave ovens and small refrigerators are permitted.SmokingSmoking is prohibited inside or within 25 feet of any university building.VisitorsVisitors are generally discouraged so that students can concentrate on program-specific activities. All visitors must be pre-approved by the student’s parent or guardian and by the Head of Residence Life or Senior Counselor on duty.Posting SignsAll signs need to be posted utilizing masking tape to prevent damage to the wall covering. No staples or tacks are to be used. If a student chooses to decorate his or her room, all decorations must be removed before check-out at the end of the program. Students will be charged a fee for removing anything left on the walls, doors or ceilings upon departure.Quiet HoursQuiet hours are designed to allow students to sleep, prepare for class and socialize, but not disturb those around them. Quiet hours are from 10PM until 8AM Sunday through Thursday, and from 11PM until 8AM on Friday and Saturday.Lockout ProcedureThe Head and Assistant Head of Residence life, and program counselors, will be living in the residence hall throughout the Summer Intensive. Program staff is able to let a student into their room if locked out.Residence Hall KeysStudents will be charged a $70 replacement fee for a lost or stolen residence hall key.Maintenance RequestsIf students experience maintenance problems they should tell their counselor who will submit a maintenance request form. If the problem is of an emergency nature, i.e., running or leaking water, power outages, an air conditioning problem or a hazardous situation, inform a security guard and they will radio the on-call maintenance person. Please contact the residence hall security desk immediately if any of these situations occur.CAMPUS SAFETY AND SECURITYTheftTheft and/or possession of stolen property are violations of state law and prohibited by residence hall policy. Students are encouraged to report missing property to their Counselors and to the VCU Police. Students must keep doors locked at all times.ValuablesVCU does not assume responsibility for any lost or damaged items, and recommends that no valuable items such as jewelry be brought to campus. Students are encouraged to use check or charge cards to cover personal expenses while attending to program.To keep personal property safe please follow these guidelines:Never leave belongings unattended or unsecured while in class, the library, the Commons, while attending evening activities, or travelling on field trips.Carry only enough cash and credit cards needed each day.Safety is everyone’s responsibility. Awareness is prevention. If you see something, say something.Safety EquipmentSmoke detectors, fire alarms and fire extinguishers are installed for their intended use and should not be tampered with or removed from the designated locations.Emergency DoorsThe emergency doors at the end of each hallway in the residence hall do not open unless the fire alarm is sounding. The front door is the only way to enter and exit the building. The VCU Police monitor dorm access and exit according to card key swipes. The Head of Residence Life and the Program Director receive a print out of this dorm access and exit log. Students found entering or exiting the building after curfew will be dismissed from the program immediately.FIRE PROCEDURESEach student is responsible for the following:Knowing the location of all fire alarm pull stations on their floors and how to activate them.Knowing the location of alternative exits. NEVER use the elevator when a fire alarm sounds.If a fire has been detected, exercise reasonable caution as follows:Sound the alarm immediately to alert all residents.Shut all doors and windows in the vicinity of the fire.If the fire can be contained immediately, use a fire extinguisher.Exit by the nearest stairway. Do not use the elevator. Do not run. Remain calm.Everyone must evacuate the building when an alarm sounds.If a fire alarm is activated, evacuate the residence hall as quickly as possible. We recommend:Dressing properly. Wear shoes and take a wet towel to cover their faces in smoke-filled spots.Take your VCU ID card and room keys when exiting the building.Keep low to the floor if you encounter smoke.Feel doors before opening them. If a door is hot, do not open it. If it is not hot, brace yourself against it and open slightly. If heat or heavy smoke is present, close the door quickly. Do not panic. Find another exit.After exiting the building, meet the counselors at designated points outside of the building so each counselor can be certain all students have exited the building safely. This assembly point will be at least 50 feet from the residence hall.Remain outside of the building until the re-entry signal is given.If all exits are blocked, remain calm and go back to your room. Close the door and take the following action:Seal the cracks around the door, using sheets, pieces of clothing or whatever is handy.To let smoke out and bring fresh air in, open windows a few inches. Then hang an object out the window to alert the Fire Department to your location.If possible, call VCU Police (804-828-1234) to report being trapped. Be certain to give your room number and residence hall location.Emergency Reporting Telephone System (ERTS)The VCU Police Department maintains a system of approximately 200 emergency call boxes throughout the campus. These phones connect directly to the VCU Police Department Emergency Communications Division and are for use by the VCU community when police assistance is needed. The phones may also be used for general information.Look for the yellow call boxes located outside of the buildings or while indoors look for red wall phones. Dialing is unnecessary. When you lift the receiver or push the button, you can give a message directly to a trained communications officer. Even if you cannot leave a message, your location is pinpointed on a call directory and a police officer is sent to your location.Security personnel wear uniforms and are constantly in radio communication with police dispatchers.Campus Police Officers patrol the campus on foot, on bikes, on scooters and in automobiles.MISSING STUDENT POLICYStudents must remain under the supervision of VCU staff at all times while on the VCU campus. The following procedure has been put into place to ensure students’ safety while on campus.As soon as a counselor finds out that a student is missing they will immediately notify the Head of Residence Life during the evenings and the Program Director during the day.The Head of Residence Life or Program Director will then notify the VCU Police. The police will put a message out via radio for their officers to be on the lookout for the student.If the student is not back within one hour the Head of Residence Life/Program Director will telephone their parents or guardians. This notification will take place no matter the time of the day or night.The student is to call the Head of Residence Life or Program Director as soon as they return to campus and a time will be arranged for disciplinary action to take place.ENFORCEMENT OF PROGRAM POLICIES AND REGULATIONSThe Program Director may exercise disciplinary measures, including dismissal from the program, after giving the student notice of the charges against them. If the student denies the charges, they will have an opportunity to present their version of what occurred during an informal hearing that will be held as soon as possible after the alleged misconduct. During the hearing, an explanation of the facts as known by Summer Intensive staff will also be presented.REFUND POLICYFull refunds (minus the non-refundable $50 application fee and the $300 deposit) will be made for those canceling prior to July 1 of the Program year. No refunds will be available after July 1.Once the student is on campus, refunds will not be made if the student leaves the Program early for any reason, or is expelled for disciplinary reasons.