https://asianpacificfund.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Asian Pacific Fund
Menu  Who We Are
About UsNews & ResourcesJoin Our TeamContact Us
What We Do
Affiliate NonprofitsAnnual GalaAPI SummitChang-Lin Tien AwardFunding InitiativesScholarshipsSpeaker Series
Make an Impact
Stories of ImpactWays to GiveCOVID-19 Response Fund
Donate
Privacy Policy
Asian Pacific Fund places a high priority on protecting your privacy and is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information entrusted to us by those who visit our website.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Website Analytics
Like all organizations with an online presence, Asian Pacific Fund receives standard tracking data such as: Internet Protocol address, the type of computer operating system, the type of browser software, and the date and time accessing the website. We use this information for internal use only to help us maintain the website, e.g., to ensure the site is functioning properly and to help us improve the site usability. No information received from your web browser are associated with you as an individual and is measured only in aggregate.
Asian Pacific Fund also utilizes Google Analytics which uses cookies to help provide better website services and lets us take you to the information and features you are particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of our website so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. The cookies do not collect personally identifiable information about you. No information received from cookies are associated with you as an individual and is measured only in aggregate. You can set your browser settings to refuse cookies or to notify you when cookies are set.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US
Online Donations
Asian Pacific Fund works with Qgiv to process online donations. To protect the security of your information, Qgiv uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information. More information about their privacy policy can be found here.
We collect the following information: first and last name, mailing address and email address. We will use the information for donor acknowledgement, thank you letters and record keeping. If you prefer not to be recognized, you may indicate “Anonymous” when making your gift. With your permission, we will send you periodic postal mail or email communications including information about events and updates about our activities.
Email Newsletter
When subscribing to our email newsletter, we collect only your email address. If you wish to update your contact information or unsubscribe from our newsletter, please send your request to info@asianpacificfund.org.
The Asian Pacific Fund does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Asian Pacific Fund may provide links to websites of other organizations and resources. Unless we expressly state otherwise, we make no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. A link to a website from Asian Pacific Fund is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or providers. When leaving our website, we recommend you check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting before providing personal information.
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES & LIABILITY
Because of the number of possible sources of information available through this website, and the inherent hazards and uncertainties of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions and inaccuracies in such information. Asian Pacific Fund cannot and does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currentness, noninfringement or fitness for a particular purpose of the information available through this website, nor do we guarantee that this website will be error-free and continuously available.
USE OF ASIAN PACIFIC FUND IDENTITY AND CONTENT
Any use of “Asian Pacific Fund,” its logo, or text or graphic materials contained in this website in any manner to express or imply endorsement, sponsorship, affiliation or association of the user with or by Asian Pacific Fund, is strictly prohibited.
Without prior written consent of Asian Pacific Fund, you may not create a link to this website that incorporates or relies upon, in whole or in part, any content from any page on this website, or that incorporates any copyrighted or otherwise intellectual property of the community foundation.
MODIFICATIONS
Our privacy policy may be amended from time to time. Such changes will be publicly posted on this page. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at info@asianpacificfund.org or call us at 415.395.9985
Search for:
Contact Us