https://aspenaftercare.com/privacy-policy/
Immediate Need
Immediate Need
First, let us say  we are so sorry for your loss.
We are here to help you 24 hours a day. Office hours are 9 – 5 Monday through Friday.
If you need someone to talk to after hours, tell our answering service.  We will call you back as soon as we are able.
To report a death to Aspen Cremation Service, please call 402-464-3111.
After that call, we will take your loved one into our care and will confirm a time and date for the arrangement conference. If you would prefer to expedite your time with our staff, you may enter your loved one’s basic information into our Statistical Information Form.
Search Obituaries
Search Obituaries
Recent Obituaries
Honoring Memories; Celebrating Lives
Michael Whitney Gallagher
Posted: December 10, 2020
A Celebration of his life will be held next year. Click on name for more information.
0 comments
Larry Eugene Luginbill
Posted: December 7, 2020
Passed away on December 7, 2020.
No service at this time.
Click on name for more information.
0 comments
Bessie Marie England
Posted: December 4, 2020
Passed away on December 3, 2020. Service information pending. Click on name for more information.
1 comment
Dayle Eugene Johnson
Posted: December 2, 2020
Passed away on December 1, 2020.
No service at this time.
Click on name for more information.
4 comments
Frances “Fran” Lorine Follett
Posted: November 30, 2020
Passed away on November 25, 2020. A memorial will take place virtually on Friday, Dec 11th courtesy of York Berean Church. For details about how to join visit www.yorkberean.org.
Click on name for more information.
0 comments
Contact Us / Location
English
Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Russian Spanish
Privacy, Terms &
Disclosure
Privacy, Terms & Internet Policies
We reserve the right to edit, or refuse to list, a condolence that contains language that is unlawful, harmful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable, or encourages conduct that might constitute a criminal offense.
We reserve the right to change the information contained in this web site without notice. Our company is not responsible for any unintentional errors that may be contained in this web site. Links to other web sites are provided for the convenience of the user and should not be construed as an endorsement of another web site or of the business referred to, or promoted, in another web site. We grant permission for any user to follow links to other web sites, but we cannot be held responsible for any content errors, copyright violations, libelous statements, offensive subject matter, or any other material that may be contained in those web sites, or in any succeeding web sites that may be reached by following those links. We cannot be held responsible for viruses contained in linked web sites or downloads.
We understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to our web site. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we may gather from our site, and how we may use this information once it has been gathered.
Personal Information
Our funeral home may collect personal information that site visitors provide when they complete any online form, application, or survey. Information provided in a request for service or information link/e-mail will be forwarded to one of our staff members so they can respond to the request. Our funeral home may contact any visitor who has submitted a request for additional information, regarding the request. Our company is the sole proprietor of all data files gathered and we do not rent or sell visitors’ personal information to non-affiliate companies without the consent of the visitor.
Site Visitorship Data
Our funeral home uses aggregated site visitorship data to improve the content and services offered to site visitors. All reports cite visitorship data on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means that no personal information is associated with it. This data may include:
• The number of people who visit our site
• The pages they visit
• The amount of time they stay on our site
• The domain name of the site where visitors are connecting from (aol.com for example)
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files that a web site transfers to a site visitor’s hard disk or browser for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. We do not use cookies to gather personal information, like a person’s name or e-mail address. In order to measure the effectiveness of our online presence, we may use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our web site, to determine the path visitors take on our site, and to identify visitors who came to our site as the result of a link on a third party web site. Any information gathered by the use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Hyperlinks
This web site contains hyperlinks or “links” to other sites, and other sites may “link” to this site. Web sites linking to and from this site may have different privacy practices from the ones described in this Privacy Policy and Disclaimer statement. Visitors to our site should read the privacy statements of other web sites they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Refund Policy/Merchandise Returns
Given the nature of our business, payment for our services is not refundable unless, in our sole discretion, an error has been made. Urns and other related merchandise are for sale at our location. If you believe an error has been made or believe there is a problem with any purchased merchandise, please notify us immediately. We will investigate and take any necessary action within five business days. All credit card refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase.
Shipping Policy
We can package, transport, and mail cremated remains by U.S Registered Mail only (other carries will not accept cremated remains) anywhere in the United States mainland for $100.
Changes to our Internet Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, make changes to this policy. We recommend that visitors to this site revisit this privacy policy on occasion to learn of new privacy practices and changes to our policy.
Contacting the Webmaster
Your comments about our services and policies are important to us. If site visitors have any questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy, or want to let us know what they think about any of our on-line products and services, they can use the “Contact Us” form/link accessible from every page on this site, or they can send an e-mail directly to our Webmaster by writing us at info@aspenaftercare.com.
Print This
Aspen Cremation Service represents the ideal combination of price and quality. We have low overhead and can pass on the savings. Let us earn your trust.
Aspen Cremation ServiceADDRESS:
4822 Cleveland Avenue
Lincoln, NE 68504
HOURS:
Open 24 hours 7 days a week
OFFICE HOURS:
Monday – Friday
9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
PHONE:
(402) 464-3111
EMAIL:
info@aspenaftercare.com
FAX:
(402) 464-3621
Our ServicesPRICING AND OPTIONS
PLANNING AHEAD
CONTACT
Accreditations
Scroll to top