http://attleboropolice.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
12 Union St.
Attleboro, MA 02703-2911 -
Non-Emergency Phone
508-222-1212
- www.attleboropolice.org
Connect With Us
— Main Menu —Home
News
Reverse 911 - Register for Reverse 911
Warrants
Information
Department - Gallery
- Organization Overview
- Informational Reports
- Policies & Procedures
- Animal Control
- Auxiliary Police Unit
Crash Reports
Forms - Alarm Ordinance & Forms
- Animal Complaint Form
- Firearms Law & Forms
- House & Business Checks Form
- Report / Record Requests
Logs - Logs – 2020
- Logs – 2019
- Logs – 2018
- Logs – 2017
- Logs – 2016
- Informational Reports
Contacts - Department Contacts
- Other Contacts
- Tipster Hotline
Home
News
Reverse 911
Register for Reverse 911
Warrants
Information
Department
Gallery
Organization Overview
Informational Reports
Policies & Procedures
Animal Control
Auxiliary Police Unit
Crash Reports
Forms
Alarm Ordinance & Forms
Animal Complaint Form
Firearms Law & Forms
House & Business Checks Form
Report / Record Requests
Logs
Logs – 2020
Logs – 2019
Logs – 2018
Logs – 2017
Logs – 2016
Informational Reports
Contacts
Department Contacts
Other Contacts
Tipster Hotline
Disclaimer & Privacy PolicyThe Attleboro Police Department provides this site as a public service. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this site or utilize this site for other than its intended purposes are prohibited. APD makes no claims or guarantees about the accuracy or currency of the contents of this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in its contents.
No warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom form computer virus, is given with respect to this website or its links to other websites.
All information and data on this website is subject to change without notice. Neither APD or its affiliates, employees or agents shall be liable for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by use of this website or in reliance upon the information contained herein or linked hereto.
You understand and agree that any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this website is done at your own peril and discretion and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material.
Privacy Policy
None of the APD web pages use “cookies.” A cookie is a file, resident on your computer which contains information a web site can use to store and track information about the user.
The site does maintain logs of visits to and use of its web pages. APD uses this information only for statistical analysis in order to identify user preferences and make the sites more user friendly. No personal information is gleaned or used from the logs. The collected information is not used to identify individual users and internet service providers.
E-mail logs for incoming e-mail containing sender’s and receiver’s identification and the date and time that the message was sent are also maintained. the e-mail log does contain the message sent.
APD also employs security measures which, in the event of any attempt at compromising the APD website and its support systems, are capable of identifying the offending individual user and the user’s internet service provider. All efforts at breaching the security of the APD website and its support systems will be referred to the appropriate agency for investigation and prosecution.
The primary goals of the Attleboro Police Department are many and diverse. They include the protection of life and property, resolution of conflicts, and provision for a feeling of security in the community. The Department also endeavors to reduce the opportunities for the commission of crime through prevention strategies and identification, apprehension, and prosecution of offenders, as well as the preservation of peace in the City of Attleboro
Latest Tweets
The missing person from the previous tweet has been located. Thank you to all who shared or provided info.
About 2 days ago from Attleboro Police's Twitter via Twitter for iPhone
The Attleboro Police Department is seeking the public’s help in locating Richard WESTCOAT, who was reported missing this morning from an uptown nursing home in Attleboro. Staff last reported seeing him at the home yesterday afternoon on 12/7.
About 3 days ago from Attleboro Police's Twitter via Twitter for iPhone
pic.twitter.com/x5XKmyAqWA
Last week from Attleboro Police's Twitter via Twitter for iPhone
MASS MOST WANTED
Attleboro Police Department | 12 Union Street, Attleboro, MA 02703-2911
Non-Emergency Phone  508-222-1212