https://audioscripture.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Audio Scripture Ministries (ASM) respects your privacy and is committed to abiding by all applicable laws concerning secure data governance. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide transparency about the information we collect, outline our policy for safeguarding and using the information, and to give you a clear way to request removal of your information, if you so desire.
Website Visitor Data Collected. When you visit ASM’s website (audioscripture.org or asmtoday.org) we use cookies to collect anonymous information and generalized reports about how visitors use the website. To better serve you, we also collect any information you choose to submit via our contact form or sign-up forms.
We use cookies to only collect the following information in an anonymous, aggregated form: number of visitors to the website, generalized location data, referring websites, time spent on the website, and specific pages visited on the website. All IP addresses are automatically anonymized.
Feedback and inquiries: any questions, comments, or suggestions you submit.
Your request to receive periodic updates: if you request it, we send periodic mailings or emails related to prayer concerns, specific fundraising appeals, and newsletters.
How ASM’s Website Visitor Data is Used.
We use your feedback and inquiries, along with anonymized web traffic information, to better serve you and respond to visitors, in line with our mission to “help connect people to God’s Word in their own heart language.”
If you choose to submit your name, email, and email preferences to us in a contact form or sign-up form, we will respond to your query or add you to the distribution list you request, using a third-party email service (mailchimp.com or Salsa Labs’ “Engage”). Mailchimp is certified to comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. For more details: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
If you submit an email via our contact form, it is retained indefinitely as an email record.
Donor Information Collected. When you donate to the ministry, offline or online, we may securely collect:
Contact information: Name, organization/church, address, phone number, email address.
Payment information: Your donations are processed through a fully PCI-compliant payment processor (“cardpointe.com” using “Card Secure”), and your donation record is stored in their secure servers (more details of the PCI-validated security defenses of “Card Secure” are listed here: https://support.cardconnect.com/cardsecure).
Mailing information: Name, organization/church, complete address.
Feedback and inquiries: Any questions, comments, suggestions you submit. We take seriously each recommendation or request as to how we might improve communication.
Your request to receive periodic updates: If you request it, we send periodic mailings related to specific fundraising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
General website usage: Anonymized IP addresses, generalized website traffic patterns, collected and reported through Google Analytics. More privacy info at: https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance.
How ASM Uses Your Donor Information.
ASM uses the information you provide to process your tax-deductible donation in accordance with USA federal policy and Michigan law, respond to your needs or requests, thank you for your donation, and to keep you updated as requested.
Specifically, we use your information to:
Process your desired one-time or recurring donation
Mail donation receipts and/or year-end statements
Communicate with you regarding your donation
Update you on ministry advances
Provide you with requested information or resources.
Credit card numbers are only used for processing your donation, and are not stored for other purposes after donation submission.
If you submit a comment via our contact form, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. We have implemented reCAPTCHA v3 on our contact forms to fight spam emails, and use of reCAPTCHA v3 is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
No Outside Sharing of Personal Information. ASM will not sell, rent, or lease constituent information—obtained online or offline—to other organizations.  We are committed, with all due diligence, to keeping constituent information confidential and secure.  Access to and use of constituent information will be solely limited to the internal functions of Audio Scripture Ministries and only to fulfill constituent requests and corresponding ministry activities so together we can better “connect people to God’s Word in their own heart language.”
Removing Your Name From ASM’s Mailing List.  We seek to be wise stewards with mailings, and avoid sending unwanted mail or unrequested email updates to our supporters. Please contact us (via email or phone, below) if you wish to be removed from our mailing list, or would like to only receive email communications, or if you would like to receive a copy of your stored donor data.
Contacting Us.  We so appreciate your trust and partnership.  If you have questions or comments about ASM’s Privacy Policy, or want to request any or all of your information be removed from our database, please email us at info@audioscripture.org or call us at 616.396.5291.  Thank you so much for your prayers and support, resulting in more people hearing and responding to the Gospel of Jesus, as together we connect them to the Bible in their heart language.
(Privacy Policy last updated: 6/15/2020)
Sign-up today to hear what God is doing around the world through your support of ASM, and pray alongside our ASM teams.
Yes, keep me updated!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, keeping in accordance with applicable laws and our privacy policy. Yes, I acceptNoPrivacy policy