https://augulislawfirm.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Our Firm
About Our Firm
Attorney and Staff Profiles
Communities We Serve
Hunterdon County
Middlesex County
Edison
Woodbridge
Somerset County
Hillsborough
Warren
Sussex County
Franklin
Union County
Plainfield
Services
Asset & Business Planning
Estate And Gift Tax Figures
Estate Planning Services
Incapacity Planning
IRA & Retirement Planning
Legacy Planning Services
Medicaid and Elder Law
SECURE Act
Special Needs Planning
Trust Administration
Webinars
Resources
Elder Law
Elder Law & Medicaid Definitions
Elder Law reports
Elder Law Resources
Plainfield Elder Law
Estate Planning
Estate Planning Checkup
Estate Planning Definitions
Incapacity Planning Definitions
Is Your Estate Plan Outdated?
New Jersey Estate Planning Resources
Top 10 Estate and Legacy Planning Techniques
Free Estate Planning Worksheet
Free Seminars
Frequently Asked Questions
Estate Planning
Elder Law
Frequently Asked Questions for Families Without an Estate Plan
Legacy Wealth Planning
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Trust Administration & Probate
Newsletters
Pre Consultation Form
Probate and Trust Administration
Bereavement Resources
How to Know if You Need Extra Help With Your Grieving
Loss of a Loved One
Probate Resources
Hillsborough Township Probate
Plainfield Probate
The Mourner’s Bill of Rights
Things You Need To Do When a Loved One Passes Away With a Trust
Things You Need To Do When a Loved One Passes Away With a Will
Trust Administration & Probate Definitions
Published Books
Reviews
Our Reviews
Review Us
Blog
Contact Us
Search the site...Home » Privacy PolicyOur law firm collects personal information only when you submit it to us. If you decide to submit such personal information, we or an external service provider will retain the information that you submit in a database, and we will use this information to complete your request. Any service provider that we designate will have agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any third party, and we will also not share the information with any third party except for the service provider. We may also use the information retained in the database to communicate with you directly via email or direct mail, such as to inform you about upcoming seminars that may be of interest to you. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, but we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
Currently, we only employ a “cookie” for more accurate traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the page viewed and the referring website. This cookie retains some form submission details. The data that we do collect is never stored in any individual website tracking profile and only serves to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor site traffic. We may share non-personal, anonymous information collected through cookies with third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be made through a revised posting on our website.
With the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Estate Planning Attorneys, as CPAs, banks, trust companies and other financial service providers, are now required to inform their clients of their policies regarding the privacy of client information.
Attorneys have always been required under their Code of Professional Conduct to keep their clients’ information confidential. Therefore we have always protected your right to privacy. Furthermore, in order to practice before the Internal Revenue Service, we are forbidden from disclosing any client information provided for tax planning or preparation services without your prior written consent.
Non-Public Information We Collect. We collect non-public personal information about you that is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information. We do not disclose private personal information about clients or former clients obtained in the course of our practice, except as required or permitted by law.
Required Disclosures
As legal professionals, we are required by law to make disclosures of private information where we have knowledge of elder or child abuse, or of the intent to commit a crime.
Permitted Disclosures
Employees. In order to complete work you engaged our firm to produce, your private information may need to be disclosed to employees of our firm.
Outside Providers. On occasion, we may need to provide your private information to unrelated third parties who may be called on to assist us in completing work you have engaged our firm to complete. This information is never provided without first obtaining your written permission. Examples of third parties to whom your private information might be disclosed are an accountant to assist us with tax research or accounting services, an appraiser to help us to value your assets, or a life insurance professional providing us with quotes for obtaining life insurance coverage.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Client Information. In order to better serve you and your heirs, as well as comply with certain professional guidelines and requirements, we retain records of the professional services that we provide. As part of our commitment to provide you with the finest service possible, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the private information of our clients and former clients. These safeguards comply with our professional standards as well as with the federal regulations.
Request Not to Release Information. The Federal Trade Commission regulations require us to notify you of your right to request that our firm not release your non-public personal information. While it is unnecessary for you to do so, because our firm does not release any private information, in the interest of satisfying the regulations we include this disclosure.
Although the attorney / client privilege by which our firm is bound prohibits us from releasing any communications between you and one of our attorneys, you can always request that our firm release such information to anyone you designate.
Should you have any further questions regarding our privacy policies and procedures, please feel free to call our office at (908) 222-8803, or email us at info@augulislawfirm.com.
Primary Sidebar
Augulis Law Firm
Free Estate Planning Worksheet
There's a lot that goes into setting up a comprehensive estate plan, but with our FREE worksheet, you'll be one step closer to getting yourself and your family on the path to a secure and happy future.
First Name*Last Name*Email Address*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkdin
Youtube
Testimonials
norm
Client Review
August 4, 2020
Very happy with work. Everything explained clearly and concisely and all my questions were answered completely. Process of putting together plan and review of documents was very organized and easy to understand.
norm
Where we are
Augulis Law Firm5 Mountain Blvd. Suite 5 Warren Twp, NJ 07059Phone: (908) 222-8803Fax: (908) 222-8815See Larger Map Get Directions
Office Hours
Monday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMTuesday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMWednesday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMThursday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMFriday9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Map
FooterAdvantages of Working With Our Firm
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Connect with Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkdin
Youtube
Augulis Law Firm
All Right Reseved.
Attorney Advertisement
© 2020 American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys, Inc.