https://autoaccidentattorneysanantonio.org/privacy-policy/
Español (Spanish)English Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Privacy Policy:
Trevino Law Office ("Candelario Trevino")
operates https://autoaccidentattorneysanantonio.org and may operate other websites. It
is Candelario Trevino's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Candelario Trevino collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Candelario Trevino's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Candelario Trevino's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Candelario Trevino may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Candelario Trevino also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://autoaccidentattorneysanantonio.org
blogs/sites. Candelario Trevino only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Candelario Trevino's websites choose to interact
with Candelario Trevino in ways that require Candelario Trevino to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Candelario Trevino gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://autoaccidentattorneysanantonio.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Candelario Trevino are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Candelario Trevino collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Candelario Trevino. Candelario Trevino does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Candelario Trevino may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Candelario Trevino may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Candelario Trevino does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Candelario Trevino discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Candelario Trevino's behalf or to provide services available
at Candelario Trevino's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Candelario Trevino's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Candelario Trevino will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Candelario Trevino discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Candelario Trevino believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Candelario Trevino, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Candelario Trevino website and have supplied your email address, Candelario Trevino
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Candelario Trevino and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Candelario Trevino takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Candelario Trevino uses cookies to
help Candelario Trevino identify and track visitors, their usage of Candelario Trevino
website, and their website access preferences. Candelario Trevino visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Candelario Trevino's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Candelario Trevino's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Candelario Trevino, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Candelario Trevino goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Candelario Trevino may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Candelario Trevino and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Candelario Trevino may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Candelario Trevino's sole
discretion. Candelario Trevino encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://autoaccidentattorneysanantonio.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Primary SidebarContact Us
Free in-Depth No obligation case evaluation
Select Below...Personal InjuryAuto AccidentsMotorcycle AccidentsTruck AccidentsWorkplace AccidentsPremises LiabilityDefective Product ClaimsOther
Please leave this field empty.
Recent Posts
Digital Dollars: Amid the COVID-19 Crisis, Support for a U.S. Digital Currency EmergesMay 5, 2020To Provide an N95 Mask or Not to…That is the Question Plaguing Some Employers (US)May 3, 2020Tips for a Better Video CallMay 1, 2020Hiring During the COVID-19 PandemicApr 29, 2020
Testimonials
Footer Quick Links
Home
About
Services
Areas Served
Latest News
Contact
Services
Personal Injury
Auto Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Trucking Accidents
Workplace Accidents
Defective Product Claims
Premises Liability
Office Location
Trevino Law Office
846 Culebra Rd #104
San Antonio, TX 78201
Phone: (210) 255-3088
Fax: (210) 735-4167
Email: ct@trevinoinjurylaw.com
Click To Call 210-255-3088
MENU
Home
About
Candelario S. Trevino, Jr.
Latest News
Services
Auto Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Truck Accidents
Workplace Accidents
Defective Product Claims
Premises Liability
Areas Served
San Antonio
Bexar County
Surrounding Counties
Contact