https://babbitt-johnson.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Success Record
Staff
Attorneys
Theodore (Ted) Babbitt
Joseph R. Johnson
Attorney Videos
Practice Areas
Aviation Accidents
Commercial Air Accidents
Helicopter Accidents
Private Aircraft Accidents
Business Litigation
Car Accidents
Child Advocacy
Construction Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Birth Injury
Cancer Misdiagnosis
Cosmetic Surgery Malpractice
Medical Mistakes Lawyers
Pharmaceutical Malpractice
Surgery Malpractice
Medical Products
Defective Hip Replacement
DePuy Hip Recall
IVC Filter Failure
Stryker Hip Recall
Transvaginal Mesh
Motorcycle Accidents
Negligent Security
Pharmaceutical Liability
Product Liability
Sexual Abuse Litigation
Talcum Powder
Truck Accidents
Watercraft Accidents
Wrongful Death
Press
In The News
Press Releases
Videos
FAQ
Blog
Contact
Privacy PolicyBabbitt & Johnson P.A.2016-10-11T15:46:10-05:00
This privacy statement was last updated on August 26, 2016 and describes how Babbitt & Johnson P.A. collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, contact us online.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you: Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, message and phone number.
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We use this information to improve our website.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
We use another company (Google Analytics) to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site.
Links to Other Websites
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Babbitt & Johnson P.A. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us online.
Additional Policy Information
Our website includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us online about this privacy statement or call us at 1-888-666-0523.