http://bahai.org.sg/copyright-and-privacy
Skip to content
Copyright and Privacyadmin2017-11-21T14:29:52+08:00
Terms of Use and CopyrightAll material on this website, including but not limited to, text, photographs, images, illustrations, maps, audio clips, and video clips (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. The Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Singapore retains full legal protection for its Content under all applicable national and international laws.
Content of this website can be accessed and used, subject to the following conditions:
The Content may not be used in a way that misrepresents the intent of the original source.
Use of any Content must be attributed to The Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Singapore as the original publisher, and this website as the original source and any organization or individual to which we have attributed the information.
The reproduction must be accompanied by a prominent link to this website (in online media) or the URL (http://bahai.org.sg) of this site (in other media).
Photographs and articles cannot be used in any way (including, without limitation, suggesting an association with or endorsement of any product, service, opinion or cause) which conflicts with the intent and premise of the original source.
Any use for a commercial purpose requires permission prior to use. For inquiries, please email oea@bahai.org.sg
Photographs and other images may be cropped and edited for size. Images may be used in other ways provided the character or nature of the images remains unaltered. Captions must remain with the photographs.
The Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Singapore reserves the right to withdraw permission to use the Content at any time and for any use. In such circumstances, the use of the Content should cease immediately.
The Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Singapore does not endorse or take responsibility for third party uses of the Content, and will not be responsible or liable to any person or organisation for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that may result from access to or use of the Content.
PrivacyIn adherence to data protection, we try to ensure your privacy on this website. Personal information provided on a voluntary basis, is collected in order to respond to enquiries and to send information and material that are requested.
Visitors to this website are not tracked, except to produce aggregate statistical data which does not identify individual users. Where cookies are used to provide essential functionality, these are not used to track use of the website or to store personally-identifiable information. Steps have been taken to ensure that all information collected will remain secure from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please note that if you leave this site via a link, the other site may have a different privacy policies.
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
If you wish to correct your personal information, or have questions regarding this policy, please contact the Office of the Spiritual Assembly.
Go to Top