https://bahai.org.au/index.php/copyright-and-privacy-statement/
The Baha’i Faith
Who is Baha’u’llah
Who is the Bab
Baha’i Writings
Becoming a Baha’i
Baha’i Administration
Australian Baha’i Community
Centenary of the Baha’i Faith in Australia
Bicentenary of the Birth of Baha’u’llah
Bicentenary of the Birth of the Bab
Baha’i House of Worship
What Baha’is Do
Spiritual life
Building vibrant communities
Participating in public discourse
Social cohesion
Engaging in social action
Role of media in society
Contact
Home » Copyright and Privacy Statement
Temple Information
Copyright and Privacy Statement
Copyright Statement
This website is an official website of the Baha’is of Australia. This website is owned by the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Australia (the “National Assembly”). It is created and is maintained under the auspices of the National Assembly, the nine-member elected governing body of the Australian Baha’i community.
All material on this website, including but not limited to, text, photographs, images, illustrations, maps, audio clips, and video clips (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. The National Assembly retains full legal protection for its Content under all applicable national laws.
The resources available to download from this website are provided for non-commercial personal use only. All persons accessing them take responsibility for their appropriate use.
If you find that resources on this website infringe on your or any other person’s copyright please report such infringements to the National Assembly at secretariat@bnc.bahai.org.au.
This website and any resources provided herein may link to other websites which are not under the control of the National Assembly. The National Assembly does not endorse and is not responsible for any material on, or linked to from, third party websites.
10 April 2020
Privacy Statement
The National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Australia (the “National Assembly”), being the nine-member elected governing body of the Australian Baha’i community respects your privacy and is committed to complying with the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (the “Privacy Act”). The National Assembly operates this website.
This privacy policy sets out how we collect, store and disclose the personal information, of anyone using the website. If you choose to use this website, then you agree to the collection and use of information as set out in this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the Terms of Use section. We may modify this policy from time to time by publishing it on this website. We encourage you to check this website periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
Personal information
We collect information that personally identifies you only when you provide it to us. This information may include your name, email address, address and telephone number. All identifiable personal information that you provide will be kept confidential and will only be used by authorised individuals to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected or for a use consistent with that purpose.
We may use your information to:
provide the service to you;
improve our website;
communicate with you, and build and maintain our relationships with you;
identify and develop new materials you may be interested in;
send you updates, publications and event details (however, if you do not want to receive emails from us, you can opt out at any time by emailing the National Assembly at secretariat@bnc.bahai.org.au);
comply with applicable laws and our other regulatory, accounting, reporting or professional obligations; and
process and respond to your requests, enquiries or complaints.
Information Collection and Use
When you use this website, we may collect information you provide to us through the use of the website and details of visits made to our website and the resources accessed.
We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, your name, phone number, and postal address in order to provide services that you may request. Your submission of such information will constitute your express consent to our use of the information provided therein.
Cookies
Our websites uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer (or internet-enabled device) by websites that you visit and they are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. We use them for the functioning of our website, to improve its efficiency, and to provide website usage information to us. The information collected by cookies or other tracking devices on this website does not contain your personal information. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our website.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Third-party companies and individuals will be bound by this Privacy Policy and obligated not to disclose or use personal information for any purpose other than the service that they are providing us.
Security
The National Assembly values your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. The internet is not a secure environment and any information you send to us, including your email address, is sent at your own risk.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us and are not bound by this Policy. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. Notification of any changes will be made by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately when posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact the National Secretariat at secretariat@bnc.bahai.org.au.
Last updated 10 April 2020.
Term of Use
You are welcome to access and use all material on this website, including but not limited to, text, photographs, images, illustrations, maps, audio clips, and video clips (the “Content”) subject to the following conditions:
If you wish to use any Content from this website, it must be accompanied by the following notice: “Copyright © 2020 Australian Baha’i Community” together with attribution to this source where appropriate.
The Content may not be used in a way that misrepresents the intent of the original source.
Audio-Visual Content including video clips, audio clips, maps and photographs may be cropped and edited for size. No other editing is permitted. Each user of the Audio-Visual Content is given a limited, non-exclusive licence to use, reproduce, distribute, link and/or display this Content provided the intent, character, nature or meaning of the Content remains unaltered.
The Content on this website is for use for non-commercial purposes only. Any use for a commercial purpose requires permission prior to use. For inquiries, please email secretariat@bnc.bahai.org.au
The Australian Baha’i Community reserves the right to withdraw permission to use the Content at any time and for any use. In such circumstances, the use of the Content should cease immediately.
The Australian Baha’i Community does not endorse or take responsibility for third party uses of the Content. Further, the Australian Baha’i Community will not be responsible or liable to any person or organization for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that may result from access to or use of the Content.
These conditions may be revised at any time without notice.
Last updated 10 April 2020.
Spiritual Life
Learn More
Building Vibrant Communities
Learn More
Connect with Baha’is
Australian Baha’is welcome the participation of all members of the community in their activities and efforts.
Contact us
Quick linksTemple Information
Copyright and Privacy Statement
MediaMedia Information
Media Releases
Baha’is in Iran
National Office 173 Mona Vale Road
Ingleside, NSW 2010
(02) 9998 9222
secretariat@bnc.bahai.org.au
Subscribe to news releases
To receive our news releases automatically by email, please type your email address in the box below and click the “submit” button.
The Australian Baha’i Community acknowledges the Traditional Owners of country throughout Australia and recognises their continuing connection to land, waters and community. We pay our respects to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and their cultures; and to elders both past and present.
© 2020 Australian Baha'i Community.