https://bannerwitcoff.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This
website, https://bannerwitcoff.com (the “Website”), is operated
by Banner Witcoff.
What are cookies?
Cookies are a small text files that are
stored in your web browser that allows Banner Witcoff or a third
party to recognize you. Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of
information about your activities across websites, including on Banner Witcoff websites.
Cookies might be used for the following
purposes:
To
enable certain functionsTo
provide analyticsTo
store your preferencesTo
enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising
Banner Witcoff uses both session cookies
and persistent cookies.
A session cookie is used to identify a
particular visit to our Website. These cookies expire after a short time, or
when you close your web browser after using our Website. We use these cookies
to identify you during a single browsing session, such as when you log into our
Website.
A persistent cookie will remain on your
devices for a set period of time specified in the cookie. We use these cookies
where we need to identify you over a longer period of time. For example, we
would use a persistent cookie if you asked that we keep you signed in.
How do third parties use cookies on the Banner
Witcoff Website?
Third party companies like analytics
companies and ad networks generally use cookies to collect user information on
an anonymous basis. They may use that information to build a profile of your
activities on the Banner Witcoff Website and other websites that
you’ve visited.
What are your cookies options?
If you don’t like the idea of cookies or
certain types of cookies, you can change your browser’s settings to delete
cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more
about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete
cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features
we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages
might not display properly.
IP2Location
Banner Witcoff uses IP2Location,a geo IP
solution to help our web developers identify a visitor’s geographical location
– i.e., country, region, city, latitude, longitude, ZIP code, time zone,
connection speed, ISP and domain name, IDD country code, area code, weather
station code and name, using a proprietary IP address lookup database and
technology.
XThis website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Read MoreCookie settings RejectAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
CookieDescriptionAWSELBThis cookie is associated with Amazon Web Services and is used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.JSESSIONIDUsed by sites written in JSP. General-purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Analytics
CookieDescription_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitors, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
Performance
CookieDescription_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Save & Accept