https://bannerwitcoff.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
About this cookie policy.
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: bannerwitcoff.com
Your current state:No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories.
NecessaryCookieDescriptionAWSELBThis cookie is associated with Amazon Web Services and is used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.JSESSIONIDUsed by sites written in JSP. General-purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
AnalyticsCookieDescription_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitors, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
PerformanceCookieDescription_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
The below list details the cookies used in our website.
CookieDescriptionNecessaryviewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.JSESSIONIDUsed by sites written in JSP. General-purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.AWSELBThis cookie is associated with Amazon Web Services and is used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.Analytics_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitors, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.Performance_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
How can I control the cookie preferences?
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Settings” button and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Powered By WebToffee
XThis website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Read MoreCookie settings RejectAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
CookieDescriptionAWSELBThis cookie is associated with Amazon Web Services and is used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.JSESSIONIDUsed by sites written in JSP. General-purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Analytics
CookieDescription_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitors, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
Performance
CookieDescription_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Save & Accept