https://barbados.org/terms-copyright/
Go Barbados • Terms of Use and Copyright
skip to Main Content
Search
Submit
Today84 F29 C
Sat82 F28 C
Sun83 F28 C
Mon82 F28 C
Tue82 F28 C more weather info.
Add to Favourites
Register / LoginMy Favourites
MenuThe Island
About Barbados
7 Wonders Climate / Weather Culture Currency Fun Facts History Parishes People
Travel Tips
Documents Needed Dress Driving Duty Free Allowances Immigration Safety Tips Barbados Weddings
Getting Here
Airport Services Destination Services Cruising Flying Travel Agents Vacation Packages
Guides & Services
Tour Guides Health & Wellness Media Guides Barbados By Drone Barbados By Map Mobile Apps
Stay
Where To Stay
Hotels & Resorts Guest Houses Self Catering Apts & Hotels Adults Only All Inclusives Airport Accommodation Staycations
Private Rentals
Luxury Villas Vacation Rentals Timeshare Long Term Rentals
Deals & Packages
Specials & Deals Vacation Packages Themed Accommodation Match Your Mood & Style
See & Do
Where To Visit
Attractions Beaches Great Things To Do Historic Sites Natural Attractions Rum Tours Scenic Spots Swim With Turtles Take A Tour
What To Do
Events Calendar Nightlife Festivals Crop Over Calendar Childrens Activities Dining Out Rent A Car Getting Married In Barbados
Play & Relax
Land Sports Water Sports Catamaran Cruises Diving Fishing Golf Hiking Horse Racing Spa Day
Island Guides
Barbados By Map Barbados By Drone Shopping Guide Wedding Guide Books & Magazines Brochures Island News
Events
Events Calendar
What's On Today Featured Events What's On By Month Events App
Festivals
Crop Over Festival Celtic Festival Food & Rum Festival Gospelfest Holetown Festival Oistins Fish Festival Open Gardens Open Houses Reggae Festival
Types of Events
Art & Craft Business Culture Food & Drink Health Music Sports & Games
Community
Facebook Twitter Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile App Facebook App Submit An Event
Living
Moving Here
Relocating to Barbados Education & Schools Pets Immigration Regulations Long Term Residence Permanent Residence Students
Where To Live
Homes For Rent Land For Sale Real Estate Agents Property Management Real Estate Guide Buying Guide Property Valuations
Doing Business
Business Environment Business Services Conference Facilities International Business Int'l Business Managers Investment Opportunities Tax Treaties
Travel Tips
Go For The...
Adventure Beaches Family Festivals Food History & Culture Nature Nightlife Respite Romance Shopping Sights Sports
Essentials
Documents You Need Book A Flight Find A Place To Stay On Arrival At Airport What To Do Don't Miss! What Events Are On? On Departure Your Next Trip!
Insider Tips
Best Areas To Stay Beach Guide Beyond The Beach Cook Like A Local Health & Wellness Fast Track Arrivals Meet Our Artisans World Heritage Site
Deals
Stay
Hotels & Resorts Self Catering Apts & Hotels Guest Houses Villas & Vacation Rentals Long Term Rentals Real Estate
Play
Activities & Attractions Car Rentals Dining & Entertainment Shopping Tours & Sightseeing Weddings & Romance
Flights
Airfare Watchdog Google Flights
CLOSE
Terms of Use and CopyrightHome » Terms of Use and Copyright
Barbados.org is owned by The Barbados Tourism Encyclopedia, and licensed to AXSES System Caribbean Inc. Technology and content on Barbados.org is owned by, and copyright to AXSES SCI, or is licensed to AXSES SCI.
No site shall use any of the graphics or information provided on this site without the permission of this site’s owners. The materials displayed on any AXSES SCI site are protected by international copyright law and treaties, and shall not be transmitted, broadcast, copied, adapted, displayed or performed without the prior express permission of the owners.
For further details please contact: email: copywrite@axses.net
AXSES SCI
PO Box 16B,
Brittons Hill
St.Michael, Barbados
Our Mission
Our strategic focus is to provide excellent and comprehensive people oriented content, cultural and descriptive information as well as appropriate and useful technology. We continue to make information of Barbados widely available throughout the internet by reaching out to special interest groups, schools and educators, journalists, travel professionals and the travelling public. We vigorously promote suitable reciprocal links, as well as search engine and directory listings in all regions of the globe. We welcome all. We will provide a human touch in all that we do and avoid technology for its own sake.
Disclaimer
The information in Barbados.org and all AXSES SCI websites is provided without warrantee of any kind. AXSES SCI disclaims any liability for any loss or damages caused by errors, omissions or problems resulting from use of any information contained in its sites. AXSES SCI is not liable for technical failures in telecommunications, hosting or any supplier’s failure.
AXSES SCI does not make any warranties, express or implied, regarding any third party information or any links to other Web sites. The owners of this site do not endorse or vouch for the integrity or practices of any other company. Although the information and recommendations at this Internet website (hereinafter “the Information”) are presented in good faith and believed to be correct, AXSES SCI makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of the Information. Anyone wishing to trade or engage in any form of contact or relationship with those other sites or their owners should satisfy themselves as to the legitimacy of the business or organisation behind the site.
Privacy Policy and Your Data
Be sure to view our Privacy Policy to understand what data we collect, how we use this data, and how to have your data removed from our systems.
Island Info.
About Barbados
7 Wonders
History & Culture
World Heritage Site
Getting Here
Visa Requirements
Island People
Island Living
What's On
Island Guides
Accommodation Guide
Barbados By Map
Barbados By Drone
Beach Guide
Business Guide
Restaurant Guide
Tour Guide
Villa Guide
Wedding Guide
Island Tips
Special Offers
Great Things To Do
Hot Sites to See
All Things To Do
Where To Visit
Private Rentals
Car Rentals
Safety Tips
Island News
Connect
Join Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Visit Us on YouTube
Contact Us via Email
Sign up to see What's On!
Email*Lists*What's On In Barbados
facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestflickrGo!
© CARIBBEAN DREAMS PUBLISHING, 2020 | Copyright & Terms | Privacy Policy
P.O.Box 16B, Brittons Hill, St. Michael, Barbados, BB11090
Back To Top