http://barnstaple.grosvenorchurch.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyGrosvenor Church is a charity based at Old Station Road, Barnstaple, Devon EX32 8PB. Our vision is  “growing family.”Data ProtectionThe General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) came into force on 25 May 2018. This gives individuals further rights and protection in how their personal information is collected and processed. Grosvenor has taken advice to ensure we have the necessary procedures in place.Those who have previously shown an interest regarding Grosvenor’ activities may receive some of the following information. This list is not intended to be exhaustive, but gives an indication of potential contact:Weekly eNews (currently via Mailchimp or Churchsuite)Information about local activities that may be of genuine interest to you (via email or letter)Donors may also receive additional printed material e.g. annual reportLetters of thanks for donations.Print and Digital publicity to promote and engage you in our charitable activities  (including Social Media such as Facebook, Youtube, Instagram)To fulfil this, Grosvenor may have a record ofYour name, address, email or telephone number(s), if you have given these to usOptional information, such as a photograph and demographic information, that you elect to associate with your accounts (e.g. ‘Your profile information’ in social media)Log-in details and password, if you create an account with us.With your permission, calendar information stored on your mobile deviceAny email request or social media questions you send to us.These details are kept securely. Please be assured of our commitment to keeping your details secure, and not to use your personal information for any other reason without your permission. There is nothing you need to do if you wish to continue receiving information from Grosvenor.We do not wish to lose contact with you, but if you do not wish to continue receiving information from us, or would like to change the way we communicate with you, please contact us via dataprotection@grosvenorchurch.org.uk, or unsubscribe via Mailchimp, Churchsuite, Facebook, Youtube or Instagram.If you have any questions about the holding of your personal information, please do not hesitate to contact us.We will always be completely open and transparent with you in relation to how we use the personal details that you have entrusted to us.We thank you for your continued prayers and support that helps ‘Growing Family’ across North Devon. Privacy and CookiesTo fulfil Grosvenor’ aims as a charity we process “personal data” and/or “Special category data” (as defined in UK data protection legislation) as part of the charitable services, in line with our charitable legitimate interests and/or our own administration.Data are held securely for as long as they remain pertinent to the purpose for which they were collected and/or if there is a statutory retention period. Once no longer required, all data are destroyed by secure means.Data may be shared with third-party organisations as part of the provision of the services, in the legitimate interests of Grosvenor, for administrative purposes and/or if we are required to do so by UK law. We cannot accept liability for the processing by any third party conducted outside our remit.In accordance with legislation, we have completed a cookie audit on our website. We use these internet files to make our website work and also connect to social media sites. We cannot accept any liability for any processing by such websites.None of the above affects your rights under the legislation, in particular your right to access the data we hold on you. If you wish to request a copy of your data, please submit it in writing/email to the Charity. Please include enough information to enable us to identify you and search for appropriate data.If you are dissatisfied with this policy, have queries about our data protection procedures or wish to lodge a complaint, please contact the charity in the first instance. Thereafter you have the right to submit a complaint to the Supervisory Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO):The Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF