https://basicincome.org/privacy-policy/
News
Research
Opinion
Media
Privacy Policy
Preservation of your privacy is important to BIEN, and we are committed to letting you know how we use your personal information and to making only responsible use of your data.
References to “we”, “us”, “you” or “our” in this Privacy Policy are references to BIEN, a Charitable Incorporated Organisation, registered in the United Kingdom, charity registration number 1177066.
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, so please check it periodically.
Links within our sites to other websites are not covered by this privacy policy.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://basicincome.org
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We will collect personal information from you when you correspond with us or sign up to receive our monthly email update. This may include your name, title, email address, physical address, telephone numbers, and job title.
Your personal information will only be used in relation to the purposes expressed in your correspondence with us, and to send you our monthly email updates following your registration to receive it.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do not knowingly use analytics programmes that do not anonymise data.
Who we share your data with
We will not share your information with any other individual or organisation without your express consent.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you would like us to correct or update any information then please email us at bien@basicincome.org
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of information you give to us.
Communications that we send by email will not be in an encrypted form. Email, unless encrypted, is not a fully secure means of communication. Whilst we endeavour to keep our systems and communications protected against viruses and other harmful effects, we cannot bear responsibility for all communications being virus-free.
BIEN Congress 2021 BIEN’s next annual congress will take place in Glasgow in Scotland either from the 18th to the 21st August 2021, or from the 19th to the 22nd August 2021. Further details to follow.
Basic IncomeA Basic Income is a periodic cash payment unconditionally delivered to all on an individual basis, without means-test or work requirement. Read more Propose a news itemTo propose a news item, please complete the form that you will find here BIEN ConversationsA series of conversations from around the world that explore the relationship between the Covid-19 pandemic and Basic Income. Read more BIEN Monthly Bulletin Signup
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: