https://bauuc.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Bay Area Unitarian Universalist Church 17503 El Camino Real
Houston, TX 77058
Office Hours:
Mon-Fri 9am-1pm
281-488-2001
office@bauuc.org
Bay Area Unitarian Universalist Church
Changing Lives and Healing Our World
Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Directions
Search
Donate Now
Sunday Services - Video Link at 11:00am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Bay Area Unitarian Universalist Church referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at office@bauuc.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it on, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at office@bauuc.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Bay Area Unitarian Universalist Church. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
EventsWe Are Family Discussion Group12/10/2020We invite you to be a part of our Thursday morning conversation group called “We Are a Family.” The group will meet online on Thursdays at 3:30 PM and will be moderated by Alok Kalia and Tamar Wasoian. The goal is to talk about what is on our minds and to help each other find ways to deal with day-to-day life. It will be an opportunity to share thoughts, ideas, and information with others. If you’d like to join this new online group discussion, please contact Tamar Wasoian right away at dlre@bauuc.org and she will send you the link and log-in information for this Zoom meeting.
Knitting the Spirit at 10:30am12/11/2020Get to know others into knitting, crocheting and needlework. To join this Zoom every Friday at 10:30am meeting check your email or contact office@bauuc.org for the link.
Holiday Talent Show12/12/2020Zumba Exercise Class12/13/2020We are gathering outside in our church parking lot Every Sunday and Wednesday at 5:30pm for Zumba class. Spots are limited, Please contact Tamar Wasoian at dlre@bauuc.org or 603-706-1573 to RSVP and for more information.
Meet & Eat Women's Lunch12/15/2020The women of BAUUC gather each Tuesday to dine together in person and online.  We are bringing our own chair, lunch, water bottles and masks.  Please meet us outside the church building at the Religious Education entrance at 12:00pm on Tuesdays. We will keep all the safety procedures and enjoy the fellowship of each other. If you want to join in person, please RSVP to Tamar Wasoian at dlre@bauuc.org. To join us online, contact dlre@bauuc.org for the zoom link.
all events
Search for:
Search
Archives
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017