https://bbgllp.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Thank you for visiting the website (“website”) of Belkin · Burden · Goldman, LLP (“BBG”).  Please read these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, which, as may be modified from time to time, govern its use.  By using this website, you are knowingly and willingly agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
This Site and the graphics, text and other information provided on this Site (the “Site Content”) are owned by or licensed to BBG.  You may view, download and print a copy of any part of this Site for your own information purposes, but any other use without our written consent is prohibited.
Attorney Advertising; No Attorney-Client Relationship or Confidentiality
This website is intended to enable readers to learn about BBG.  The information provided in this website should not be considered an offer to represent you.  This website may be considered attorney advertising under the rules of certain jurisdictions.  Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
Use of this website or of the e-mail links on this website to communicate with BBG or its lawyers does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and BBG, no such communication will be treated as confidential and no such communication is guaranteed to be secure.
This website contains general information and may not reflect current legal developments, verdicts or settlements.  The website content should not be construed as legal advice.
By your use of the website, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless BBG, its affiliates, partners, members, employees, agents, licensors, licensees and content providers (“BBG Indemnitees”) from any claims, losses, damages, expenses, demands and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or relating to your use of this website or any linked website, your violation of these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy or your violation of the rights of any other person.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THIS WEBSITE AND THE WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  BBG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ACTIONS YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY MAY TAKE OR REFRAIN FROM TAKING IN RESPONSE TO OR IN RELIANCE ON THIS SITE OR THE SITE CONTENT OR ANY LINKED SITE.
Third-Party Links
This website may contain links to third-party websites or resources.  These links are provided for your convenience and are not intended to imply that BBG endorses or controls the linked-to sites or verifies the accuracy of the information contained on those sites.  You are solely responsible for any charges or obligations that you may incur in your dealings with such linked site operators.  Linked sites or other websites may also have a hyperlink to this website; BBG is not responsible for the content of any such website or the actions of any operator of any such website.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.  You agree that any action concerning your use of this Site, these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy shall be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Borough of New York in the State of New York.
Contacting BBG
These Terms of Use were last updated December 16, 2019.  To contact use about these Terms of Use or this Site, please contact us at mbrett@bbgllp.com.
ABOUT
Our Core Values
Business Relationships
Practice Areas
Attorneys
FIRM NEWS
Upcoming Events
BBG News
The BBG Update
Contact
Covid-19
Sign up for our newsletter, The BBG Update
Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name