https://bbgllp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
This Privacy Policy describes the type of information Belkin · Burden · Goldman, LLP (“BBG”) collects from this website (“Site”) and how that information may be used.  This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, as may be modified from time to time, govern your use of this Site.  By using this Site you are knowingly and willingly agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
You are not required to provide information such as your name, property address, e-mail address, telephone number or other information that might reasonably be used to identify you personally (“Personal Information”) to make general use of this Site.  BBG will only collect Personal Information when it is provided to us in an e-mail, on a registration form, in an online survey or in other similar transmissions.
To help us monitor Site usage patterns and to help us improve this Site, we may use certain technologies, including cookies, to gather information that does not reveal your identity (“Generic Information”), such as information about the Internet Service Provider (“ISP”), platform type, referral source, regional or location information about the visitor, the number and frequency of visitors to the Site, time spent on the Site, and the pages within the Site that are visited.  You can choose not to accept the cookie by adjusting your internet browser settings, but if you choose to do so, certain arts of this Site may not function properly.
IP addresses are unique numeric identifiers that are assigned to each computer browser accessing the Internet.  An IP address, by itself, cannot identify you personally.  However, when combined with other information provided by your ISP, your IP address can be used to identify the computer accessing the Site.  Under certain circumstances, recipients, their legal representatives and/or law enforcement authorities may be able to combine an IP address with information disclosed by ISP provider(s) to determine the source of a particular communication.  By using this Site, you knowingly and voluntarily assume any risks associated with such disclosure.
Use of Information
We will use Personal Information we collect only to send you news and information about BBG.  To opt-out of receiving future mailings, see the Opt-Out section below.
We do not share Personal Information we collect with third-parties for their marketing purposes.  If an event for which you register through this Site is co-sponsored, that co-sponsor’s treatment of our information will be governed by its own privacy policy, for which we are not responsible.  If we used third-parties to provide specific services to you, those third-parties may be allowed to use your Personal Information to provide such services.  We will only intentionally disclose your Personal Information to other third-parties if we believe we are compelled to do so for legal or regulatory purposes, and you hereby agree to such disclosure.
BBG may share Generic Information we collect with our affiliates, contractors and other third-parties.
Opt-Out
You may choose to opt-out of receiving e-mail messages with news and information about BBG by sending an e-mail from the e-mail address at which you are receiving the message to mbrett@bbgllp.com requesting that your e-mail address be removed.
Security
Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure nor is any security system completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, BBG does not guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or provide us online.  It is possible that unauthorized “hackers” may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Site and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such materials.  It may also be possible for other users or “hackers” to improperly gain access to or obtain personal information about you.  By using the Site, you assume the risk of such occurrences.  We request that you do not send, and BBG will not be liable for your sending, sensitive or confidential information electronically.  Any transmission of personal or confidential information is at your own risk.  BBG is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Children Under Age 13
This Site is not directed at children 13 years of age or younger.  BBG will not intentionally collect information about any user under the age of 13.  If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 years of age without verification of parental/guardian consent, we will delete that information.
Third-Party Links
This Site may provide links to third-party websites.  Even if the third-party is affiliated with BBG through a business partnership or otherwise, BBG is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links.
Contacting BBG
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 16, 2019.  To contact us about this Privacy Policy or this Site, please contact us at mbrett@bbgllp.com.
ABOUT
Our Core Values
Business Relationships
Practice Areas
Attorneys
FIRM NEWS
Upcoming Events
BBG News
The BBG Update
Contact
Covid-19
Sign up for our newsletter, The BBG Update
Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name