https://bcc-la.org/about/privacy-and-refund-policies/
About
Our Clergy and Staff
Our History
Our Board Leadership
Our Newsletter: G’vanim
Facility History & Building Rentals
Our Links
BCC Vision Awards
Privacy and refund policies
Directions & Contact Information
Learn
Baby Kibbutz (Ages 0-5)
Ohr Chayim Religious School
Teen Track (Ages 14-18)
Holiday Paloozas
Adult Education
Tuesday Torah Study
Worship Lab
Pray
Shabbat at BCC
Sukkot 2020/5781
High Holy Days 5781/2020
BCC Live: Video Livestream
Friday Night Prayer Book
Machzorim
Music
BCC Choir
Drashot/Sermons
Queer Liturgy
Belong
Men’s Havurah
Women’s Havurah
Na’avor – Let’s Cross: BCC’s Trans Havurah
Chosen 20s-30s
Chai Life 40s-50s
Books & Bagels Group
BCC Film Club
Vegan Havurah
Care
BCC’s Caring Community
Life Transitions Group
Donate
Donate to BCC!
Shop to benefit BCC
L’Chayim Legacy Circle
Sponsorship Opportunities
Donate Your Car
Act
The Anti-Racism Project
Project Chicken Soup
Join
Apply for Membership
Useful Member Forms
Frequently Asked Questions
Calendar
News
Privacy and refund policies
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Congregation Beth Chayim Chadashim (“BCC”) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use our website. BCC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you could be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. BCC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 2013.
Information Collected
Our website does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information, such as e-mail addresses, from visitors. Our policy is to only collect information that you willingly and voluntarily provide to us in the course of interacting with this site. On this site, you may have the opportunity to update database information, sign up for classes, programs and other special events, and make donations. In doing so, you may be asked to provide identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information, and/or information about your interests. We may collect information that is not personally identifiable, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are working from, and the domain name of your internet provider (for example, Time Warner).
How the Information Is Used
We require this information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. We may use this information to update internal records, to communicate with you periodically about upcoming events that may be of interest, and to confirm donations or registrations you have made online through our website. We do not sell, rent or otherwise share our mailing lists with external organizations. Any personal information you provide to www.bcc-la.org will not be disseminated to any third party organizations.
Refund And Return Policy
Advance Registration for Events, Classes, and Pre-Shabbat Dinners
If you sign up for an event, class, or pre-shabbat dinner online, or if you call and ask that you be billed for an event, class, or pre-shabbat dinner, you will be charged for that event, class, or pre-shabbat dinner, whether or not you attend. Refunds will only be given if we receive notice of your need to cancel 24 hours in advance of the event, class, or pre-shabbat dinner.
Should the synagogue cancel an event, class, or pre-shabbat dinner due to weather or low attendance, your money will be refunded in full.
Donations
There is no refund given for donations to the synagogue.
Search
Search for:
Most recent posts
Uncovering our BCC History: Our First Rabbi’s Sermon on Sex Ethics
Going Through Transitions Together
BCC Receives 1 of only 7 U.S.
Synagogue Vegan Challenge Grants
Host a Zoom Party with Rabbi Jillian
BCC Rises to the Occasion with Innovative High Holy Day Season
Shaping BCC’s Future with The URJ
Appreciating the Beauty in Routine
Hanukkah Queernucopia
For All the Miracles
Categories
Adult Education
After Shul Special
BCC Awards Brunch
BCC Tikkun Olam
Blog: Counting the Omer
Bnei Mitzvah
Book Club
Cantor Juval Porat
Classes at BCC
Donate
Drashot/Sermons
Events
Family Programs
Film Club
G'vanim Article
GenX Havurah
Gift Shop
GLBT History
Guests at BCC
Holidays
L'Chayim Legacy Circle
Latest News
Life Transitions Group
Members
Members Memorial Pages
Men's Havurah
New Media / BCC Live
Ohr Chayim
Parent and Me
Press
Programs and Activities
Rabbi Jillian Cameron
Rabbi Lisa Edwards
Social Groups
Support Groups
Telephone Torah Study
Vegan Havurah
Women's Havurah
Worship
Site Content Links
About BCC
Worship
Programs and Activities
Membership
Donate to BCC!
Latest News
Calendar
Join Our Events
Connect With Us
Contact Information
Beth Chayim Chadashim
6090 W Pico Boulevard
Los Angeles, CA 90035
P: (323) 931-7023
E: bcc@bcc-la.org
© 2020 Beth Chayim Chadashim. All Rights Reserved.
Customized by Cantor Juval Porat