https://believeintomorrow.org/privacy-policy
DonateContact UsMilitary InitiativeFamily StoriesNewsletterscoronavirus updateprivacy-policyPrivacy PolicyThe Believe In Tomorrow Children’s Foundation (Believe In Tomorrow) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate Believe In Tomorrow’s firm commitment to the privacy of website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the Believe In Tomorrow’s website, www.BelieveInTomorrow.org, and how this information is used.What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected Individuals who sign up to receive Believe In Tomorrow e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). You may always “opt out” at any time, if you do not wish to receive our messages.Security of Donor Information Donor information is stored within an encrypted donor management database. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein.IP addresses Believe In Tomorrow uses your IP address to administer www.BelieveInTomorrow.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.Cookies www.BelieveInTomorrow.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically improve your experience on our site. Cookies remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us track your usage of www.BelieveInTomorrow.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.How Your Information May Be Used We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitors of our website.Personal Information Privacy Believe In Tomorrow does not provide, sell, or rent any of your personal information, including email addresses, to anyone outside the organization.External Links www.BelieveInTomorrow.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.BelieveInTomorrow.org domain, and Believe In Tomorrow is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.Modifications We maintain the option to modify and amend this privacy policy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.About our texting serviceBy joining our text service you can expect to receive messages about Believe In Tomorrow. We will never share or sell your mobile number or data. You can opt-out anytime by texting the word “STOP” or “QUIT”. Text “HELP” for help. Message & data rates may apply. Up to 4 msgs/month.SMS Terms & ConditionsBelieve In Tomorrow is committed to building user trust and confidence by promoting and complying with the use of business practices that help protect the privacy of the user and his/her data. For more information you can view a copy of our company’s privacy policy.Believe In Tomorrow offers recurring text message services. By opting-in to any such service, you are confirming your entry into a recurring texting program and you give your consent to Believe In Tomorrow to use an automatic system to deliver text messages to the phone number to which you have directed it to transmit text messages. Message frequency varies.Believe In Tomorrow does not charge for our texting service; however, message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. Participation in the service is standard rated (no premium content). Subject to the terms and conditions of your mobile carrier, you may receive text messages sent to your mobile phone.By providing your consent to participate in our texting service, you approve any such charges from your mobile carrier. Charges for text messages may appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance.Believe In Tomorrow reserves the right to terminate the SMS service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice. The information in any message may be subject to certain time lags and/or delays. If you have any questions or need help, text HELP into the text thread.To stop receiving text messages, text STOP or QUIT. By enrolling in the texting service, you consent that after having submitted a request to opt-out you will receive one (1) final message confirming that you have been removed from the system. Following the opt-out confirmation message, no additional text messages will be sent unless you rejoin the system.How to Contact Us If you have any questions about the Believe In Tomorrow’s Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Believe In Tomorrow Children’s Foundation 6601 Frederick Road Baltimore, Maryland 21228