https://bennettbooks.org/security-customer-privacy/
Log in
$0.000 items
Checkout
Search Products:
Privacy
The personal information you submit to Bennett Books will not be shared, sold or disclosed to third parties in any form, for any purpose, at any time. We will not disclose your sales history to third parties for any purposes, at any time. Here at Bennett Books we have a firm commitment to privacy.
We collect visitor’s contact information (like email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our bookstore to our customers. The contact information is also used to get in touch with the customers when necessary.
We do not collect any financial information (like visitor’s bank account or credit card numbers). All the payments are made through secure PayPal. You can use any major credit card (or your own bank account) without exposing your account numbers. Your payment is made over a secure encrypted connection so credit card numbers and private details can not be stolen in transit: using PayPal is as secure as online ordering can be.
Change/Modify
This site gives the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
1. Log in and enter your account to change/modify your information
2. Contact us
3. email us to be unsubscribed from our mailing-list (make sure you are sending it from the e-mail address you want to be deleted from our list).
Security
Our Secure Store Front is SSL-encrypted and guaranteed secure by Cloud Access Servers and Comodo Secure SSL Certificate. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure online commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet.
We appreciate your business!
John G. BennettJohn G. Bennett
Elizabeth Mayall Bennett
G.I. GurdjieffG.I. Gurdjieff
Intros to Gurdjieff
Gurdjieff/deHartmann Music
Manuscript Music
OthersRare Books
Thomas & Olga de Hartmann
Jeanne de Salzmann
Jessmin & Dushka Howarth
René Daumal
Annie Lou Staveley
P.D. Ouspensky
Alfred Richard Orage
Rodney Collin
Murat Yagan
Keith A. Buzzell
Special Books
Magazines and MoreJournals & Magazines
Jewelry & Stained Glass
Gurdjieff Dance & BB Educational Seminars
Concern for the Future?
Support THE RIGHT USE,
DEEP RESEARCH, and
RIGHT DEVELOPMENT of GURDJIEFF DANCE
Gurdjieff Dance 2020 … Virtual Workshop 2020
After COMPLETING
VIRTUAL WORKSHOP 2020,
you can if you wish make a donation in support of the next Gurdjieff Dance Workshop.
BB Newsletter
Subscribe to our Mailing List
To receive information on Bennett Books & Gurdjieff Dance Activities.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Search Store
Search for:
Your Cart