https://bequests.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar
Who we are
Our website address is: https://bequests.co.uk/ and is owned by Brilliant British Ltd, Company number 10490224 (Registered in England and Wales), ICO Registration reference: ZA286128, Registered office address: 2nd Floor 167-169 Great Portland Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 5PF.) It sets out how we use and process data.
We are a free to use website and there is no obligation to register and/or enter any personal details to use it. It is intended for a UK business audience, but all information is offered free of charge for anyone to access. For more please also see our Terms of Use.
Personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
This website uses a contact form created using WPforms Lite. This software does not store entries. However, these entries may be stored by our e-mail accounts once received.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage.
The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information.
Who we share your data with
We use the following third-party tools to help us run a useable website. They do not share any personal information about you with us, but they may still collect information about you and your computer that may be considered personal information.
Below we outline what we use each of them for and where you can find out more about how they may collect and use personal data:
Google Analytics/Tag Manager: We use this to track how people use our website in aggregate. We do not use it collect track individual users. Here are the key settings we are currently using:
Remarketing: OFF
Advertising Reporting Features: OFF
User and event data retention: Set to expire after 14 months (shortest option offered)
Reset on new activity: ON
User-ID: OFF
Accepted GDPR Data Processing Amendment
Google currently offers an Analytics opt-out here or you can use a third-party tool such as Ghostery.
Facebook Social Graph: This used to help make it easier to share content from our website and blog on Facebook. We do not use them for any remarketing or retargeting. See Facebook’s Data Page for more on how they use your data.
Social Media Sharing: In addition to Facebook Social Graph we also have Twitter and LinkedIn sharing buttons on our site to help make it easier to share our content on those platforms. You can see Twitter’s Privacy Policy here and LinkedIn’s Privacy Policy here.
External / Affiliate Links: We sometimes track external links either via Google Analytics and/or third-party affiliate tracking platforms. Any sort of tracking only occurs if you click on an external link. At the bottom of every page where this occurs we disclose which links are affiliate links, but if you’re concerned about this, the simplest option is to not click on external links from our website.
Web Hosting: We use Kinsta to host our website. Like most web hosting companies they maintain website logs. You can learn more about the data they may have on their privacy policy.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
If you’d like to get in contact with us, please visit our contact us page here.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All website content and form data is sent via secure SSL technology.
Users contacting and/or submitting information this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Data Protection Act 1998.
GDPR
All our data processing activities under GDPR are done on a legitimate interest basis for the following reason:
We only use the data we process for its intended purpose and not for other marketing activities.
We primarily process information about UK businesses not individuals.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 24/10/2019.Primary SidebarSearch this website