https://bequests.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarPlease read the following carefully before using this website. It outlines how we make money and use data you provide.
Welcome to Bequests.co.uk. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Bequests.co.uk/’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
These Terms of Use, along with the other documents referred to below, set out the terms and conditions on which you may make use of https://bequests.co.uk/ (“our site”).
Other Important Documents
The Terms of Use refer to our Privacy Policy which set out the terms on which we process any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you. By using our site, you consent to such processing.
Bequests.co.uk makes money in 2 different ways: Referral (affiliate) revenue from websites we may link to, and commissions from brokers.
Briefly, here’s how each method works and what data may be required.
Referral Revenue: Websites we link to that may pay us a commission when you visit them. We try our best to mention these agreements at the bottom of any page to which they apply. This should not affect the price you pay for any product or service.
Brokers: They may compare the market for a given service for you. They are third party partners. We may earn a commission when you register an interest in certain products or services on our site. There is no obligation on your part to purchase, but you may be contacted by e-mail and/or telephone.
The use of this website is also subject to the following general terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
By filling out any information in any form you agree to allow us to share this information with third parties to help you receive the service you’re requesting.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the written content, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
If you have any questions or concerns please contact us.
Icons made by Freepik from
www.flaticon.com
Primary SidebarSearch this website