https://bergermontague.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyKate Nolen2019-05-14T12:07:15-04:00Berger Montague is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe the information we collect, how it may be used and with whom it may be shared.We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or when transacting business with us. By using our website, you are accepting the terms and conditions described in this Privacy Policy.Berger Montague collects information you enter through our website, such as your name, email address, reason for inquiring, and answers to questions that may be posed in our “contact us” forms. If you choose to contact us via web e-mail by completing one of the contact forms on our website, your message is automatically forwarded to a Berger Montague employee. We retain the information you provide us in a database. We do not sell this information. Communications from you to us, while not sufficient to create an attorney-client relationship, may still be privileged.Berger Montague may collect IP addresses to help understand how our audience uses our website and to gather broader demographic information, so that Berger Montague can make the website better and improve users’ overall experience when they visit the website. For these same reasons, if your browser is set up to accept them, Berger Montague uses a feature known as a “cookie.” Cookies contain bits of information that websites transfer to your computer’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site such as the website. A cookie doesn’t tell Berger Montague who you are. Only you can do that.Berger Montague only shares your personally identifying information with service providers (such as companies who assist us in sending emails, providing surveys, or tracking our communications with people who contact us) and other law firms or vendors with whom we have partnered to litigate or investigate potential cases. These service providers and law firms may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to sell, share or use such information for any other purposes.We may also use your personally identifying information for third party services we use for advertising purposes. One of these services is Facebook which enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Berger Montague. We do not share the substance of your communications with us with third party services we use for advertising.By submitting personal information on our website, you consent to our sending you emails in the future. If you would prefer not to receive mailings, please request removal by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the email or by sending a message to info@bm.net.Berger Montague cannot guarantee that the information you submit to us will not end up in the hands of third parties, including, without limitation, the company or person against whom you may have a complaint. However, if you submit information to our website because you are seeking legal representation or legal advice, we will undertake to protect the confidentiality of such information and any applicable legal privilege.