https://bergermontague.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Terms of UseKate Nolen2019-05-14T12:11:11-04:00I. This Website Is Not Legal Advice and Does Not Create an Attorney-Client RelationshipThe information in this website is not legal advice. It is an introduction to the Berger Montague law firm and is intended only to provide general information about the law firm. You should not treat this website information as legal advice.Using this website to communicate with us about potential representation or to seek legal advice does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the Berger Montague. We will only serve as your attorney if you and we both agree that we will do so. This agreement will normally be in a written retainerPlease review our Privacy Policy for information about how we handle your personal information.The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should be based upon careful research and investigation. If you would like more information about our law firm, please contact us. You may reach us via phone at 215-875-3000 or via email at info@bm.net.Principal Office and Responsible Attorney DesignationTo the extent that applicable rules or laws in your jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office and/or single attorney to be responsible for this website, Berger Montague designates its principal office as Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and designates Eric L. Cramer as the attorney responsible for this website.II. DisclaimersThe information on this website does not necessarily reflect the opinions of Berger Montague or any of its attorneys or clients, nor is it guaranteed to be correct, complete, or up to date. Each case is different and the “judicial praise” and case results referred to in this website are not intended to be, nor should they be understood as, a representation that equivalent results will be achieved in any given case.All states and jurisdictions have statutes that make it unlawful for persons to hold themselves out as attorneys unless they are licensed to practice in that state. The vast majority of Berger Montague attorneys are licensed to practice law in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, while several of our attorneys are licensed to practice law in one or more additional jurisdictions, including, among others, New York, Florida, Delaware, New Jersey, Maryland, Washington, DC, Connecticut, Minnesota, and Georgia. Berger Montague litigates cases in federal and state courts throughout the United States. On occasions where the firm practices in jurisdictions in which one of our attorneys is not licensed, we associate with that court on a “for that case only” basis and/or associate with locally licensed counsel.III. ChildrenIf you are under 18, you may not use our website.