https://bfms.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy Policy
BFMS Privacy Policy
Introduction – Please Read
The BFMS maintains strict data protection policies. The sensitive nature of the BFMS’s work has determined that the BFMS maintain very high data protection standards. No personal information supplied or obtained by the BFMS is ever sold for commercial reasons, and information provided to the BFMS stays with the BFMS, except when individuals have agreed it may be shared with third party experts for legal or scientific reasons. We do not allow unauthorised access to personal information for illegitimate purposes. That methodology includes restricting access to personal information, and anonymising individual data. When personal data is no longer required it is securely destroyed. We will not allow access to identifiable data without the express permission of the individuals identified.
Please note: Our archives also contain public information which is commonly available from books, newspapers, television and other media. Such information – which is accessible to all – is outside the responsibilities of the GDPR and the Data Protection Act.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.  http://bfms.org.uk does not collect or use cookies.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect and process the following data from you:-
Information that you provide when you contact us either via the website or by filling in forms, by telephone, by email, by letter or face to face. We collect and record your contact details so that we may send you information including newsletters and funding requests.
Information that you voluntarily disclose to us during your contact with us:-
When visiting http://bfms.org.uk, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information you give us to keep our records up-to-date.
Membership management:-
We may use your information to administer your membership, respond to your inquiries, fulfil your requests and send you administrative communications about our work and services.
Provision of services:-
We may use the information collected about you to provide and improve our services.
We may use it to conduct research into the prevalence and type of cases we handle whilst ensuring the information for this purpose is in an unidentifiable form.
Links to Third Party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Email and Mailing Lists
The email and mailing lists have traditionally been operated using an opt-in policy.  Should you wish to unsubscribe from BFMS communications please complete the online form entitled ‘Unsubscribe from Mailing Lists’ towards the end of the page.
Management of Data
Any information you supply is kept strictly confidential.  It will not be sold or supplied to commercial third parties for any reason.  Should you wish to have your email, contact, and other details removed from our records please contact us with a removal request.  We will respond within 72 hours, and then remove your information as quickly as we reasonably can.  All information supplied will be permanently deleted.  Data removal requests will be completed within 30 days.
Please note: The BFMS can refuse data access requests that are unfounded or excessive under the rules of the Data Protection Act (1998) and the General Data Protection Regulation (2018).
Data Breaches
Should any data breach occur it will be reported to the relevant authorities within 72 hours.
Data Usage
Due to the sensitive nature of the information held by the BFMS we operate strict security and privacy policies.  All identifiable personal information is subject to a clear audit trail. If you have had contact with the BFMS and wish to know what personal information on yourself is held by the BFMS please contact us using the details below.  Information is not supplied to non-commercial third parties without the consent of contactees. No information is supplied to commerical entities for commercial purposes. Information may be anonymised or securely destroyed when our data protection criteria demand it.
Removal requests can be accepted by email or post. To write to us please contact:
Data Controller
British False Memory Society
PO Box 172
Stockport
Cheshire
SK6 9BP
Or email: bfms@bfms.org.uk
Rights of Individuals
We have implemented the changes required by the GDPR regulations in relation to the following:
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including
profiling.
If you have had contact with the BFMS and have questions or requests in regard to individual rights please contact us by email or letter.
Unsubscribe from Mailing Lists
To unsubscribe from email or postal mailing lists please complete the form below and press the Submit button.
If you receive communications by postal mail alone please enter your address in the Message box.
Name(required)
Email(required)
Message
Submit
Changes to This Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of http://bfms.org.uk then you may contact us at bfms@bfms.org.uk.
Additional Note on Cookies
The BFMS website does not use or collect cookies from visitors.
Last updated Thursday, 24 May 2018.
Search for:
Donate to BFMS When Buying From Amazon
Recent Posts
What You Need to Know About False Memory
What is a False Memory?
BBC Documentary on Falsely Accused – ‘I Am Not a Rapist’
Dr Kevin Felstead Speaks with Dr Lawrence Patihis on False Memory and the BFMS
The Secret Barrister – Can Only the Rich Afford to Defend Themselves?
Recent CommentsArchives
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
March 2020
February 2020
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
June 2019
April 2019
February 2019
January 2019
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
December 2016
October 2016
September 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
Categories
Book Reviews
Counselling
False Accusations
False Memories
Hypnosis
Justice System
News
Newspaper Articles
Police Investigations
Satanic Ritual Abuse Myth
Uncategorized