https://bgcs.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective April 30, 2018
BOYS & GIRLS CLUBS OF GREATER SCOTTSDALE ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale is committed to complying fully with The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 19981. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale does not intend to collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Our information collection practices are described below. While we encourage children to visit our site (https://www.bgcs.org)  and learn more about our programs, we recommend, however, that parents approve and closely supervise the activity of their children at this and all other online sites. We urge children to check with their parents before entering information on any website and we urge parents to discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don’t know.
The Information Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale Collects
We respect your privacy as our online guest, and we will not collect any identifying or personal information about you while you are here except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale collects information in several ways from different parts of this site. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may collect personal information from you when you register with this site. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale also may ask you for personal information at other times, such as when you ask a question or report a problem with this site. If you contact Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may keep a record of that session or correspondence, including a record of your e-mail address. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may also occasionally ask users to complete surveys for research purposes. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale collects any information that you provide in such circumstances, including any personal information.
We may ask you for identifying and personal information to:
Invite you to receive periodic e-mail updates about our progress: When you accept, or “opt in,” we ask you to give us your e-mail address and respond to some questions that help us tailor our information to your interests. You can “opt out” of receiving these periodic updates at any time.
Processing any online donations you make to Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale: When you donate to honor someone else, we do not use the information you give us about that person for any other purpose.
Accepting your online registration at our site: When you agree to give us identifying and personal information, you are giving that information only to Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale and the parties we have involved in operating this site. You are giving it solely to enable the services this site provides.
This list is not exhaustive, but meant to give the website user an idea of the data collecting on this website.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale also may collect IP addresses, domain names, and similar items regarding users of this site to measure the number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on this site, and similar items.
“Cookies” may be used in connection with this site. A cookie is a small amount of identifier data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. By using cookies, information is potentially collected without your express knowledge. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but permit you to change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. While refusal to accept cookies will not prevent the use of some portions of this site, other portions of this site may not function properly without cookies.
How Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale Uses Information It Collects Online
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale uses the information it collects through https://www.bgcs.org to improve its marketing and promotional efforts, to improve its content, and to customize this site’s services, content, and layout. If you do not want us to send you this type of information, please let us know by contacting us at info@bgcs.org. We will not disclose your personal information collected through this site to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy without first informing you of such change in our disclosure practices and providing you a choice regarding such disclosure.
Generally, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may use cookies and the information they provide to: (a) remind us of who you are; (b) estimate our audience size; (c) measure certain traffic patterns to understand how users’ habits are similar or different from one another, so that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may improve our site.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale understands the importance of privacy and confidentiality to users of this site. Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale will not share personal information you submit through this site with companies not affiliated with Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale for purposes of marketing or promoting events, products, or similar items, unless such events, products, or similar items are related to Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale, and except that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may, from time to time, make personal information available to selected third parties, but only in the aggregate.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may disclose information it collects through this site when required to do so by a court, regulatory agency, subpoena, law, regulation, or other body of competent jurisdiction and authority, and for administrative and other purposes that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale deems necessary to maintain, service, and improve its products and services and to protect its rights and property. Finally, if you become involved in any violation of security, violation of this website’s Terms of Use, or violation of any party’s or third party’s rights, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may release information about you to assist in investigating, resolving, or remediating any such incidents.
Integrity and Security
Not selling your information – Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale will not sell, trade, rent or exchange its donor list and donor’s personal information with any other organization. From time to time Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale will share donor or prospective donor information with Clubs and/or Boys & Girls Clubs of America to ensure collaborative efforts. If an individual should request that information be shared with a Club, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale will comply with their wishes.
Use of SSL and encryption – When Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale transfers and receives certain types of sensitive information such as online donations and account information, we direct visitors to a secure server, which communicates via SSL encryption and which has been designed to reduce the possibility of interception and hacking. You’ll know that you’re in a secure area of our website when the “http” portion of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale website address in your browser changes to “https.” The “s” stands for “secure.”
Restricting who has access to your information – Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale takes precautions to ensure that your personal information is accessible only to authorized individuals, whom are required to comply with our privacy policy.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale employs commercially reasonable managerial and technical measures to help protect the security and integrity of the personal information it collects online through this site. You acknowledge, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale strives to protect your personal information, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to or from this site.
Privacy Practices of Other Sites/Organizations
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale collects online through this site, not information that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale collects through other sources. For your convenience, this site may contain links, or addresses, that you can simply click to open other useful sites where we do not control the content or privacy policy. Carefully review the approach these sites take to your privacy before you use them or provide them with information.
We assume no liability for any unauthorized actions of third parties or accidental transmission errors that may disclose information about you, and Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale is not responsible for these other sites’ privacy practices, which may be different from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale’s privacy practices.
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. The types of donor information we collect and maintain includes:
Contact information: name, address, telephone number, email address, and biographical information
Giving information
Information on events attended, publications received, and special requests for program information
Information provided in the form of comments and suggestions
We use your information to understand your interests and update you on our plans and activities. Your information is shared with staff, board members, volunteers and consultants on a “need-to-know” basis only. You may contact us at any time to request that we cease contacting you, and your request will be honored.
Your information will only be used within Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale. We do not share, sell or rent our donors’ information to anyone, nor do we send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
If you have comments or questions about Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale’s donor privacy policy, please email info@bgcs.org or call (480) 344-5520.
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale Supports the Donor Bill of Rights.
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgment and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
The Donor Bill of Rights was created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and the Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits. It has been endorsed by numerous organizations.
Contacting Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale About Your Personal Information
If you would like to review the personal information that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale has collected about you in order to verify its accuracy and completeness, or if you have a question or complaint regarding Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale’s privacy practices, or to request that Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale delete your personal information from its records, please contact Human Resources at (480) 344-5520 or info@bgcs.org.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly.
Last updated: March 29, 2018
© Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale. All rights reserved.
“The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) gives parents control over what information websites can collect from their kids.” (www.ftc.gov)
Contact Us (480) 344-5520
info@bgcs.org
Email * I would love to hear more about Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale.Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale, 10533 E. Lakeview Dr, Scottsdale, AZ, 85258, https://www.bgcs.org/. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
×
Scroll to top