https://bharat.domains/privacy.htm
Advanced Search
Privacy 1. Bharat.DomainsBharat.Domains respects your right to the privacy of your personal information you provide us on our web site. To that end, any personal information you provide to Bharat.Domains will be known only to two parties: you and Bharat.Domains. The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated as you make use of our site and its features. Personal information includes your name and e-mail addresses, click-through activity and any other personal information you may provide here. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.2. Traffic Data(1) Each time a visitor comes to Bharat.Domains, our server – like most on the Web – collects some basic technical information, including, for example, your domain name (e.g., whether the user has logged on from aol.com or msn.com), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to Bharat.Domains) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform).(2) We also count, track and aggregate the visitor’s activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the site, etc.). To these ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data; but we will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable data.3. Other Disclosure of Personal InformationBharat.Domains will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except as requested by government or law enforcement authorities.If you have any further questions or concerns about our privacy policies and use of personal information, please contact us.
Welcome to Bharat.Domains
Bharat.Domains is a leading domain marketplace solely dedicated to Indian domain names.
Domain Categories
» Food & Drink» Legal» Animals» Acronyms» Brandable» Education» Short» Scientific» Outdoors» Computers» Health» Occupations» Business» Products» Travel» Hindi» Environment» Vehicles» Spiritual» DictionaryBrowse All Categories
More About Bharat.Domains
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright 2014-2020 © Bharat Domains