http://bhbc.org.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Privacy Notice
Under Data Protection legislation the Trustees of Buckhurst Hill Baptist Church are the Data Controllers and can be contacted by telephone on 020 8559 0222 or emailing churchofficebhbc@gmail.com
Information is collected about you to enable the church to keep in contact with you and provide pastoral support as appropriate. Data Protection legislation allows us to process this information as we regard it as being in the church’s legitimate interest.
Your name and contact details will be entered into our church database which is held on church computers which are password protected and accessed only by the Church Administrator, Pastor, designated Trustees, staff members or authorised volunteers. Hard copies will be kept in onsite locked filing cabinets. Your contact details will be removed from the database once you are no longer attending the church – unless you ask to remain as one of our “church friends”.
BHBC may collect and store sensitive personal information such as health information and religious information. Sensitive information will be kept strictly confidential and stored securely. It is never sold, given away, or otherwise shared with anyone, unless required, by law. This information will NOT be disclosed to anyone else without your consent, unless required to do so by law.
You have the right to withdraw consent at any time for us to hold and process your data. You have the right to ask to see any information we hold about you by submitting a ‘Subject Access Request’ to the church. You also have the right to ask for information which you believe to be incorrect to be rectified. We may refuse your request to access, amend or delete your personal information in certain circumstances. If we do refuse your request, we will provide you with a reason for our decision and, in the case of amendment, we will note with your personal information that you have disputed its accuracy.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data and take security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage, the Internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, BHBC cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to or receive from us over the Internet or for any unauthorised access or use of that information.
The data protection policy and the privacy notice (hard copies) are kept in the church office and can also be viewed on our website. They may be updated from time to time.
If you are concerned about the way your information is being handled please contact the church Trustees. If you are still unhappy you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office.
Version: 25th May 2018
Data Protection Policy
Our Data Protection Policy can be viewed here and a hard copy is available in the church office.
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You:
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you browse websites.
Our cookies can help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Twitter
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below:
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the software that you are using to view this website (your browser) is adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that the above is acceptable to you. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so may mean some features of our site will not work as you might expect.
More about our Cookies
Third party functions:
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties, for example, the Twitter feed on our homepage. Disabling these cookies may impair the functions offered by these third parties.
Social Website Cookies:
So you can easily like or share our content on sites such as Twitter we have included linking buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies:
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called analytics programs also tell us how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend. For this purpose, we use Google Analytics.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how http://www.attacat.co.uk/resources/cookies/how-to-ban). Doing so, however, will likely limit the functionality of this and many other websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that your concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings.
Policy Statement on Safeguarding in the Church
BUCKHURST HILL BAPTIST CHURCH
(Referred to as ‘the church’ in this Policy Statement)
The church recognises its responsibilities for the safeguarding of all young people under the age of 18 (regardless of gender, ethnicity or ability) as set out in The Children Act (1989 and 2004), Safe From Harm (HM Government 1994) and Keeping Children Safe (July 2015).
As members of this church we commit ourselves to the nurturing, protection and safekeeping of all associated with the church and to praying for them regularly.
In pursuit of the above we commit ourselves to the following policies and to the development of procedures to ensure their implementation.
Prevention and reporting of abuse
It is the duty of the church to prevent neglect, bullying and the physical, sexual, spiritual and emotional abuse of children, and the duty of the church to respond to concerns about the well- being of children and to report any child abuse disclosed, discovered or suspected. The church will cooperate fully with any statutory investigation into any suspected abuse linked with the church.
Safe recruitment, support and supervision of workers
The church will exercise proper care in the selection and appointment of those working with children, whether paid or volunteer. All workers will be provided with appropriate training, support and supervision to promote the safekeeping of children.
Respecting children
The church operates a policy for all those who are appointed to work with children so that all children are shown the respect that is due to them.
Safe working practices
The church is committed to providing a safe environment for activities with children and will adopt ways of working with them which promote their safety and well- being.
A safe community
The church is committed to the prevention of bullying of children. The church will seek to ensure that the behaviour of any who may pose a risk to children and young people in the community of the church is managed appropriately.
Adults at Risk
As far as relevant, the above provisions will apply also to the church’s work with adults at risk.
Buckhurst Hill Baptist Church Safeguarding Team
The church has appointed a Safeguarding Team consisting of:
John Hunter (07931 890891)
Coleen Spurdens (07714 250931), Safeguarding Trustee, who oversees and monitors the implementation of the policy on behalf of the church’s charity trustees.
Ebb Kanga (07807 542585)
Administrative support of the Team is provided by Justine Keel.
The Safeguarding Team works together if and when issues arise.
A Designated Person will be named in due course. Meantime, John, Ebb or Coleen can be contacted about any safeguarding concerns.
Policy and Procedures
Each worker with children or adults at risk will be given a full copy of the policy and procedures and will be asked to sign to confirm that they are willing to follow these.
A full copy of the policy and procedures will be made available on request to any member of, or other person associated with, the church.
The policy and procedures will be reviewed annually.
The Policy Statement will be read annually at the church members’ AGM.
Helpful numbers:
Redbridge Safeguarding Children’s Board
020 8708 5350 (9am- 5pm) 020 8553 5825 (after 5pm)
Waltham Forest Children’s Safeguarding & Protection Service
020 8496 3646 (9am-5pm) 020 8496 3000 (after 5pm)
Essex Safeguarding Children’s Board
0333 013797
A copy of the full policy can be seen in the Church office.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Would you like to proceed with them?YesNoRead more