https://bhpsite.org/privacy-policy/
Submit
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Share
Privacy and Disclosure
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site (BHPSite) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to The BHPSite website and governs data collection and usage. By using The BHPSite website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The BHPSite also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by The BHPSite. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by The BHPSite for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of The BHPSite website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through The BHPSite public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: The BHPSite does not read any of your private online communications. The BHPSite encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from The BHPSite so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. The BHPSite is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of The BHPSite and The BHPSite family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site collects and uses your personal information to operate The BHPSite website and deliver the services you have requested. The BHPSite also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from The BHPSite and its affiliates. The BHPSite may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The BHPSite does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The BHPSite may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, The BHPSite may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The BHPSite, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The BHPSite does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
The BHPSite keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within The BHPSite, in order to determine what The BHPSite services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within The BHPSite to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The BHPSite Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The BHPSite or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The BHPSite; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The BHPSite, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
The BHPSite pages, or register with The BHPSite site or services, a cookie helps DIAMOND Billiard Products, Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same The BHPSite website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use The BHPSite features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of The BHPSite services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The BHPSite secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The BHPSite encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The BHPSite is protecting your information.
Contact Information
The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that The BHPSite has not adhered to this Statement, please contact The Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Read More
Subscribe to eNews
Monday through Saturday 10am to 3:30pm
Sundays 12 to 3:30pm
See Holiday hours
1230 North Delaware Street
Indianapolis, IN 46202
(317) 631-1888
Site Credits
Privacy and Disclaimer
Copyright 2018 Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site
AboutNewsBlogCommunityTicketsDonateContact
X
Update on Presidential Site Tours & Events
We are open for Full Residential Tours! Reservations are required; please visit the 'Plan Your Visit' portion of our website to reserve your tickets. Meantime, watch for additional details on our Events page for Wicket World of Croquet,
virtual gatherings, quiz nights, new podcasts, curbside engagements, & more!
X
Thank You!
Thank you for being an important part of the Presidential Site and sharing a legacy in action!
X
Enter your email below to check your subscription
Enter
Cancel my subscription
Close