http://biblestuph.com/privacy-policy
Readings
Devotions
Trivia
Bible Jumble
Bible Riddle
Bible Search
Links
Stuph Features
Twitter Tweets
Daily Readings
Daily Devotions
Trivia
Bible Jumble
Bible Riddle
Bible Search
Christian Links
Stuph Stuff
About
Link
Contact
Tell a Friend
Privacy Policy
Bible Stuph Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important, and you have the right to know what
information is being gathered while you visit Bible Stuph.
This page outlines the types of information collected
as you surf the site. If you have any questions pertaining to
this privacy policy, please do not hesitate to
contact me.
At Bible Stuph, two types of information are gathered from you:
statistical information, and requested
information.
Statistical information is collected as a routine course
of your visit to Bible Stuph. This information is stored in our
server access logs, and includes your IP address, the date
and time of your access, and the pages you viewed. This
information helps me to determine what areas of the site are
important to you, and allows me to make better decisions
concerning the ongoing development of the site. The IP
address is a numerical representation of the server you use
to access the site; for example, AOL surfers will have an IP
address indicating one of the many AOL servers. The IP address,
in and of itself, does not identify you personally; and
in no event will I use the IP address in an attempt to
identify individuals based on their servers. In fact, in
the vast majority of cases, such identification is impossible; since
the IP address you report will either be the same generic
address used for everyone who uses the same server you dial
into, or the address is randomly assigned to you each time
you dial in. If you are unsure of what IP address you provide
to Bible Stuph (and practically every other site on the
Internet, for that matter) check with your Service Provider.
Requested information is exactly that: information that
the site requests from you specifically. For example, if you signed
up for the Daily Riddle, you provided
your E-Mail address. Whenever information is requested
from you specifically, it will be used only for
the intended reason, and that reason will be stated clearly when
the information is requested. The reason for collecting your E-Mail as a
part of the Bible Riddle, for example, is so I can actually
send you the new Bible Riddle each day. I will not sell or
give away any information that I request from you; and I will
not use that information for any reason other than its intended
purpose.
About cookies: Cookies are small pieces of
data that a Web site can write to your computer in order to
remember certain things about your visit to the site; for
example, whenever you go to a site and it says "Welcome, Daniel!"
chances are the reason it knew you were "Daniel" was because
at some point you told it you were Daniel, and it stored a cookie
on your machine so that it could remember who you were the next
time you visited.
Though I do not object to their proper use, Bible Stuph
does not, at this time, store any cookies on your computer. If
this policy should change, My use of cookies will be detailed
on this page. Users who are concerned about cookies being stored on
their PCs are encouraged to set your browser to reject or
at least manually approve each cookie that a Web site
attempts to write to your drive. For more information on this
process, contact your service provider, or the help files of
your browser.
Again, if you have any questions concerning the Bible Stuph privacy policy,
please feel free to
contact me.
Readings
Devotions
Trivia
Bible Jumble
Bible Riddle
Bible Search
Links
THE HOLY BIBLE, NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION®, NIV®
Copyright © 1973, 1978, 1984, 2011 by Biblica, Inc.©
Used by permission.
All rights reserved worldwide.
"New International Version" and "NIV" are registered trademarks of Biblica, Inc.®.
Bible Stuph - Copyright © 1998-2020
Questions? Comments? Problems? Suggestions? Contact Me
URL: http://Biblestuph.com/privacy-policy