http://bioexperience.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
BioExperience.com, and BioExperience, Ltd. collectively, ( “We” or “The Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We control this site from offices in the United States of America. All information gathered on this site is confidential. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing BioExperience.com, you acknowledge and fully understand the Privacy Statement of The Company and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in The Company services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
The Comapany collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies.
Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
Use of Cookies
The Company may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
The Company reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into BioExperience.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
Personal Information
Visitors to our website can register to purchase services. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
PARENTAL CONSENT
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. We strongly recommend that parents participate in their children’s exploration of the internet and any online services and use their browser’s parental controls to limit the areas of the internet to which their children have access.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Our business changes constantly. This privacy statement will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy and security statement in effect at the time of collection. You should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question. Send your comments to:
BioExperience.com
10600 S Pennsylvania Ave
Ste 16-185
Oklahoma City, OK 73170