http://bitchmagazine.org/BitchMart-store-policies#privacysecurity
Jump to navigation
CultureAll Culture
BitchReads
Books
Internets
Media
Music
Screen
HealthAll Health
Abortion
Body Image
Chronic Illness
Disability
Mental Health
Sex
LifeAll Life
Food
Parenting
Pregnancy
Relationships
Religion
PodcastsAll Podcasts
Backtalk
Popaganda
PoliticsAll Politics
2020 Election
Activism
Education
Labor
Reproductive Rights
ScienceAll Science
Climate Change
Shop BitchmartShop All
Subscribe
Renew subscription
Gift a subscription
Become a member
Gift a membership
Donate
Accessories
Back Issues
Books
Digital Readers
Search form
Search
Policies, Terms and Conditions
Store Policies
This page lists store policies.
Currency and Payment
All prices listed are in USD. Bitch Media accepts credit/debit card (Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Discover) and PayPal payments.
Change of Address
Planning on moving or changing your delivery address? Please make address changes at least six weeks in advance of your anticipated move/delivery address change date to ensure that you will receive your magazine. We cannot replace magazines lost due to unreported address changes. You can submit an address change form here.
Rage Membership
The Rage is a monthly, recurring membership program. By providing your payment information and clicking the Join Now button as your electronic signature, you authorize us to initiate recurring monthly charges/debits via your preferred payment method and commence your membership in The Rage. After the initial payment, your membership will automatically renew on a monthly basis from the day you join, at the level of membership you selected upon joining, and via the payment method you selected upon joining, thereafter. You may adjust your membership level or cancel at any time by logging into your account at bitchmedia.org for a secure link to manage your membership or reaching out to us at TheRage@b-word.org. Please note that we cannot retroactively refund more than one monthly payment from the date of cancellation. In the event that you join The Rage by mistake, we will change your donation to a one-time, fully tax-deductible donation instead and discontinue your membership once we are notified. All monthly recurring payments to your Rage membership are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law, less the value of the print issues you receive as part of your membership, and will appear as charges from B-Word Worldwide, Inc. dba Bitch Media. Bitch Media is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization; our federal Tax-ID is 94-3360737. A record of each contribution will appear on your monthly checking account or credit/debit card statement; once a year, a record of all your contributions will be emailed to you for tax purposes.
Returns
For non-magazine merchandise orders: Inspect your order as soon as it is received.  You have 5 days from receipt to report damaged or incorrect items, or request a return.
Claims for merchandise damaged or lost in shipping must be resolved with the carrier, but we will help in any way we can. If you discover defects not due to shipping, we will replace the merchandise or refund the cost of the affected items.  However, you will need to return the item(s) for our inspection. If you are going to return a defective or incorrect item, first contact BitchMart Customer Service. In your message state your full name, mailing address, the items you wish to return, and the order number from your emailed receipt.  You will be given shipping instructions and the correct address in your Return Authorization.  Return shipping is the responsibility of the customer.
Magazines: If you receive a damaged copy of Bitch magazine, contact our subscription customer service. We’ll be happy to re-send a copy as long as we have one available. Please include your complete name and mailing address in the request.  Magazines are, however, ineligible for return and cannot be refunded.
Magazine subscriptions may be stopped temporarily and restarted, but may not be cancelled with a refund. Check out our Customer Service page for details on stopping and re-starting a subscription.
Products as Shown
The products shown are for demonstration purposes only. Actual product style, color and/or imprint color may vary slightly from that displayed on your computer monitor.
Donations
By providing your payment information and clicking the Donate Now button as your electronic signature, you authorize us to charge a one-time donation in the amount of, and via the payment method, you selected above. This donation is tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law and will appear as a charge from B-Word Worldwide, Inc. dba Bitch Media. Bitch Media is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization; our federal Tax-ID is 94-3360737. A receipt for your transaction will be emailed to you once the payment is processed.
Privacy & Security
Use of bitchmedia.org implies your consent to our Privacy & Security Policy, so please read below:
Information CollectedBitch Media must collect your name, email address, billing address and credit card information in order to charge you for your purchase or donation online via bitchmedia.org.  We also must collect your shipping address in order to fulfill your subscription and/or ship you any merchandise you have ordered.  Your contact information will only be used for internal purposes, including shipping your order and sending you information about Bitch Media, including fundraising appeals.
SecurityWhen ordering from our website, bitchmedia.org, all of your information is secure and protected. All credit card information is processed via secure socket layers and encryption which fully protects your personal and financial information.We strive to protect the privacy and security of any personal information which you provide us, and it will only be used in the ways set forth in this policy. We reserve the right to change, modify, or amend this policy at any time.
PaymentBitchMart online accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Amex, Paypal and e-checks as payment.To donate by mail, send a check to:Bitch MediaPO Box 11929Portland, OR  97211
Terms and UseYou must be 18 years of age or older to order from Bitch Media. If you are a minor and would like to place an order, please have an adult in your household make this purchase for you. When ordering merchandise from bitchmedia.org, you affirm that you are at least 18 years old and possess the legal authority to enter into a purchase agreement in accordance with these terms.
Get award-winning feminist analysis straight to your inbox: Sign up for our Weekly Reader!
Email *
First name
Last name
Zip Code
Leave this field blank
Thanks to our Sponsors
Sex Toy Collective
Doctor Climax
Vibrator Vixen