http://blackcollegian.com/cm/privacy
Menu
x
Job Search
Employer Profiles
Career Fair
Log in / Register
Job Seeker
Employers
Advanced search
Privacy policy Privacy Policy Statement for DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS Web Site DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe and secure experience for all. We will use our best efforts to ensure the information you submit to us remains private and is used only for the purposes described here. DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS is dedicated to providing career and self-development information to job seekers. Our mission is to help you find a job and succeed in the workplace. The following reflects our commitment to you. Information Collection and Usage In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services they access the most. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you. We may share this information with our partners, but again only in the aggregate, so that they, too, may understand how visitors use our site, creating a better overall experience for you as well. Information About You Specifically In some instances, when you sign up to use one of our services such as My Job Tools and Resume Manager, enter a contest, purchase a product, or request information from us, for example, we may need more specific information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc. We may use that information when necessary to contact you regarding site changes relevant to services or functions you have signed up to use. If you give us permission, we may also use that information to make you aware of additional products, services and content that may be of interest to you. We may also ask you for other information, such as information on your interests, likes and dislikes regarding the site, the types of jobs you are interested in, etc. This is all in an effort to deliver the best possible site experience for you. Additionally, DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS may collect email addresses of newsletter mailing list subscribers. Newsletters are opt-in mailings, and the user may opt-out from the list at any time using personal subscription controls or upon request. See also “User Access and How to Opt-out or Unsubscribe” section below for additional detail. Registration Registration is required for some job-seeker functionality, such as creating a My Job Tools account, allowing online job applications, resume storage, contact by potential employers, and job alert email features. Registering to create a My Job Tools account requires you to give us contact information (i.e. name, phone, e-mail address). We use this information to send you announcements about careers, jobs, our company, and our partners. The contact information is also used to contact you, if necessary. In general, we will not release any user information to any third party unless you give us permission to do so or you specifically choose to expose your information using your personal privacy and subscription control functions included in your My Job Tools account, as described below. Updating Account Information DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS allows you to change or modify your resume and other job tools and to modify your confidentiality control settings and personal information at any time. To do so, simply log go to find a job and login to My Job Tools on DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS and select the option for editing the information you wish to change. Resumes As a career site, DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS provides you with tools to store and manage your resume online, including the option to place your resume in a database that can be searched, viewed, copied, stored and forwarded by prospective employers. For your security and privacy, you may assign one of three levels of confidentiality to every resume you post, controlling the degree of access that employers will have to your resume and your identifying information: * “Public”: Your identity, resume, and contact information will be completely searchable and viewable by all employers and recruiters who pay for access to our resume database. *  “Confidential”: Employers may search for and view the contents of your resume, but your identity, contact information, and current job title will be hidden from their view. Potential employers may contact you only by email, and you may choose whether to respond to those emails. (NOTE: If you choose this option, do not include your contact information in the body of your resume.) *  “Private”: Your stored resume and personal information will not be accessible in the searchable database. It will be disclosed only to employers upon your specific authorization, on a company-by-company basis. We only grant access to our resume database only to paying employers and their recruiters, hiring managers, and human resource professionals, but we can’t guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time by deleting your information or by emailing a resume deletion request to admin@diversityemployers.com. However, employers and recruiters who have paid for access to the database, and other parties who have otherwise gained access to the database, may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of resumes in these instances, or for the use or privacy of your resume by any such parties while your resume is in our database. User Access and How to Opt-out or Unsubscribe DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS is committed to providing reasonable and practical access to allow visitors to identify inaccuracies in their personal information. Each user has the right of access to personal data he or she has submitted through DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS  In most cases, visitors who submit personal information through DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS subscription-based tools may change their personal information, and subscribe and unsubscribe to services themselves. However, visitors may also submit inquiries about the accuracy of personally identifiable information they have previously submitted through DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS  and may request to have information removed by DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS  When practical, DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS will, upon request, modify or delete personally identifying information. To request modifications or report other problems, please contact admin@diversityemployers.com. Our site also allows you to opt-out of (unsubscribe from) receiving communications from us, at the point where we request information about you. You can send email to admin@diversityemployers.com if you would like to remove your information from our database, and no longer wish to receive communications or services from DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS. Third Party Distribution General Information Disclosure: We do not disclose information about your individual visits to our sites, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, personal references, etc., to any outside parties. Subscribers to “My Job Tools” should also refer to the section, “Information About You Specifically” above, which provides information about privacy conditions and your customized confidentiality controls specifically related to creating a My Job Tools account, and posting a resume and other job search-related materials containing personal information on DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS. Use of IP Address and Cookies We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your user session. DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS uses cookie technology on a limited basis (to make the site more convenient to our users), and cookies are only set if your computer allows cookies to be accepted. There are some pages and functions within our site that will not work if you do not accept cookies. To learn more about cookies and understand how your computer handles them, see the page below that corresponds to the browser you use: * Netscape *  Internet Explorer * Mozilla * Opera * Apple Safari Data Security The security of the information you provide to DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS is important to us. Registration forms, which capture certain information, including credit card transactions, are secured through 128 bit SSL encryption with a registered Verisign SSL certificate. Information is stored in a secure area and is only accessible by authorized DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS staff. However, the DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS site include links to other sites, and when you choose to visit those sites, DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS cannot assume responsibility for any other site’s content or information handling practices. We encourage you to review each site’s privacy policy prior to entering into transactions with the third-party linked sites. Minors DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and does not knowingly collect personal, identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. Feedback and How to Contact Us DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS has many areas on the site where you can submit feedback. Feedback submitted through these areas becomes the property of DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS  We may use this feedback, such as success stories or letters to the editor, for marketing or content purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on our site. Future Notifications If we decide to change our privacy commitment for DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS  we will post those changes here so you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS privacy commitment, please feel free to e-mail us admin@diversityemployers.com call  1-281-265-2472 and speak to one of our customer service representatives. Thank you for using DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS. We’ll keep working hard to so that we can continue to merit your loyalty.
Featured jobs
Director of Theatre and (Open Rank) Faculty of Theatre
Berry College
Georgia (GA)
SCHOOL NURSE - LONG-TERM SUBSTITUTE
South Middlesex Regional Vocational Technical School District
Massachusetts (MA)
Administrative Secretary - Small Business Development Center
Alabama State University
Alabama (AL)
Data Engineer
Mt. San Antonio College
California (CA)
Learning Specialist, Disability Services
Bristol Community College
Massachusetts (MA)
MORE JOBS LIKE THOSE
View more
Don't miss your dream job.
SET UP JOB ALERTS
JOB ALERTS
POST A Résumé
Find Qualified Candidates
Advertise jobs
Search résumés
Featured employers
Home About us Job search Employer area Contact us Privacy policy
Copyright © DIVERSITY EMPLOYERS Job Board 2013 - 2020
Powered by JobMount Job Board Software