https://blessingsonthenet.com/privacy-policy
Call: 08452040404 /
09987123949 / 09987404440 Chennai: +91-8939369183
Contact Us
The Most Trusted Travel And Spiritual Portal In India
Login | Register
Hi,
(logout)
Temple Travel Hotel Flight Festival Culture Greetings
Tour Diaries
Store
Special Offers
Privacy Policy
General DisclaimerThe information available through
the Internet, based on information and inputs provided by many different
people from across the globe because there is no central management or
review of this information, Nirvana India Enterprise . Ltd. cannot
guarantee that it always will be accurate and up to date. Similarly,
because there is no monitoring or censorship or accuracy checks on the
information provided herein, it is possible that some readers may
encounter documents that they may consider offensive or inappropriate. Disclaimer:Nirvana
India Enterprise . does not propose to propagate any religion, sect,
philosophy, cult, culture or creed or any another form of groups or
words indicating/synonym to the word "group". The company proposes only
to position and present information, which is already public domain
information for creating awareness on the pre-existing subject. The
company subscribes to none of them nor prescribes to them.The
information contained on the blesssingsonthenet.com site is not
intended, nor is it implied, to be a substitute for knowledge,
information on a subjects/topic. We always recommend that the
user/reader seek the advice of a qualified person in getting to know
more of his/her subject of interest.The information is provided
"as is" without warranty of any kind and Nirvana India Enterprise. .
hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to any
information contained on this site, including all implied warranties and
conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Nirvana India Enterprise. Ltd. assumes no liability of any kind for the
information and data contained in this site or for any decision made in
reliance thereon.  Copyright and Proprietary Rights:The
contents of the blessingsonthenet.com site are copyrighted by Nirvana
India Enterpris . and by certain other third parties. A single copy may
be downloaded and /or reprinted solely for personal and noncommercial
use, with prior permission of Nirvana India Enterprise . Any downloaded
or reprinted material may not be altered in any way and must contain the
following copyright notice: "Copyright Nirvana India Enterprise. All
Rights Reserved." and any other copyright or other proprietary rights
notices, which were contained on the downloaded material. Any other use
of the material, either in whole or in part for any other reason is
expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from
Nirvana India Enterprise .  Niravana India Enterprises .proposes
to market, promote, sell, transact, provide support and information on
various products/subjects/services. These products/services/subjects may
not be Copy righted to NirvanaIndia Enterprise . We recognize and
respect all copy rights/rights of all parties associated with us.Disclaimer of LiabilityWith
respect to documents available through this Service, Nirvana India
Enterprise . assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information provided by
this service. Nirvana India Enterprise . does not represent that any
use, copying, or redistribution of this information would not infringe
on privately held rights.Disclaimer of EndorsementReference
on this Service to any specific commercial product, process or service
by trade name, trade mark, manufacturer, or other reference, does not
constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favor by Nirvana
India Enterprise. Ltd.. The views and opinions expressed in documents
available through the Service do not necessarily state or reflect those
of Nirvana India Enterprise . as an institution, and may not be used for
advertising or product endorsement purposes.Trademarks:"blessingsonthenet.com"
and the names of all blessingsonthnet.com products and services
referenced in the blessingsonthenet.com site are either trademarks or
registered trademarks of the Nirvana India Enterprise. Other product and
company names referenced in the blessingsonthenet.com site may be the
trademarks of their respective owners.  Other Names:It
many be possible that the names of certain companies, people,
characters and/or data contained in this site are fictitious and are in
no way intended to represent any real individual, company, product or
event, unless otherwise noted.Links To Third Party Sites:Certain
links on this site will let you leave blessingsonthenet.com site. The
linked sites are not under the control of Nirvana India Enterprises .
and Nirvana India Enterprise . is not responsible for the contents of
any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. These links are
provided for your convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not
imply endorsement by Nirvana India Enterprise . Ltd. of any such linked
site.  The company in no way subscribes to the contents of the Third
Party sitesJurisdictionThe jurisdiction of all
issues relating to any party involved in this site in any transaction is
limited to the Courts of Mumbai, India.Privacy PolicyNirvana
India Enterprise . Ltd. believes that electronic privacy is crucial to
the ongoing success of the Internet as a service, commercial, and
entertainment medium. Our policy is to keep the personal information we
receive from our sites completely confidential, and used solely for
internal purposes. We will not share your personal information with any
other parties.  Nirvana India Enterprise . will not willfully
disclose any individually identifiable information about its users to
any third party.
Home
|
About Us
|
Disclaimer
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy policy
|
Refund policy
|
Sitemap
|
Advertise
|
Contact Us
|
Shirdi Hotels
Content
Enquiry
All Fields are Mandatory
Name
Email
Contact no
Enquiry Type
Select
Hotels
Tour package
Message
Your enquiry has been submitted. We will get back to you shortly.