http://blisshappensyoga.com/2020/06/07/why-does-double-glazing-help-to-keep-us-cool-in-summer/
Skip to content
Double glazing is discovered in offices, houses and federal government structures across the world, thanks to its exceptional insulate homes. It will considerably outshine a single, regular pane of glass in impeding the flow of heat, and for this reason it’s a weapon of option for house owners wanting to reduce their bills during those icy winter season.
Does double glazing keep heat out as well as in? The answer is yes: a less often-touted benefit of double glazing is that it’ll assist keep your home cooler in summertime– which is indispensable if we’re to get a good night’s sleep during those July heat waves.
How does double glazing work? Double glazing works by limiting the amount of heat that can move from one side of the window to the other through convection. It does this by putting 2 separate panes of glass parallel to one another, and leaving a void in between. When one side of the glass becomes hotter, its particles start to vibrate extremely quickly, triggering a domino effect that spreads across the solid glass. However this heat energy is not able to travel through the empty space on the other side, given that there are far fewer particles through which to move the energy. The heat is thus slowed down. This impact is a lot more noticeable in contemporary types of double glazing, which replace empty space for a vacuum, or an inert gas like argon.
How do I compare different sorts of double glazing?In order to see how effectively your window will contain heat (and noise), examine its energy efficiency ranking. This score exists on a scale of A+-G, with A+ being the best and G being the worst. While a window’s score will suggest its real-world performance, this efficiency will be affected if the window suffers damage gradually.
When the seal around the edge of a double-glazed window breaks, the gas trapped within will have the ability to get away. This impact ends up being especially obvious during winter, when water droplets begin to condense between the window panes. This is proof that water vapour has actually discovered its method through a space, which suggests that the gas inside your window has actually gotten away. This will vastly decrease its ability to repel (and contain) heat, therefore the window will require changing. This sort of wear-and-tear takes numerous years to manifest, however with the right maintenance, the day of failure can be postponed significantly.
How else can I keep my home cool during summer season?Naturally, double-glazing isn’t the only method we can prevent heat from entering our homes. In hotter environments, it’s common practice for windows to be fitted with shutters, which obstruct heat from going into your house. For obvious factors, this is less typical in the UK, but we can use the very same principle and close our curtains or blinds when the sun is beating down on the sides of our houses in the height of summertime.
Post Sponsored by Leeds Glazing – Window Repairs in Leeds.
Post navigation
Previous Previous post: Can You Tan Through Windows?Next Next post: Why Are Double-Glazed Windows Filled With Argon?
Archives
June 2020
January 2020
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
Categories
Cooking
Corfu
Emergency Boarding Up
Emergency Glass Repairs
Glass Repairs
Glaziers Near Me
Glazing
Leaking Roof
Living
Local
Local Kitchen Fitter
Loft Storage
Longboard
Longboard Surfing
Moving Home
Nursing Home
Plumber
Renovation Project
Roof Repairs
Roof Terrace
St Albans
Turbot
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
How to Make Old Windows Energy Effective Without Changing Them
What Causes Double Glazing to Crack?
When Should You Replace Double Glazing?
Why Are Double-Glazed Windows Filled With Argon?
Why Does Double Glazing Help to Keep Us Cool in Summer?