http://blueutopia.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Platform Pricing Partners Who We Serve A Few of Our Clients County Parties
Resources Blog How We're Different Compare CRMs About Us Contact Us Support
Privacy Policy Blue Utopia has been a dedicated advocate of privacy and online security.
This privacy policy reflects that commitment.
Our privacy policy explains:
How we use the information you provide
How we store and protect your information How to contact us, unsubscribe from mailing lists, opt out, or correct information
Related Security Issues
How we use the information you provide : When you register on blueutopia.com,
we will ask for your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
We use the information you provide to send you news and information about the activities of Blue Utopia and its products.
We will not sell this information to any third party, under any circumstances. On
rare occasion, we may ask for your permission to share your information with a candidate we think you would like to hear from. If and only if you give your consent, we will share basic contact information so they may contact
you. When you contribute money online, we are required, under Federal and State Election law, to report specific information on each contributor. We do this in periodic filings that we provide the governing body (either the FEC or state election office).
Necessary information includes: name, address, amount of contribution, date
of contribution, employer and occupation.
We make every effort to preserve user privacy.
When required by law, we may disclose personal information wherein we have a
good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a
court order or legal process served on our Web
site. When you receive an email from blueutopia.com, we employ "Web Beacons" to determine if the email has been read.
We do not track this information on an individual basis, and no personally identifiable information is transferred.
Our database aggregates the results to help us continue improving the content we provide.
How we store and protect your information : blueutopia.com makes use of the latest security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our
control.
We use encryption technology to ensure that personal information is not susceptible to theft. Additionally, our server is located in a
professionally managed, secure environment, with a guard posted 24 hours a day.
When you make a contribution online, your information is wrapped in 128-bit security, making it highly secure when it is processed.
IP Addresses and Log File Data:
IP addresses are the location of your computer or network on the Internet. We log them for troubleshooting purposes, and to track which pages people visit in order to improve the
quality of the site. We do not use this information to develop individual profiles. How to contact us : If you want to contact us to unsubscribe from mailing lists at any time, or opt out,
review, update and/or correct your information, you can do so quickly and easily by logging on to blueutopia.com and changing your preferences.
You can also contact Blue Utopia via
e-mail, fax, telephone or written letter. For legal and accounting purposes, contribution records will remain in our database.
To contact us via email for general questions or comments, visit http://www.blueutopia.com. To contact us or unsubscribe via US Mail: Send a letter with your full name and email
address to: Blue Utopia,
PO Box 4486,
Seattle, WA 98194 .
To contact us via telephone, please call (206) 262-0137
between the hours of 9 AM and 5 PM PST, Monday through Friday. Links to other web sites: This privacy policy covers Blue Utopia's web site; http://www.blueutopia.com. The site links to a number of other web sites. Should you
choose to visit those web sites, please remember that Blue Utopia is not responsible for their content or privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and review the practices of all websites you
visit. Changes to the Blue Utopia Privacy Statement:
The committee may modify or amend this statement in the future, to better protect your
information. If there are material changes to this statement, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Regardless
of later updates, we will abide by the practices described in this statement at the time you provided us with your information. Additional Steps You
Can Take to Protect Your Privacy and Security:
Blue Utopia makes every effort to guarantee your privacy and the security of any information that you provide to us. But we urge you to remember that privacy and security begins with you -- you can help avoid cyber crime and identity
theft, by being vigilant in maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or password reminders and should always exercise caution when disclosing information online.