http://blueutopia.com/terms
Menu
Platform Pricing Partners Who We Serve A Few of Our Clients County Parties
Resources Blog How We're Different Compare CRMs About Us Contact Us Support
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE CUSTOMER TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY.
This is a contract between you (the Customer) and us (BlueUtopia). It is
referred to as the Subscription Agreement and it describes the services we will
provide to you, how we will work together, and other aspects of our business
relationship. It is a legal document so some of the language is necessarily
"legalese", but we have tried to make it as readable as possible. These terms
are important and we cannot provide our products or services to you unless you
agree to them. By using the Subscription Service, you are agreeing to these
terms.
We periodically update these terms. If you have an active BlueUtopia
subscription, we will let you know when we do via an email or in-app
notification. You can find archived versions of the terms here: http://blueutopia.com/legal-archive
Finally, we know legal terms can sometimes be difficult to navigate, so we
wanted to give you a roadmap of the Agreement:
A. DEFINITIONS. This is where we provide the detail on what the key defined
terms in the Subscription Agreement mean.
B. GENERAL COMMERCIAL TERMS. Here's where you can find the basics about how our
Subscription Service and Professional Services are provided. For example, you
can find information on access and acceptable use. These terms apply to all of
our products and service offerings.
C. PRODUCT DISCLOSURES. We offer several different products and there are some
important things to know before you use them. We've collected these important
things to know and you can find them here.
D. GENERAL LEGAL TERMS. As we mention above, this is a contract, and contracts
are filled with legal terms. In this section, we've collected the many of the
remaining legal terms that make up our Customer Terms of Service.A. DEFINITIONS
"Subscription Agreement" means the terms of service outlined and linked to
here.
"Billing Period" means the period for which you agree to prepay fees under an
Order Form. Unless otherwise agreed upon, Billing Periods are typically annual
(12 months) or monthly (30 days).
"Communication Services" means online communities, blogs, web pages, calendars,
messaging, and/or other social media communication facilities (such as Facebook,
Twitter and LinkedIn) linked to or from the Subscription Service that enable you
to communicate with the public or with a private group.
"Confidential Information" means all information provided by you or by us ("the
Discloser") to the other party ("the Receiver"), whether orally or in writing,
that is designated as confidential. Confidential Information may include, but is
not limited to, Customer Data, information about the Discloser's business plans,
technical data, and the terms of the Order. Confidential Information does not
include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public
without breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser or (ii) was known to the
Receiver before receipt from the Discloser.
"Contact" means a single individual (other than a User) whose Contact
Information is stored by you in the Subscription Service.
"Contact Information" means the name, email address, phone number, online user
name(s), telephone number, and similar information submitted by visitors to your
landing pages on the Subscription Service or uploaded by you to the Subscription
Service.
"Professional Services" means the services provided to you by us, which may
include training, setup, integration, development, or other consulting or
technical services.
"Customer Data" means all information that you submit or collect via the
Subscription Service. Customer Data does not include Enrichment Data.
"Customer Materials" means all materials that you provide or post, upload, input
or submit for public display through the Subscription Service.
"Email Send Limit" means the number of emails that you may send in any given
calendar month. For our Full Service Marketing Products this limit is equal to
ten (10) times the Maximum Contacts number per month.
"Enrichment Data" means the data we make available to you as part of the
Subscription Service. Enrichment Data also includes information about Users,
such as social media handles, avatars, and alternate email address, that we
obtain from public or third party sources.
"BlueUtopia Content" means all information, data, text, messages, software,
sound, music, video, photographs, graphics, images, and tags that we incorporate
into the Subscription Service or Professional Services, including Enrichment
Data.
"Maximum Contacts" means the maximum number of Contacts you are permitted to use
with the Subscription Service as identified in your Order Form, plus any
Contacts added as part of an upgrade.
"Order" or "Order Form" means the BlueUtopia-approved form or online
subscription process by which you agree to subscribe to the Subscription Service
and/or purchase Professional Services. Most Orders are completed through our
online payment process or via in-app purchase.
"Sensitive Information" means (a) credit or debit card numbers; personal
financial account information; Social Security numbers or local equivalents;
passport numbers; driver's license numbers or similar identifiers; passwords;
racial or ethnic origin; physical or mental health condition or information; or
other employment, financial or health information, including any information
subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standards, and other regulations, laws or industry
standards designed to protect similar information; and (b) any information
defined under EU data protection laws as 'Sensitive Personal Data'.
"Subscription Fee" means the amount you pay for the Subscription Service.
"Subscription Service" means all of our web-based communication, fundraising,
and web applications, tools and platforms that you have subscribed to by an
Order Form or that we otherwise make available to you, and are developed,
operated, and maintained by us, accessible via http://blueutopia.com or another
designated URL, and any ancillary products and services, including website
hosting, that we provide to you.
"Subscription Term" means the initial term of your subscription to the
applicable Subscription Service, as specified on your Order Form(s), and each
subsequent renewal term (if any). For Free Services, the Subscription Term will
be the period during which you have an account to access the Free Services.
"Third-Party Products" means non-embedded products and professional services
that are provided by third parties which interoperate with or are used in
connection with the Subscription Service. These products and services include
non-BlueUtopia apps available from, for example, the following: our integrations
products page, partner directory, template marketplace, links made available
through the Subscription Service and non-BlueUtopia services listed on
services.blueutopia.com.
"Third-Party Sites" means third-party websites linked to from within the
Subscription Service, including Communications Services.
"Users" means your employees, representatives, consultants, contractors or
agents who are authorized to use the Subscription Service for your benefit and
have unique user identifications and passwords for the Subscription Service.
"BlueUtopia", "we", "us" or "our" means the applicable contracting entity as
specified in the 'Contracting Entity and Applicable Law' section.
"You", "your" or "Customer" means the person or entity using the Subscription
Service or receiving the Professional Services and identified in the applicable
account record, billing statement, online subscription process, or Order Form as
the customer.
B. GENERAL COMMERCIAL TERMS
1. Access. During the Subscription Term, we will provide you access to use the
Subscription Service as described in this Agreement and the applicable Order. We
may also provide you access to use our Free Services at any time by activating
them in your BlueUtopia portal. We might provide some or all elements of the
Subscription Service through third party service providers.
2. Additional Features. You may subscribe to additional features of the
Subscription Service by placing an additional Order or activating the additional
features from within your BlueUtopia portal (if this option is made available by
us.). This Agreement will apply to all additional Order(s) and all additional
features that you activate from within your BlueUtopia portal.
3. Availability. We try to make the Subscription Service available 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week, except for planned down-time for maintenance.
4. Professional Services. You may purchase Professional Services by placing an
Order with us. Fees for these Professional Services are in addition to your
Subscription Fee. If you purchase Professional Services that recur, they will be
considered part of your subscription and will renew in accordance with your
subscription.
All Professional Services are performed remotely, unless you and we otherwise
agree.
We might provide some or all elements of the Professional Services through third
party service providers. Professional Services are non-cancellable and all fees
for Professional Services are non-refundable.
5. Fees and Payments
a. Subscription Fees. The Subscription Fee will remain fixed during the
Subscription Term unless you: (i) exceed your Maximum Contacts, Email Send
Limit, User or other applicable limits (see the 'Limits' section below), (ii)
upgrade products or base packages, or (iii) subscribe to additional features or
products.
For our Subscription Services, once increased, your Subscription Fee will not
decrease, even if there is a subsequent reduction in the number of Contacts or
emails sent.
For any products that have applicable User limits or volume limits, you will be
charged fees associated with all Billable Users or applicable volume.
b. Fee Adjustments in Next Billing Period. The Contact tier for the next Billing
Period is calculated a random number of days before the start of your next
Billing Period and on a monthly basis. If the number of Contacts in your portal
exceeds your Maximum Contacts at that time, then your Subscription Fee will
increase at the beginning of the next Billing Period up to the tier price which
corresponds with the reviewed number of Contacts. Tier prices are as set forth
in our pricing page at http://blueutopia.com/pricing.
c. Fee Adjustments During a Billing Period. The Subscription Fee will increase
during the course of a Billing Period if you exceed your Email Send Limit in a
Billing Period. In this case, the Subscription Fee will increase to the tier
price which corresponds with your maximum monthly email sends from the current
Billing Period.
d. Payment by credit card. If you are paying by credit card, you authorize us to
charge your credit card or bank account for all fees payable during the
Subscription Term. You further authorize us to use a third party to process
payments, and consent to the disclosure of your payment information to such
third party.
e. Payment against invoice. If you are paying by invoice, we will invoice you no
more than forty-five (45) days before the beginning of the Subscription Term and
each subsequent Billing Period, and other times during the Subscription Term
when fees are payable. All amounts invoiced are due and payable within thirty
(30) days from the date of the invoice, unless otherwise specified in the Order
Form.
f. Payment Information. You will keep your contact information, billing
information and credit card information (where applicable) up to date. Changes
may be made on your Billing Page within your BlueUtopia portal. All payment
obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid are non-refundable, except
as specifically provided for in this Agreement. All fees are due and payable in
advance throughout the Subscription Term. If you are a BlueUtopia Agency Partner
that purchases on behalf of a client, you agree to be responsible for the Order
Form and to guarantee payment of all fees.
g. Sales Tax. All fees are exclusive of taxes, which we will charge as
applicable. You agree to pay any taxes applicable to your use of the
Subscription Service and performance of Consulting Services. You shall have no
liability for any taxes based upon our gross revenues or net income.
6. Use and Limitations of Use
a. Acceptable Use. You will comply with our Acceptable Use Policy at http://blueutopia.com/acceptable-use
("AUP").
b. Prohibited and Unauthorized Use. You will not (i) use or launch any automated
system, including, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that sends more
request messages to our servers in a given period of time than a human can
reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional browser; (ii) use
the Subscription Service in any manner that damages, disables, overburdens, or
impairs any of our websites or interferes with any other party's use of the
Subscription Service; (iii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the
Subscription Service; (iv) access the Subscription Service other than through
our interface; or (v) use the Subscription Service for any purpose or in any
manner that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.
You may not use the Subscription Service if you are legally prohibited from
receiving or using the Subscription Service under the laws of the country in
which you are resident or from which you access or use the Subscription Service.
The Subscription Service is not designed to comply with industry-specific
regulations such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA),
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), or the Federal Information Security
Management Act (FISMA), so you may not use the Subscription Service where your
communications would be subject to such laws. You agree not to use data from the
Subscription Service in legal proceedings or otherwise as evidence.
You will notify us right away of any unauthorized use of your Users'
identifications and passwords or your account by following the instructions at
http://blueutopia.com/help.
c. No Sensitive Information. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO
COLLECT, MANAGE OR PROCESS SENSITIVE INFORMATION. WE WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY
THAT MAY RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO COLLECT OR MANAGE
SENSITIVE INFORMATION.
d. Use of Communication Services. You agree to use Communication Services only
in compliance with any terms of use specified by each Communication Service. We
do not control the content, messages or information found in the Communication
Services. We will not have any liability with regards to the Communication
Services and any actions resulting from your use of the Communication Services.
e. Third-Party Sites and Products. Third-Party Sites and Products are not under
our control. Third-Party Sites and Products are provided to you only as a
convenience, and the availability of any Third-Party Site or Product does not
mean we endorse, support or warrant the Third-Party Site or Product.
7. Subscription Term, Termination, Suspension
a. Term and Renewal. Your initial subscription period will be specified in your
Order, and your subscription will automatically renew for the shorter of the
subscription period, or one year. To prevent renewal of the subscription, the
required notice must be provided within the timeframe as specified in the
'Subscription Types' section below. If you add products during the Subscription
Term, the fees for these additional products will be pro-rated and they will
renew along with your subscription, unless otherwise indicated through the
BlueUtopia portal.
The renewal pricing set forth in your Order will apply, subject to adjustment as
specified in the 'Fees and Payments' section above. If renewal pricing is not
included in your Order, then our standard pricing on the date of renewal will
apply.
b. No Early Termination; No Refunds. The Subscription Term will end on the
expiration date and the subscription cannot be cancelled early. We do not
provide refunds if you decide to stop using the BlueUtopia subscription during
your Subscription Term.
c. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause,
as to any or all Subscription Services: (i) upon thirty (30) days' notice to the
other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the
expiration of such period, or (ii) immediately, if the other party becomes the
subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to
insolvency, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors. We may also
terminate this Agreement for cause on thirty (30) days' notice if we determine
that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or may negatively reflect
on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers. This Agreement may not
otherwise be terminated prior to the end of the Subscription Term.
d. Suspension for Prohibited Acts. We may suspend any User's access to any or
all Subscription Services without notice for: (i) use of the Subscription
Service in a way that violates applicable local, state, federal, or foreign laws
or regulations or the terms of this Agreement, (ii) use of the BlueUtopia email
send service that results in excessive hard bounces, SPAM complaints, or
requests for removal from a mailing list by recipients, or (iii) repeated
instances of posting or uploading material that infringes or is alleged to
infringe on the copyright or trademark rights of any person or entity. We may,
without notice, review, edit and delete any Customer Data or Customer Materials
that we determine in good faith violate these terms or the AUP.
e. Suspension for Non-Payment. We will provide you with notice of non-payment of
any amount due. Unless the full amount has been paid, we may suspend your access
to any or all of the Subscription Services ten (10) days after such notice. We
will not suspend the Subscription Service while you are disputing the applicable
charges reasonably and in good faith and are cooperating diligently to resolve
the dispute. If a Subscription Service is suspended for non-payment, we may
charge a re-activation fee to reinstate the Subscription Service.
f. Suspension for Present Harm. If your website on, or use of, the Subscription
Service: (i) is being subjected to denial of service attacks or other disruptive
activity, (ii) is being used to engage in denial of service attacks or other
disruptive activity, (iii) is creating a security vulnerability for the
Subscription Service or others, (iv) is consuming excessive bandwidth, or (v) is
causing harm to us or others, then we may, with electronic or telephonic notice
to you, suspend all or any access to the Subscription Service. We will try to
limit the suspension to the affected portion of the Subscription Service and
promptly resolve the issues causing the suspension of the Subscription Service.
Nothing in this clause limits our right to terminate for cause as outlined
above, if we determine that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or
may negatively reflect on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers.
g. Suspension and Termination of Free Services. We may suspend, limit, or
terminate any Trial or Free Service for any reason at any time without notice.
We may terminate your subscription to any or all Free Services due to your
inactivity.
h. Effect of Termination or Expiration. Upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, you will stop all use of the affected Subscription Service and
BlueUtopia Content, and if we request, you will provide us written confirmation
that you have discontinued all use of Enrichment Data (unless, of course, you
have a source other than the Subscription Service for such Enrichment Data.) We
may or may not provide you the opportunity to retrieve Customer Data after
termination or expiration, depending on the type of applicable subscription as
specified in the 'Retrieval of Customer Data' section below. If you terminate
this Agreement for cause, we will promptly refund any prepaid but unused fees
covering use of the Subscription Service after termination. If we terminate this
Agreement for cause, you will promptly pay all unpaid fees due through the end
of the Subscription Term. Fees are otherwise non-refundable.
Unless otherwise specified in your Order, to prevent renewal of a Limited
Service Subscription, you or we must give written notice of non-renewal and this
written notice must be received before the next renewal period begins. If you
decide not to renew, you may send this non-renewal notice to us by indicating
that you do not want to renew by turning auto-renew off by accessing the billing
details information in your BlueUtopia portal, or by following the steps here,
as applicable.
i. Retrieval of Customer Data. As long as you have paid all fees owed to us, if
you make a written request within thirty (30) days after termination or
expiration of your subscription, we will provide you with temporary access to
the Subscription Service to retrieve, or we will provide you with copies of, all
Customer Data then in our possession or control. If we provide you with
temporary access to the portal, we may charge a re-activation fee. We may
withhold access to Customer Data until you pay any fees owed to us. Thirty (30)
days after termination or expiration of your Subscription, we will have no
obligation to maintain or provide you the Customer Data and may, unless legally
prohibited, delete all Customer Data in our systems or otherwise in our control.
For our Limited Service and Free Subscriptions, we will not provide you with any
access to Customer Data after termination or expiration of your subscription.
C. PRODUCT DISCLOSURES
1. Alpha/Beta Services. If we make alpha or beta access to some or all of the
Subscription Service (the "Alpha/Beta Services") available to you (i) the
Alpha/Beta Services are provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind, (ii)
we may suspend, limit, or terminate the Alpha/Beta Services for any reason at
any time without notice, and (iii) we will not be liable to you for damages of
any kind related to your use of the Alpha/Beta Services. If we inform you of
additional terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Alpha/Beta
Services, those will apply as well. We might require your participation to be
confidential, and we might also require you to provide feedback to us about your
use of the Alpha/Beta Services. You agree that we own all rights to use and
incorporate your feedback into our services and products, without payment or
attribution to you.
7. Free Trial. If you register for a free trial, we will make the applicable
Subscription Service available to you on a trial basis free of charge until the
earlier of (a) the end of the free trial period (if not terminated earlier) or
(b) the start date of your paid subscription. Unless you purchase a subscription
to the applicable Subscription Service before the end of the free trial, all of
your data in the Subscription Service may be permanently deleted at the end of
the trial, and we will not recover it. If we include additional terms and
conditions on the trial registration web page, those will apply as well.
D. GENERAL LEGAL TERMS 1. Customer Data
<p>a. Limits on BlueUtopia. We will not use, or allow anyone else to use, Customer
Data to contact any individual or company except as you direct or otherwise
permit. We will use Customer Data only in order to provide the Subscription
Service and Professional Services to you and only as permitted by applicable
law, this Agreement, and our Privacy Policy, located at http://BlueUtopia.com/privacy-policy.
b. Aggregate Data. We may monitor use of the Subscription Service by all of our
customers and use the data gathered in an aggregate and anonymous manner. You
agree that we may use and publish such information, provided that such
information does not incorporate any Customer Data and/or identify you.
c. Safeguards. We will maintain commercially appropriate administrative,
physical, and technical safeguards to protect Customer Data. You consent to the
processing of Customer Data in the United States.
2. BlueUtopia's Proprietary Rights. This is an Agreement for access to and use
of the Subscription Service, and you are not granted a license to any software
by this Agreement. The Subscription Service and Professional Services are
protected by intellectual property laws, they belong to and are the property of
us or our licensors (if any), and we retain all ownership rights to them. You
agree not to copy, rent, lease, sell, distribute, or create derivative works
based on the BlueUtopia Content, the Subscription Service, or the Professional
Services in whole or in part, by any means, except as expressly authorized in
writing by us. Our trademarks include, but aren't limited to, those listed at
http://BlueUtopia.com/trademarks (which we may update at any time without notice
to you) and you may not use any of these without our prior written permission.
If we make Enrichment Data available to you, then you may only use that
Enrichment Data in connection with your use of the Subscription Service (unless,
of course, you have a source other than the Subscription Service for such
Enrichment Data.) Enrichment Data may be made available to you based on Customer
Data, but we will not use your Customer Data to enrich data for other parties.
The Enrichment Data we provide may be provided from or through third party
service providers or public sources.
We encourage all customers to comment on the Subscription Service or Consulting
Services, provide suggestions for improving it, and vote on suggestions they
like. You agree that all such comments and suggestions will be non-confidential
and that we own all rights to use and incorporate them into the Subscription
Service or Consulting Services, without payment or attribution to you.
3. Customer's Proprietary Rights. As between the parties, you own and retain all
rights to the Customer Materials and Customer Data. This Agreement does not
grant us any ownership rights to Customer Materials or Customer Data. You grant
permission to us and our licensors to use the Customer Materials and Customer
Data only as necessary to provide the Subscription Service and Professional
Services to you and as permitted by this Agreement. If you are using the
Subscription Service or receiving Professional Services on behalf of another
party, then you represent and warrant that you have all sufficient and necessary
rights and permissions to do so.
4. Confidentiality. The Receiver will: (i) protect the confidentiality of the
Confidential Information using the same degree of care that it uses with its own
confidential information of similar nature, but with no less than reasonable
care, (ii) not use any Confidential Information for any purpose outside the
scope of this Agreement, (iii) not disclose Confidential Information to any
third party (except our third party service providers), and (iv) limit access to
Confidential Information to its employees, contractors, advisors and agents.
Upon notice to the Discloser, the Receiver may disclose Confidential Information
if required to do so under any federal, state, or local law, statute, rule or
regulation, subpoena or legal process.
5. Publicity. You grant us the right to add your name and company logo to our
customer list and website.
6. Indemnification. You will indemnify, defend and hold us harmless, at your
expense, against any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding (each, an
"Action") brought against us (and our officers, directors, employees, agents,
service providers, licensors, and affiliates) by a third party not affiliated
with us to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of (a)
unauthorized or illegal use of the Subscription Service by you, (b) your
noncompliance with or breach of this Agreement, (c) your use of Third-Party
Products, or (d) the unauthorized use of the Subscription Service by any other
person using your User information. We will: notify you in writing within thirty
(30) days of our becoming aware of any such claim; give you sole control of the
defense or settlement of such a claim; and provide you (at your expense) with
any and all information and assistance reasonably requested by you to handle the
defense or settlement of the claim. You shall not accept any settlement that (i)
imposes an obligation on us; (ii) requires us to make an admission; or (iii)
imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions
on us without our prior written consent.
7. Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability
a. Disclaimer of Warranties. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY,
TIMELINESS, SECURITY OR ACCURACY OF THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, DATA MADE
AVAILABLE FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, BLUEUTOPIA CONTENT, OR THE PROFESSIONAL
SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE. APPLICATION PROGRAMMING INTERFACES (APIs) MAY NOT BE
AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SUBSCRIPTION
SERVICE, BLUEUTOPIA CONTENT AND PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS"
WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH REGARD TO
THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE AND THE CONSULTING SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
b. No Indirect Damages. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER
PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES; PROVIDED
THAT, THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO YOU IF YOU ONLY USE THE FREE SERVICES.
c. Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR YOUR LIABILITY FOR PAYMENT OF FEES, YOUR
LIABILITY ARISING FROM YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 'INDEMNIFICATION' SECTION, AND
YOUR LIABILITY FOR VIOLATION OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IF,
NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER PARTY IS DETERMINED TO
HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT
THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF A PARTY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF FIVE
THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS OR THE TOTAL AMOUNTS YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE
TO A CLAIM; PROVIDED HOWEVER, THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO YOU IF YOU ONLY
USE THE FREE SERVICES, AND IN THIS CASE, IF WE ARE DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY
LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE FREE SERVICES,
THEN OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS.
d. Third Party Products. WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD-PARTY
PRODUCTS THAT YOU USE. OUR LICENSORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT.
e. Agreement to Liability Limit. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ABSENT YOUR
AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SUBSCRIPTION
SERVICE TO YOU.
8. Miscellaneous
a. Amendment; No Waiver. We may update and change any part or all of these
Customer Terms of Service, including the fees and charges associated with the
use of the Subscription Service (but, your fees and charges won't change during
the Subscription Term except as we explain in the 'Fees and Payments' section
above.) If we update or change these Customer Terms of Service, the updated
Customer Terms of Service will be posted at http://BlueUtopia.com/terms-of-service
and we will let you know via email or in-app notification. The updated Customer
Terms of Service will become effective and binding on the next business day
after it is posted. When we change these Customer Terms of Service, the "Last
Modified" date above will be updated to reflect the date of the most recent
version. We encourage you to review these Customer Terms of Service
periodically.
If you do not agree with a modification to the Customer Terms of Service, you
must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of
modification. If you give us this notice, your subscription will continue to be
governed by the terms and conditions of the Customer Terms of Service prior to
modification for the remainder of your current term. Upon renewal, the Customer
Terms of Service published by us on our website will apply.
No delay in exercising any right or remedy or failure to object will be a waiver
of such right or remedy or any other right or remedy. A waiver on one occasion
will not be a waiver of any right or remedy on any future occasion.
b. Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible for failure or delay of
performance if caused by: an act of war, hostility, or sabotage; act of God;
electrical, internet, or telecommunication outage that is not caused by the
obligated party; government restrictions; or other event outside the reasonable
control of the obligated party. Each party will use reasonable efforts to
mitigate the effect of a force majeure event.
c. Actions Permitted. Except for actions for nonpayment or breach of a party's
proprietary rights, no action, regardless of form, arising out of or relating to
this Agreement may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the
cause of action has accrued.
d. Relationship of the Parties. You and we agree that no joint venture,
partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between us.
e. Compliance with Laws. We will comply with all U.S. state and federal laws
(where applicable) in our provision of the Subscription Service, the
Professional Services and our processing of Customer Data. We reserve the right
at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law,
regulation, legal process or governmental request. You will comply with all laws
in your use of the Subscription Service and Consulting Services, including any
applicable export laws. You must comply with all applicable laws related to the
recording of phone calls and ensure all proper consent to record is obtained
prior to making any such recording. You will comply with the sanctions programs
administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S.
Department of the Treasury. You will not directly or indirectly export,
re-export, or transfer the Subscription Service or Professional Services to
prohibited countries or individuals or permit use of the Subscription Service or
Professional Services by prohibited countries or individuals.
f. Severability. If any part of this Agreement or an Order Form is determined to
be invalid or unenforceable by applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable
provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most
closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of this
Agreement will continue in effect.
g. Notices. Notice will be sent to the contact address set forth herein, and
will be deemed delivered as of the date of actual receipt.
To BlueUtopia, LLC., PO Box 446, Seattle, WA 98194.
To you: your address as provided in our BlueUtopia Subscription account
information for you. We may give electronic notices by general notice via the
Subscription Service and may give electronic notices specific to you by email to
your e-mail address(es) on record in our account information for you or through
the notifications center of the Subscription Service. We may give notice to you
by telephone calls to the telephone numbers on record in our account information
for you. You must keep all of your account information current.
h. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including each Order), along with our
Privacy Policy and AUP, is the entire agreement between us for the Subscription
Service and Professional Services and supersedes all other proposals and
agreements, whether electronic, oral or written, between us. We object to and
reject any additional or different terms proposed by you, including those
contained in your purchase order, acceptance or website. Our obligations are not
contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features of the
Subscription Service or dependent on any oral or written public comments made by
us regarding future functionality or features of the Subscription Service. We
might make versions of this Agreement available in languages other than English.
If we do, the English version of this Agreement will govern our relationship and
the translated version is provided for convenience only and will not be
interpreted to modify the English version of this Agreement.
i. Assignment. You will not assign or transfer this Agreement, including any
assignment or transfer by reason of merger, reorganization, sale of all or
substantially all of your assets, change of control or operation of law, without
our prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. We may
assign this Agreement to any affiliate or in the event of merger,
reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, change of
control or operation of law.
j. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied,
is intended to or shall confer upon any third party person or entity any right,
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
k. Contract for Services. This Agreement is a contract for the provision of
services and not a contract for the sale of goods. The provisions of the Uniform
Commercial Code (UCC), the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA),
or any substantially similar legislation as may be enacted, shall not apply to
this Agreement. If you are located outside of the territory of the United
States, the parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods shall not govern this Agreement or the rights
and obligations of the parties under this Agreement.
l. Authority. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that it is binding upon
such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms.
m. Survival. The following sections shall survive the expiration or termination
of this Agreement: 'Definitions', 'Fees and Payments', 'Prohibited and
Unauthorized Use', 'No Early Termination; No Refunds', 'Termination for Cause',
'Suspension for Prohibited Acts', 'Suspension for Non-Payment', 'Suspension for
Present Harm', 'Suspension and Termination of Free Services', 'Effect of
Termination or Expiration', 'Retrieval of Customer Data', 'Crowdsourced Data',
'Alpha/Beta Services', 'BlueUtopia's Proprietary Rights', 'Customer's
Proprietary Rights', 'Confidentiality', 'Publicity', 'Indemnification',
'Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability', 'Miscellaneous' and 'Contracting Entity
and Applicable Law'.