http://bluffparkumc.org/about/acs-realm-help/
Bluff Park United Methodist Churchfacebook
twitter
feed
Home
About Us
What is Methodism?
Calendar
History of Bluff Park United Methodist Church
Newsletter
Church Leadership
Staff
Contact
Realm Login
ACS Realm Help
Visitors
Church Photos
Directions
Map of Facilities
Worship
The Gathering at Bluff Park
Sermons Online
Current Sermons
Path to the Empty Tomb
Dysfunctional Families of the Old Testament
The Christmas Spirit
The Lord’s Prayer – What Does It Mean To Pray Like Jesus
Treasures of the Transformed Life
Community: Letters to the Church in Corinth
God Questions
Sermon Archive 2013
Sermon Archive 2012
Sanctuary
Special Worship Services
Ministries
Midweek Meetup
Common Tables
Adult Sunday School Classes
Canterbury
Cornerstone
Covenant
Faith
Fishermen
Footsteps
Friendship
Faith Builders
New Light
New Vision
Pathfinders
Promise Partners
Seekers
Vitality
Wesley Forum
Adult Ministry
Children’s Ministries
NURSERY AND CHILDREN’S CHURCH REGISTRATION PAGE
Children’s Ministry Zoom Meeting Request Form
Midweek For Kids
Little Imaginations Preschool
Bargains on the Bluff
Forms
Women’s Ministries
United Methodist Women
Men’s Ministries
Student Ministries
Silent Auction
DISCOVERY WEEKEND 2020
Weekly Events
Room 35226
Connect/Newsletter
Staff Page
Prayer Ministries
Model Prayers
Prayer Shawls, Etc.
Missions
Missions Home
Green Team Blog
Hands on Ministry
Pantry on the Bluff
Promise Home
Under the Bridge
United Methodist Women
Volunteers in Mission
Forms
Give
Donate Online
Online Donations Help
Livestreams
The Gathering
Traditional Worship
December 11, 2020You are here: Home / About Us / ACS Realm HelpACS Realm Help
Bluff Park United Methodist Church uses ACS Realm as our church managment system. Realm allows members to receive important church communications, search the member director, connect with groups and ministries that are important to them, manage online giving, and manage their own personal details and review their giving history among other benefits.
If you have not already done so, sign in to Realm. Here’s how:
Step 1 — Sign In
First-timers: Follow the instructions in the email we sent you and create a new password. (If you did not get an invitation email or need us to re-send the invitation, or if you have any difficulties, please contact Jason McCrory: jmccrory@bpumc.org.)
If you have already activated your account, sign in here: ACS Realm
Step 2 — Check your Profile
When you’ve successfully logged in, the News page will welcome you.
Look for your name in the upper right corner of the screen. There is a down-arrow next to it. Click that to reveal your account menu.
Click My Profile. Your contact information will be displayed.
To verify your personal info or to make changes, click Edit Profile.
You will notice a padlock icon next to each field that contains information. You can use that to manage the privacy of that info. “Everyone” means that it is visible in the directory. To change Privacy settings, see below.
When you are satisfied all your information is correct, scroll to the bottom of the screen and click Save.
To change the photo, simply click on it and choose New Profile Photo.
To manage privacy settings, click Manage Privacy.
You can choose what information appears in the Directory by selecting Everyone next to any item in your contact info. The effectiveness of Realm as a church directory depends on basic contact information being visible to other members.
“Everyone” means all church members, clergy affiliates, and staff (not “everyone” in the public sense. Realm is NOT a puplic system and membership is only available by invitation.)
Step 3 — Check your Giving info
In the left column, click “Giving.” Your giving information will be displayed.
There are several tasks you can manage on this page.
The Giving tab is pre-selected, showing the gifts you have made in the current year. If the online records don’t match yours, send an email to jmccrory@bpumc so that the discrepancy can be resolved.
To make a donation click + Give.
In the Current Pledges box on the right, you can view Past, Current, and Future pledges.
To make a New Pledge click + Pledge. Select the amount of your pledge, the frequency of your pledged contribution, and start and end dates of your pledge giving period. Realm will automatically calculate the total amount of your pledge. Finally, click Save Pledge.
Step 4 — Get the Realm App!
The new app is called Realm Connect. The app is listed in both the Google Play and Apple App Stores.
Here is the info on how to obtain it: www.acstechnologies.com/products/realm/features/connect-mobile-app
Open the app and sign in.
As with the Web portal, the first page that displays is News.
To find people, tap the magnifying glass in the upper right corner.
To view your Giving or to make a gift, tap the Giving icon at the bottom of your screen.
To manage your Profile, tap the More icon ( ••• ) at the bottom of your screen, then tap Profile.
Subscribe to Our YouTube Channel
Here’s What’s Coming Up…
December 12, 2020
Bluff Park Christmas Parade
Time: 9:00 am - 11:00 am
Location:
offsite
Children's Christmas Movie Night
Time: 3:00 pm - 6:00 pm
Location:
Chapel
December 13, 2020
Word and Table, an early Traditional Service with Holy Communion
Time: 8:00 am - 9:00 am
Location:
Sanctuary
The Gathering
Time: 9:00 am - 10:00 am
Location:
Chapel
Traditional In Person Worship Service
Time: 10:30 am - 11:30 am
Location:
Sanctuary
Traditional Worship Livestream
Time: 10:30 am - 11:30 am
BPUMC Christmas Drive Thru
Time: 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm
December 14, 2020
Missions Committee Meeting
Time: 6:00 pm - 6:30 pm
Location:
Zoom
December 15, 2020
Becky Walker Bible Study Zoom and In Person
Time: 9:30 am - 11:00 am
Location:
Cornerstone
Recent Posts
Jesus – The Bible in 10 Words
Sweat – The Bible in 10 Words
Afraid – The Bible in 10 Words
Naked – The Bible in 10 Words
Alone – The Bible in 10 Words
Bluff Park United Methodist Church
Newsletter
Keep up with the latest news about what's going on here at Bluff Park United Methodist … [Read More...]
Ministries
Here at Bluff Park UMC, we are a family of friends and a friend to the family.
That’s why we offer a host of ministries designed to meet the needs of every member of your family. … [READ MORE...]
About Us
Bluff Park United Methodist Church is an active congregation in the Bluff Park community. We have been, and continue to be, a congregation of the community—living out our faith … [READ MORE...]
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 BLUFF PARK UNITED METHODIST CHURCH · Log in