https://botti-law.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Serving chicagoland since 1970
The Botti Law Firm, P.C., conveniently located in Oak Brook and Wheaton, is a full service law firm that offers comprehensive legal representation to individuals, families, businesses and professionals from the Chicago area, including Cook, Kane, DuPage, Lake, Will and Kendall Counties, to the rest of the United States. Our experienced trial attorneys are dedicated to obtaining successful results for our clients, in both state and federal courts.
Nationally Awarded
LATEST BLOGS
How Dissipation Impacts Distribution of Marital Property
November 11, 2020 | Uncategorized
Marital property is property obtained during the marriage.  Although there are exceptions, this includes income earned, retirement benefits gained, and other pieces of property purchased, such as a house or stocks. When people divorce, the marital property must be distributed.  Illinois is a “Equitable Dissolution State”, meaning the marital property is not automatically divided 50/50.  […]
Grandparents’ Day Special: Fostering Relationships with Grandparents After Divorce
September 13, 2020 | Divorce,Parenting (Child Custody)
The first Sunday after Labor Day is Grandparents’ Day. It is a day to celebrate the important role grandparents play in a child’s life and to celebrate the connections between generations. Divorce brings a lot of changes. Maintaining a child’s relationship with his or her grandparents during and the after the divorce may provide some […]
Consequences of Waiting to File for Divorce
April 14, 2020 | Divorce,Maintenance (Alimony),Parenting (Child Custody),Property
Divorce is never easy. The whole process is long, daunting, expensive, and stressful. Once you have decided that your marriage is over, it may be hard to start the process (e.g. hiring an attorney, filing a Petition for Dissolution of Marriage). Most importantly, you have to be ready. While there are many personal factors that […]
Child Custody Issues Arising During Stay At Home Order
April 7, 2020 | Parenting (Child Custody)
The COVID-19  stay at home order imposed by Governor Pritzker specifically allows parents to leave their residences for court ordered child custody exchanges (also known as a parenting exchange). Therefore, the stay at home order, by itself, does not provide a basis for parents to disregard a court ordered parenting exchange. However, some parents are […]
Oak Brook, Illinois
1550 Spring Rd, 3rd Floor
Oak Brook, IL
60523