https://bouldershelter.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Boulder Shelter for the Homeless
COVID-19 | Volunteer Login  |  En Español  |  Contact
Get Help
Coordinated Entry
Frequently Asked Questions
Community Resources
Map and Directions
Volunteer
What You Need to Know
Volunteer Positions
Opportunities for Groups
Court Ordered Community Service
Children & Families
Ways to Give
Donate Funds
Adopt a Night
Monthly Giving
Donate Goods & Food
Other Ways to Give
Golf Tournament
Impact of Donations
About Us
Our Residents
Our Team
In the news…
Newsletters, Annual Reports, 990 & Audit
Our History and Green Building
Neighborhood Group
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Our Programs & Services
Coordinated Entry
Severe Weather Shelter
Housing-focused Shelter
Permanent Supportive Housing
Rapid Re-Housing Program
Boulder County Cares
Transitional Housing
Donate
Get Help Coordinated Entry Frequently Asked Questions Community Resources Map and DirectionsVolunteer What You Need to Know Volunteer Positions Opportunities for Groups Court Ordered Community Service Children & FamiliesWays to Give Donate Funds Adopt a Night Monthly Giving Donate Goods & Food Other Ways to Give Golf Tournament Impact of DonationsAbout Us Our Residents Our Team In the news… Newsletters, Annual Reports, 990 & Audit Our History and Green Building Neighborhood Group Employment Opportunities Contact UsOur Programs & Services Coordinated Entry Severe Weather Shelter Housing-focused Shelter Permanent Supportive Housing Rapid Re-Housing Program Boulder County Cares Transitional HousingDonate
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION. BY USING THIS WEBSITE YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE PRIVACY TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. THIS WEBSITE IS INTENDED FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES ONLY. We reserve the right to modify these privacy terms at any time, and such modifications are effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof, whether or not you reviewed the amendment, modification or change. You should periodically check these privacy terms and conditions for such amendments, modifications and changes. We will post a notice here when we make material amendments, modifications or changes to these terms.
I. COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is applicable to this website, www.bouldershelter.org, (the “Site”) and any and all websites that the Boulder Shelter for the Homeless (“Boulder Shelter,” “we” or “our”) may own and operate in the future. We respect the privacy of every individual who uses the Site and we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users’ personal information. Boulder Shelter for the Homeless will only process and use the data obtained through the Site for our own personal purposes. This Privacy Policy outlines the information we will collect and how we will use that information.
II. NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
When you access and use this Site, Boulder Shelter for the Homeless or our service providers may obtain non-personally identifiable data about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most-recently visited URL. We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily by, for example, requesting information from us or registering to use any limited access portions of the Site. The personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name, address and other such demographic information, telephone number, and e-mail address.
In some cases, we may collect non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to the frequency of your use of the Site, the route by which you choose to access the Site, and your use of any available hyperlinks. We and our service providers, agents or advisors may process and use this data for purposes including, but not limited to, planning Site development, assessing patterns of use, and/or to include you in e-mail or mailing lists so that we may send you information or updates and/or offer you services.
III. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
In general, we will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information was provided. We may store and process your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill any requests for information that you make of us, provide you access to “members only” portions of the Site, or to better understand your needs and to learn how to improve our Site offerings. We may also use your personally identifiable information to contact you. For example, we may respond to your e-mail inquiries, request more information from you regarding your e-mail inquiries, or send you a request to join our mailing list. We will not sell or rent your personal information to any third party not affiliated with Boulder Shelter for the Homeless without your express consent.
A. Disclosure to Service Providers
To enable us to more efficiently provide the products and services you have requested from us, we may share your personal information with selected third parties who are acting on our behalf as our agents, suppliers, or providers. Such third party service providers are provided only with such information as is necessary under the circumstances. Information provided to third parties is used only for the purposes stipulated, and those third parties are subject to confidentiality obligations. We may also enhance or merge personally identifiable information with data obtained from third parties for any of the foregoing purposes. No provision in this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to prohibit us from disclosing your identity or information if we are required to do so by law.
B. Contacting Us Regarding Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Site, and you would like to review, request changes or have that information deleted from our databases, please contact us by sending a letter to our Privacy Compliance Officer at Boulder Shelter for the Homeless, 4869 N. Broadway, Boulder, CO 80304. We will use reasonable efforts to change or remove your personally identifiable information from our files, unless we are entitled or required to retain it pursuant to other agreements or by law. We will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and/or correct any factual inaccuracies in this information. Notwithstanding the prior two sentences, if the laws in your state provide you with additional protections, or require us to comply with more stringent obligations to provide you with, remove, or correct your personally identifiable information, we will comply with such legal requirements.
IV. COOKIES
When you view our Site, we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie,” or similar file. Cookies are small text files that are either only used for the duration of a session (“session cookies”), or saved on a user’s hard drive in order to identify the user the next time he or she logs on to the Site (“persistent cookies”). We may use session cookies to identify registered users logging in to the Site. These cookies are deleted from the server soon after the session is complete and are not collected or saved. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent such an automatic acceptance. If you choose to disable cookies from your browser, you may not be able to access certain sections of the Site.
V. SECURITY
We strive to protect the privacy of the information you share with us, and to protect your personal information off-line. We have undertaken reasonable efforts to implement security measures designed to protect all data we collect against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, and alteration of the information. We utilize industry standard security measures available through your browser, ensuring a low probability that your information can be read as it travels over the Internet.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information that you submit to us via the Site. You submit such information at your own risk. We are not responsible for unauthorized access to information by hackers or others who have obtained such access through illegal means.
VI. OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links and pointers to other websites on the Internet that may be maintained by third parties. Such links are not controlled or endorsed by Boulder Shelter for the Homeless or its affiliates. Boulder Shelter for the Homeless and its affiliates are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the availability, accuracy, or currency of such third-party websites or any information, content, products or services accessible from such third-party websites. Once you exit the Site and enter another website, please be aware that those websites may have privacy policies that differ from the provisions provided herein. Boulder Shelter for the Homeless recommends that you review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of those websites prior to use. Boulder Shelter for the Homeless is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims, any and all liability related to actions of such linked websites, their terms and conditions and/or the content of such websites.
VII. TRANSFER OF BUSINESS ASSETS
As we continue to develop our business, we might acquire or buy other businesses or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired, both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable user and customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
VIII. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take reasonable action to correct any failures to comply with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at the Boulder Shelter for the Homeless, 4869 N. Broadway, Boulder, CO 80304.
Get in Touch
Boulder Shelter for the Homeless
4869 N. Broadway
Boulder, CO 80304
303-442-4646
Contact Us
Hours of Operation
Open daily: 5pm - 10am
Closed daily: 10am - 5pm (no services available)
Join our mailing list
Thanks for signing up!
Email Address
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting: Boulder Shelter, 4869 N. Broadway, Boulder, Colorado, 80304, United States,
permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.
(See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1999-2017 Boulder Shelter for the Homeless. All Rights Reserved.