https://boundarystone.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for Boundary Stone, LLC
Thank you for visiting the web site for Boundary Stone, LLC. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. Collection of InformationWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. We never store any credit card numbers. We use third parties (Stripe and Paypal to process credit cards). The information you provide is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. In order to post comments, you are required to submit your email address, but it will not be posted with your comments unless you specifically choose to do so.
Email AddressesYour email address is used to create and identify your account on boundarystone.org. Your email address is also used by Boundary Stone to correspond with you about orders you may have placed or to keep you updated with
website news and other information. We may also use your email address to notify you about important functionality changes to the web site. If you would rather not receive this information or would like to opt-out of receiving email of this kind, simply click on the “Unsubscribe” link that appears on the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions. Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site uses cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. Distribution of InformationWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes. Commitment to Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Your ConsentYou acknowledge that this Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy is part of the Terms of Service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to Boundary Stone’s Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below: By e-mail: admin@boundarystone.orgBy Phone: 205-305-5862
We reserve the right to make changes to our Terms of Service, including this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Last updated: April 27, 2020
PRODUCT CATEGORIESSubject
American Government
Economics
General Audience
Government/Economics Combo
U.S. History
Western Civilization
Type of Product
Course Bundles
Homeschool Co-op Products
Individual Textbooks
Mini-Courses
Online Courses
Teacher's Guides
Textbook + Teacher's Guide Bundles
Textbooks by the Case