https://bradshawsteele.com/privacy-policy/
(573) 334-0555
Disclaimer
The materials on this website are intended for informational purposes only. The materials on this website are not intended to be, nor should they be interpreted as legal advice or opinion. The reader should not consider this information to be an invitation to an attorney client relationship, should not rely on information presented here for any purpose, and should always seek the legal advice of counsel in the appropriate jurisdiction. Transmission and receipt of the information in this site and/or communication with the firm via email is not intended to solicit or create, and does not create, an attorney-client relationship between the firm and any person or entity.
Privacy Policy
The following is the legal and privacy policy of Bradshaw, Steele, Cochrane, Berens, & Billmeyer, hereinafter “the Firm.”
Bradshaw, Steele, Cochrane, Berens, & Billmeyer Respects Your Privacy.
The Firm is committed to privacy and confidentiality. This Privacy Policy describes information the Firm receives from inquiries received through the Firm’s website. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to our contact us page or by calling  (573) 334-0555.
Information About You
When you contact the Firm through this website, we ask you to provide information about your legal needs. In addition, we request that you provide such as your name, telephone, email address, and other additional information.
The information provided will be reviewed by the Firm for purposes of responding to your inquiry.
Any of the following personal information that may be made available to the lawyer or firm when browsing or navigating the site shall be kept confidential:
First and last name
Company, home, postal, or other physical address
Other contact information, for example, telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar information
Personal interests
Any other information provided by you in order for us to evaluate whether we are able to assist you
Examples of scenarios where our visitors provide their personal information include, but may not be limited to:
Emailing, calling, or communicating with the lawyer or law firm.
Posting a question or comment through the site.
Participating in an online survey.
Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list.
Any other business-related reason.
The lawyer or law firm provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. The lawyer or firm will inform you of the purpose for the collection and does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent.
It is the Firm’s policy to respect the privacy of its clients. YOU ARE NOT A CLIENT AND AN ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP DOES NOT EXIST JUST BY SUBMITTING AN INQUIRY UNTIL YOU ARE ENGAGED AND EXECUTE A FEE AGREEMENT WITH THE FIRM. Except as described above, under no circumstances will the Firm disclose information provided by you to any individual, advertiser, vendor, or any other entity without your written consent.
If you send correspondence to the Firm, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We may use the information in the file we maintain and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the website to assess problems or complaints.
Future Correspondence from the Firm
If you would like to opt out of receiving future correspondence from the firm, email [general email address] with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email.
Security
We take precautions internally to protect your information. While we make every effort to keep your data as secure as possible, when you submit information via the website, your information is sent through the Internet by unencrypted email, so the transmission of sensitive, confidential information through this website should be avoided.
IP Addresses & Domain Information Collection
The Firm may on occasion log IP addresses for systems administration purposes.
The lawyer or firm may collect domain information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which people visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. The lawyer or firm uses this information to improve its Web-based content. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic
Some pages on this site may use “cookies”—small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us.
Some parts of the site may also use cookies to track user traffic patterns. The lawyer or firm does this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Please note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your Web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Web site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other websites. The Firm is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it links.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The lawyer or firm reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.