https://bradleyroadchurch.com/more/privacy-notice/
Home >> More... >> Privacy Notice >>
This page refers to church members and other contacts (‘you’ and ‘your’).
The web site does not store or pass on information about users who visit it. See Cookie Policy.
How Bradley Road Evangelical Baptist Church (“we”) use your information
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
Data Controller
Bradley Road Evangelical Baptist Church is the data controller and responsible for your personal data.
Why do we collect and use your information?
We collect and use your information to contact you to send you our newsletter and other communications regarding our activities, to provide appropriate pastoral care, to monitor and assess the quality of our services, to fulfil our purposes as a church and to comply with the law. In legal terms this is called ‘legitimate interests’. When it is required, we may also ask you for your consent to process your data. We do not share your information with others except as described in this notice.
The categories of information that we may collect, hold and share include:
Personal information (such as name, telephone number, address and email address)
Characteristics (such as gender, ethnicity, language, nationality, country of birth)
Special categories of personal data (such as your religious beliefs)
In certain circumstances, other sensitive information will be retained, such as contractual and payroll details for employees, and financial information relating to direct donations and payments.
Storing your data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
We hold your data for varying lengths of time depending on the type of information in question but in doing so we always comply with Data Protection legislation. Details of retention periods are available in our retention policy available on request.
We will contact you annually to check that the information we are holding is accurate and that you agree to us holding it.
Security of your data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees or trustees who need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions.
Who do we share your information with?
We will not share your information with third parties without your consent unless the law requires us to do so.
Requesting access to your personal data
Under Data Protection legislation, you have the right to request access to information about you that we hold. To make a request for your personal information contact the Data Protection Compliance Manager.
You also have the right to:
object to processing of personal data that is likely to cause, or is causing, damage or distress
prevent processing for the purpose of direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means
in certain circumstances, have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and
claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the Data Protection regulations.
For further information on how your information is used, how we maintain the security of your information and your rights to access information we hold on you please contact the Data Protection Compliance Manager.
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance or directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
If you would like to discuss anything in this privacy notice, please contact the Data Protection Compliance Manager (via info@bradleyroadchurch.com or one of the church leaders).
Copyright © 2020 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you