https://bradleyangle.org/privacy/
Get Help
COVID-19 Resources
About Domestic Violence
Emergency Services
Our Programs
Training for Providers
Give Support
Donate
Donating Items
Volunteer
Stay Connected
From Our Blog
Stories of Strength
Events
Get to Know Us
Our Mission
Our Team
Our Board
Our Supporters
Job Openings
Contact
At Bradley Angle, your safety is our priority.
If you are experiencing domestic violence and are in need of urgent help, please call the Call to Safety at (503) 235-5333. If you are in life threatening danger please call 911.
We encourage you to learn about safe web browsing as your abuser may monitor your browsing history. To leave this site in a hurry click the
Leave this site button located in the lower right corner of your screen.
×
Privacy
We know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and we appreciate that you trust us to do so sensibly and carefully. By signing up for our mailing list or making a purchase or donation online, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Bottom Line
We only use your contact information for print or email communication. We never sell your information to a third party.
What Personal Information Do We Gather?
Information You. Give. Us. We receive and store any information you provide to us via our website or any other way. This includes signing up for our email list, purchasing an event ticket, submitting a volunteer application, or making a donation.
Our donation and eNews sign-up require users to give us information that may include your name, email address, and mailing address. Donor names are acknowledged in some reports. If you do not want your name shared email office@bradleyangle.org to let us know.
Email Communication
We send a monthly eNews with information about our programs and upcoming events. Occasionally we send eBlasts with special announcements to all or portions of our mailing list. If you’ve provided us with your postal address, you’ll also receive our year end appeal and possibly other very occasional mail. You may subscribe to our monthly eNews via our website at any time. You can also unsubscribe at any time.
Social Media and Comments
We use social networks such as Facebook and Twitter to engage our friends and supporters in important conversations, or let you know about upcoming events and happenings. We abide by the terms and conditions of these channels and reserve the right to use them for marketing purposes. Comments made on our Facebook page are reviewed at our discretion and we reserve the right to edit, moderate, and re-use comments for in-house promotional materials. Promotions and advertising are not permitted in this medium, nor is derogatory or hateful speech.
Changing practices and circumstances may require that we alter this privacy policy from time to time. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes will be reflected on our website.
If you have any questions or concerns contact office@bradleyangle.org.
Stories of Strength
It seemed so simple: a blind date, arranged by a friend. It led to a quick proposal by a seemingly upstanding businessman, then a picture-perfect wedding. I was proud of how we blended our families.
Continue Reading...
Leave this site