https://bridgebible.church/privacy-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentPrivacy PolicyUpdated 5/21/19
Your privacy is critically important to us.
The Bridge Bible Fellowship is located at:
The Bridge Bible Fellowship
18644 Sherman Way Reseda
91335 – CA , US
(818) 776-1500
It is The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com(hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, The Bridge Bible Fellowship collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s visitors use its website. From time to time, The Bridge Bible Fellowship may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
The Bridge Bible Fellowship also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com blog posts. The Bridge Bible Fellowship only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s websites choose to interact with The Bridge Bible Fellowship in ways that require The Bridge Bible Fellowship to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Bridge Bible Fellowship gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com to provide a username and email address.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The Bridge Bible Fellowship and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Bridge Bible Fellowship discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s behalf or to provide services available at The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Bridge Bible Fellowship will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The Bridge Bible Fellowship discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when The Bridge Bible Fellowship believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The Bridge Bible Fellowship, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com and have supplied your email address, The Bridge Bible Fellowship may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with The Bridge Bible Fellowship and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Bridge Bible Fellowship takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
The Bridge Bible Fellowship may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. The Bridge Bible Fellowship may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The Bridge Bible Fellowship does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, The Bridge Bible Fellowship uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Bridge Bible Fellowship uses cookies to help The Bridge Bible Fellowship identify and track visitors, their usage of https://thebridgebiblefellowship.com, and their website access preferences. The Bridge Bible Fellowship visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Bridge Bible Fellowship may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Bridge Bible Fellowship’s sole discretion. The Bridge Bible Fellowship encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via emailor phone.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.Ok