http://brinkleywalserstoner.com/disclaimer-privacy-notice/
Disclaimer and Privacy Notice
Disclaimer
The materials and documentation contained on this site are provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice. While we make every effort to keep the content on the site current, laws change rapidly and some content may be outdated. Browsing the Brinkley Walser Stoner, PLLC (Professional Limited Liability Company) website does not create an attorney-client relationship. Emailing the firm or completing an online website form does not create an attorney-client relationship; it should also be noted that emails are not considered confidential without this relationship. If you have any questions regarding the information found on this site or about your particular situation, please contact Brinkley Walser Stoner at 336-249-2101 and/or 10 LSB Plaza, Lexington, NC 27292 or consult your own lawyer for advice.
Historic photos on the site courtesy of Davidson County Historical Museum.
Privacy Statement
Effective Date: 1/5/15
This Privacy Statement describes how Brinkley Walser Stoner, PLLC (BW) collects, uses, and discloses certain personal information obtained through our public web sites at www.brinkleywalserstoner.com and www.brinkleywalser.com  (“Web Site”). This Privacy Statement does not address information collection through other sources such as in-person seminars or an attorney’s personal contacts.
Personal Information Collection and Use
In general, you can visit our Web Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we ask for personally identifiable information from you, such as your name, company, e-mail address, phone number, and address (“Personal Information”). We request this information in order to correspond with you, to provide you with a subscription to a newsletter or publication, to notify you about events, or otherwise to respond to your requests or provide you with information that we consider may be of interest to you. Where applicable, we will differentiate between personal data fields that are optional and those that are mandatory to obtain the requested information.
This website may use cookies to track your activity while on the site. The data is not tracked to a user level or utilized in any other manner. This information is captured for general reporting purposes only and so we can improve the website. You may disable cookies in your web browser, though doing so may impact how this and other sites are viewed.
If you receive a marketing e-mail from BWS, you will be provided with an automated way to opt out (unsubscribe) from that particular communication or from all marketing e-mails sent by our Firm. Please follow the instructions on the e-mail you received. If you have received unwanted e-mail from our Firm, please forward a copy of that e-mail to us with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Please note that if you reply to a BWS address in one of our marketing e-mails or otherwise send a communication to us, your communication will not create a lawyer-client relationship with us. Do not send us any information that you or anyone else considers to be confidential or secret unless we have first agreed to be your lawyers in that matter. Any information you send us before we agree to be your lawyers cannot be protected from disclosure.
Data Sharing
We may in limited circumstances share Personal Information with government authorities or others as required to protect the interests of the Firm or others, as necessary in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of the business, or as required by applicable law or court order. This Web Site is hosted on our web servers in the United States. If you are located in a non-US jurisdiction, your provision of Personal Information or other access to our Web Sites constitutes your transfer of such data to the United States, a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.
Security Measures
BWS maintains appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration. Due to the inherent nature of email communication, Brinkley Walser Stoner recommends you do not disclose information of a highly confidential or personal nature within your email, but instead make an appointment to speak to an attorney.
Links to Other Web Sites
The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement are for our Web Site only. Our Web Site may contain links to other sites. BWS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. If you link to or otherwise visit any other site, please review the privacy policies posted at that site.
Access and Correction
If you wish to access or update the Personal Information you submit through our Web Site, or to make any inquiries about the processing of such information, please contact us as described below. We provide individuals with access to their Personal Information where we believe appropriate, including in situations where you are entitled to access and review your Personal Information under applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Revisions to this Privacy Statement
BWS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check the Privacy Statement frequently and particularly before you submit additional personal information via the Web Site. All revisions to this Privacy Statement will be posted on the Web Site via a link from the homepage. We also display the effective date of the Privacy Statement on the top of this page.
Questions or Comments
For questions or comments about our Privacy Statement, or if you need assistance accessing or updating information we have collected about you, please contact:
Karen Greene
10 LSB Plaza
Lexington NC 27292
Phone: 336-249-2101
Should you have any questions about this disclaimer or our privacy practices, please call our office at 336-249-2101, email us, or send a letter to Brinkley Walser Stoner, PLLC, 10 LSB Plaza, Lexington, NC 27292.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Workers’ Compensation Guide
Estate Planning: Digital Media and Assets
“A Home Away from Home” for the Davidson Community
Unplanned Disability & Guardianships
September Update 2020
Categories
Auto Accidents
Business Law
Civil Litigation
Criminal Law
Elder Law
Employment Law
Estate Planning
Family Law
HOA Law
Just Great Info
News
Probate
Real Estate Law
Reverse Mortgages
Social Security
Special Needs Law
Traffic & DWI
Uncategorized
Workers' Compensation
Wrongful Death
Our office is open and operating with regular hours. Precautions are being taken to keep our clients and employees safe and prevent the spread of COVID-19.
We are still conducting most matters by phone or video conference. If you do come into the office, we request you wear a face covering for safety. Thank you!