http://brixtonbuddhistmeditation.org/principles-and-policies
Skip to content
Principles & Policies
Principles & Policies
We operate on guidelines based on the Buddha’s five ethical precepts – widely known throughout the Buddhist world. These precepts can be applied to all areas of human behaviour, and guide the actions of members of the Triratna Buddhist Order, and other experienced members of the Triratna community at Brixton Buddhist Centre.It is important to note that these ethical precepts represent intentions or principles, not rules or commandments. Buddhism recognises that we can always be more ethical and more skilful in our behaviour, so ethical practice is a lifelong one of noticing where our behaviour falls short, and striving to improve it further. The five basic principles are:1. Minimisation of harm – whether physical, psychological, emotional or environmental.2. Generosity – freely giving of time, energy and resources, including running many of our classes on a donations basis.3. Cultivating contentment – both in relation to possessions and in our personal and/or sexual relationships, where we aspire to act with awareness and kindness at all times.4. Communicating truthfully – in all our communications either written or spoken.5. Mindfulness – engaging with our practices and with each other with as much mindfulness as possible. In public situations we also have a broader duty of care to those coming along to our classes. Brixton Buddhist Centre, in addition to these principles, has various safeguarding policies in place to ensure that people are treated fairly and with care. These will put made available online shortly. However, in the meantime you may request a copy of these by emailing us at info@brixtonbuddhistmeditation.org
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can opt-out in cookie settings. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.