http://brixtonbuddhistmeditation.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice tells you how we will use and store the information you give us when you book a course or event with Brixton Buddhist Centre or choose to join one of our mailing lists. Please note: The wording in this document reflects the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into effect in the UK on 25 May 2018.
Data Controller: Triratna Buddhist Community Brixton
PrivacyBrixton Buddhist Centre collects and processes personal data relating to individuals accessing their services in order to manage the relationship between the Buddhist Centre and the individual. The Centre is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations.The Centre takes the issue of your privacy seriously. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy that are not addressed here, please contact us at info@brixtonbuddhistmeditation.org
What information does Brixton Buddhist Centre collect?
Brixton Buddhist Centre collects and processes a range of information about you when you access our services. This information may be collected in a number of ways. For example, data might be collected in person, via email or via the Centre website when you book on an event or course, or request to receive publicity and information from us.
Data may be stored in a range of different places, including:
On virtual database and secure backup disks,
In paper folders,
In financial records,
On other IT systems (including Brixton Buddhist Centre’s website database, email system, Gmail account and Mailchimp database)
This data may include:
Name, address, contact details, including email address, phone number, emergency contact details.
Information about events booked
Gender, Triratna status (attendee, Mitra, GFR, order member, including significant dates), Order name
Gift aid preferences, Donation information
Mailing and marketing preferences.
Centre websites also collect information about your use of our website including IP address, how much time you spend on the site and what you like to view from general visitors to the site. This data is used solely to manage the website, track usage and improve our website services. This information does not identify the user personally and may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services, for example with google analytics
Why does Brixton Buddhist Centre process personal data?
Brixton Buddhist Centre has a legitimate interest in processing personal data before, during and after you use our services. Processing data from individuals who use the Centre and our services allows us to:
Manage the booking process;
Make future bookings quicker and easier to make and to process;
Inform you of changes to courses or events and send out course materials;
Manage payments and donations;
Claim gift aid where relevant;
Contact relevant groups about events and other communications (e.g. contacting Mitras about upcoming Mitra events), including requests for support or donations;
Manage booking reservations
Manage your marketing and unsubscribe preferences
Contact you about other courses or events that you may be interested in
Brixton Buddhist Centre may process special categories of data, such as gender information due to some single sex activities.
We may use your email address to send you information regarding our classes, offers and events. However, we will only do so if you have given us your permission. If you change your mind at a later date simply click on the word ‘Unsubscribe’ on the relevant email newsletter.
Brixton Buddhist Centre will not use your data for any purposes other than those stated in this policy.
Who has access to data?
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the running the Centre and Centre activities. This includes, when appropriate, event organisers and teachers, the Centre team, Mitra convenors, the Chair and council and volunteers if necessary for performance of their roles.
Brixton Buddhist Centre will only share your data with third parties in the following cases
MailChimp where subscribed to one or more of our mailing lists,
Gmail – where you have requested to be contacted about centre activities
Our accountant
Paypal where payments have been made via online bookings.
Eventibrite for debit and credit card transactions
NB: legally, Triratna charities are viewed as a single body, therefore information shared e.g. as part of ordination training, is not considered access to third parties.
The server that hosts Brixton Buddhist Centre website and email, and the Mailchimp and Google Mail servers are situated in the United States, so your data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area in these cases. These hosts adhere to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks which comply with General Data Protection Requirements.
MailChimp may process your data in the following ways: collecting data such as via sign-up forms; storage of personal data within our MailChimp account in order to allow us to create and use distribution lists, send marketing email campaigns, and place online advertisements; and the transfer of personal data to certain of MailChimp’s sub-processors who perform some critical services, such as helping MailChimp prevent abuse and providing support to customers.
Brixton Buddhist Centre will never sell or trade your personal data or disclose your personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary to conform to legal requirements, to protect our rights, to protect the safety of members of the public or those attending Brixton Buddhist Centre, or for data processing purposes as stated above relating to website and email hosting.
How does Brixton Buddhist Centre protect data?
Brixton Buddhist Centre takes the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except as described above.  Access to Centre databases is restricted to the Buddhist Centre team, Mitra convenors, teachers / course leaders, relevant volunteers, the Chair and Council members where necessary. All Employees and Volunteers are made aware of the Buddhist Centre Data Protection Procedure, and given relevant training on Data Protection.
Brixton Buddhist Centre website contains links to other Triratna websites which you may find useful or of interest. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, the user should satisfy themselves as to the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on our site.
For how long does the organisation keep data?
Brixton Buddhist Centre will hold your personal data for the duration of your use of our services, until you ask us to remove you from our systems or withdraw your consent. Once you withdraw your consent or ask to be removed from our system, your data is deleted or destroyed. We are legally obliged to store charity financial information securely for 6 years.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request; (procedure available from reception)
Require the organisation to change incorrect or incomplete data;
Require the organisation to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
Object to the processing of your data where the organisation is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Brixton Buddhist Centre Team.
If you believe that Brixton Buddhist Centre has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
What if you do not provide personal data?
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to the organisation during your use of our services. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your bookings or marketing preferences properly or at all.
Certain information, such as contact details and information requested for bookings, and mailing lists, have to be provided to enable Brixton Buddhist Centre to provide you with access to our services. If you do not provide some of this information, it may hinder Brixton Buddhist Centre’s ability to provide you with our services and to enter into a relationship with you.
Automated decision-making
Our data processes are not based on automated decision-making.
Cookies
We may collect information about the software on your computer (your browser version etc.) and your IP address (your connection with the internet) to improve your interaction with the Website and for our records. This may happen automatically without your being aware of it.We may use cookies (small text files which we and other website operators store on your computer when you visit our websites) to deliver a better and more personalised interaction. They enable us to recognise you when you return to the Website, store information about your preferences, and improve the way your searches are processed. They also enable us to generate statistics about the number of visitors we have and how they use the Website and the internet. You can set your browser to reject our cookies if you wish (you should consult your browser help section for details), but this might restrict your use of the website and other websites.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can opt-out in cookie settings. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.