http://brownrudnick.com/news_post/ilbf-celebrates-15-years-of-promoting-access-to-justice-and-legal-education/
Cookie Notification
We use cookies on our website. Please click the 'Read More' link below to view our Cookie Policy, how we use them on our site and how to change your cookie settings. By continuing to use this site you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about cookies on this website, see our Read more ...
Accept cookie
Asset 3
About
People
Experience
Insights
Careers
Public Interest
COVID-19 Impact Hub
Asset 1
Contact us
Asset 2
Locations
×
Search People
Search by last name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
see all people
Asset 3
BACK TO FIRM NEWS
ILBF Celebrates 15 Years of Promoting Access to Justice and Legal Education
PUBLISHED ON: 09/09/2020
We are delighted to share with you the International Law Book Facility's (ILBF) anniversary film celebrating 15 years of supporting access to justice for all. Their mission is to support the rule of law and access to justice across the world through sharing legal knowledge. Since 2005, they have delivered 65,000 legal textbooks donated by the UK legal community to more than 190 organizations in 53 countries across six continents.
In the film you will hear from organisations in the DRC, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and Zimbabwe who have recently received law books and why they make a difference. Given the Covid-19 pandemic ILBF supporters and trustees used their ingenuity to make the film on mobile phones and all other production was by volunteers.
This anniversary is a great milestone that celebrates the passion and commitment of all of the ILBF's partners and supporters across the legal profession to provide the global legal community with precious resources. London Litigation Partner Jane Colston is an active Trustee of the ILBF and works with the ILBF team to sustain ILBF’s mission.
Watch the film here:
For more information about the ILBF please see www.ilbf.org.uk.
If you wish to help the ILBF continue their work to support access to justice for all please contact the ILBF or Jane Colston.
FOR QUESTIONS OR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT:
Jane
Colston
P: +44.20.7851.6059
F: +44.20.7851.6100
jcolston@brownrudnick.com
Notice
You understand and agree that transmitting information to Brown Rudnick by e-mail does not establish an attorney-client relationship. By clicking the "Agree" link below, you acknowledge that (i) Brown Rudnick has no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information you submit to Brown Rudnick unless Brown Rudnick already represents you or Brown Rudnick later agrees to represent you; thus, if you are not a client, information you submit to Brown Rudnick by e-mail may be disclosed to others and (ii) you have read and understand the Brown Rudnick Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
If you would like to discuss becoming a client, please contact one of Brown Rudnick's attorneys to arrange for a meeting or telephone conference. Thank you for your interest in Brown Rudnick.
agree
disagree