https://brownwinick.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
BrownWinick Law Firm (“We”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.brownwinick.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintain, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website; and
In electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including phone calls or e-mail; or
Any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information“) if you voluntarily provide that information;
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as demographic or biographical information that you voluntary provide to us; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting further services. Please note that we do not request or require you to provide any personally identifiable information or personal health information via our website. To the extent that you wish to provide such information, we strongly suggest you contact us via phone or schedule an appointment in our offices.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Please see below for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect automatically does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: cookies (or browser cookies), flash cookies, or web beacons.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of BrownWinick Law Firm, our employees, our clients, or others.
Your Data Choices
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
You may also request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
This web page is not recommended for sending us private information. Do not send us private health information, including medical diagnosis, treatment or conditions. Do not send us bank, credit, or other private financial information through this web page. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Updates to Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is February 11, 2020. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us:
BrownWinick Law Firm
666 Grand Ave. Suite 2000
Des Moines, Iowa 50309
515-242-2400
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.I AcceptPrivacy policy