https://burmacampaign.org.uk/footer/cookie-policy/
Home
About Burma
2007 Uprising in Burma
A biography of Aung San Suu Kyi
Aung San Suu Kyi
Cyclone Nargis
Ethnic Groups
Fake 2010 Elections
Human Rights
Targeted Sanctions
Burma Sanctions
The Karen
The Real Disaster in Burma
Tourism in Burma
About Us
Contact Us
Sign up to our Action Network
Thank you for getting in touch
archive
Test
Campaign News
Campaign News on Facebook
Campaign success!
CAMPAIGN SUCCESS!
Campaigns
Actions: Drop the Charges against Andy Hall
Adani Group
Adoniss/Mayar India
Aid to Burma
Alcazar Capital Ltd
Allseas Marine S.A.
Alphabet/Google
Apple
Arms Embargo
Armscor International
Asia-Africa-Europe-1
Asian Identity
Aviation Industry Corporation of China
Bharat Dynamics Limited
British Policy on Burma
Capital Ship Management Corporation
Carsten Rehder
China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation
China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp
China Communications Construction Company Limited (CCCC)/China Road and Bridge Company
China General Technology (Group) Holding Ltd/China National Technical Import and Export Corporation (CNTIC)
China National Aero-Technology Import & Export Corporation
China National Heavy Machinery
China North Industries Group Corporation (Norinco)/Wanbao Mining
China Poly Group Corporation
China Southern Power Grid Co
China State Construction Engineering Corporation
China Three Gorges Development Corporation (CTG)
Cloudflare
Coda Pay
Crimes against Humanity
Crisis in Kachin State
Dirty List
Eastern Mediterranean Maritime Ltd
edotco Group
Électricité de France (EDF)
Electricity Generation Authority of Thailand
Eurobulk
Evergreen Group
Excellence Metal Casting
Express Financial Ventures
Facebook
Fayat Group/Razel-Bec
FGAS Petrol JSC
Free Political Prisoners
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Aung Kyi Myint
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Dr Aye Maung
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Kay Khine Tun
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Kyaw Thiha Ye Kyaw and Soe Hla Naing
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Kyaw Win Thant
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Kyaw Ye Thu and Htet Aung
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Min Naing and Chit Min
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Moe Linn
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Naing Tun Aung
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Nay Myo Zin
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Nyein Maung, Kyaw Htay, Kyaw Khin, Pyone Sein, Than Lone, Ko Swe, Kan Myint and Moe Kyaw
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Nyi Nyi Min Htet, Aung Khaing Min, Thet Maung Maung, Hla Htun Aung and Thuta Nyi Nyi
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Paing Phyo Min
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Paing Ye Thu
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Saw Kyaw Naing Win and Lay Naing
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Thein Aung Myat
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Wai Hin Aung
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Ye Ko Naing
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Ye Yint Aung
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Zaw Lin Htut
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Political Prisoners – Zayar Lwin
Foreign Office response on Political Prisoners December 2013
Free Brang Yung
Journalists jailed for seeking to expose massacre of Rohingya villagers
Repressive Laws
Section 66 (d) of the Telecommunications Law
Thein Sein Lied! Political Prisoners are Still in Jail
Unlawful Associations Act (1908)
Will you wear a blue shirt for Burma’s political prisoners on 21 April?
Fukken
Global Airfreight International PTE PTD
GMS Power Public Company Limited
Grab
Groupe Grimaud/Novogen
Gruner/Stucky SA
Hanergy Group Holdings Limited
Harren & Partner
Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd
Hindustan Shipyard Limited
HR Wallingford
Huawei
HyalRoute
Idemia
Infinity Global Solutions (IGS)
Infosys
Interasia Lines HK Ltd
INTERSCAN Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH
Investment and Trade in Burma
Iseaco Investment PTE Ltd
Italian Thai Development Public Company LTD
Japan Credit Bureau
Kirin
KNDS/Nexter Group
Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation
Korean Air
Larsen & Toubro
LNG Plus International Company Ltd
M1 Group
Maersk
Malcom Dunstan and Associates
Malyeshev Plant
Marubeni
MDX/Great Mekong Sub-region Company
Mediterranean Shipping Company
MESNAC
MPC Capital
Multiconsult
Myanmar Pongpipat/Saidang Company/Heinda Tin Mine
Nexttech/Fastgo
Norse Group
OCK Group
Osaka Asahi Group
Oxford Business Group
Pacific International Lines
Pan-Pacific
Persecution of the Rohingya
Actions: Crisis in Arakan State – Write to The Foreign Secretary
Persecution of the Rohingya – More information
Support for an international investigation into human rights violations in Rakhine State
Portia Management Services
Posco
Rojana Industrial Park Public Company Ltd
Rostec
Royal Agricultural Society of Victoria/Australian International Beer Awards
Satake Group
SCG
Shangri-La Hotels Hotels and Resorts
Siam Pattana Maritime Co Ltd
Sinohydro Corporation
SN Power
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift)
Stand with the women of Burma to end rape and sexual violence
State Power Investment Corporation
STE Global Trading Pte
Stop Rape and Sexual Violence in Burma
Action: Stop Rape in Burma
Actions: Stop Rape and Sexual Violence in Burma
Tactical Missile Weapons Corporation (KTRV)
Tata Group/Tata Sons
Test new template
Thank You
The Boycott List
The Brewing, Food & Beverage Industry Suppliers Association/International Brewing Awards
Tide Line Inc
Tokiwa Corporation Ltd
Toshiba
TPG Capital
Transworld Group Singapore
Tristate Holdings Ltd
United Aircraft Corporation (UAC)
Viettel
Vinh Son Trading and Transport
Voltalia
Western Union
Wuxi Huaguang Electric Power Engineering Co., Ltd.
Yatai Group
YEIG International Co
Zhejiang Orient Engineering Co Ltd
Companies Removed from the Dirty List
Engie/Tractebel/Lahmeyer
FCO Letter June 2014
Footer
Cookie Policy
Image License
Privacy Policy
Fundraise for Burma
Image License
Letter Writing Guide – Rape and Sexual Violence in Conflict
Letter Writing Guide – The Plight of the Rohingya
News
Blog
Burma Briefing
Events
Reports
Newtec
Promo Boxes
Resources
Burma VJ DVD
Links
The UN Human Rights Special Rapporteur
– reports to UN General Assembly
The UN Human Rights Special Rapporteur – reports to UN Human Rights Council
Think It’s OK in Burma?
UN Documents on Burma
Independent Inquiry into the Involvement of the United Nations in Myanmar from 2010 To 2018
Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar
UN Human Rights Council Resolutions on Burma
UN Security Council Statements on Burma
UN General Assembly Resolutions on Burma
UN Secretary General’s Reports to the UN General Assembly
UN Security Council
Videos
Videos test
Search
Sitemap
Survey 2016
Test
Test content
News – 3
News – 4
News – 5
News – 6
Thank you for taking action
The position of the National League for Democracy regarding the boat people
VISA
Action – Free Brang Yung
Free Dr Tun Aung
Free Lahpai Gam
Free Mading Zau Bawk
Free Myint Soe
Amazon Kindle
Aung San Suu Kyi
Books
Burma’s Plea
Burmese Girls
Films
Little Daughter
Music & Audio
Summer Reading
The Lady And The Peacock: The Life of Aung San Suu Kyi
The Silent Screams From Myanmar
Andy Hall – facing jail for defending migrant workers’ rights
Donate by PayPal
F for film
Failed Donation
Find out more about any Burma Campaign UK event
Freedom Shop
Fundraising for Burma
Leave a gift in your Will
Shop and Earn for Burma Campaign UK!
Sponsored Events
Support us
Talk For Freedom
Thank you for helping Andy Hall
Khin Mi Mi Khaing and Myint Myint Aye
Thank You
Unsubscribe
Cookie Policy
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that websites save to your computer. We use cookies to help us keep track of your visit to the website. This helps us to make your visit to burmacampaign.org.uk better and more personalised. They cannot be used to identify you personally, we do not store any personally identifiable information in cookies. We collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. These are numbers that enable two computers to communicate with each other over the Internet. We use IP addresses for the system administration of our website and to gather broad demographic information, such as how many visitors burmacampaign.org.uk has had from various locations.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
• enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task.
• measuring how many people are accessing our web site, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast.
• by doing above steps, you can access our web site easier and faster.
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them, including how to block them or delete them, at: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
How to control and delete cookies
Burma Campaign UK will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you do not want cookies which are set by the Burma Campaign UK website, you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit http://www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.
Please be aware that deleting cookies may affect on the functionality of Burma Campaign UK website.
If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it. You’ll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone, you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Third Party Cookies
Burma Campaign UK uses a number of suppliers who set cookies on its websites on its behalf.
Cookies set for embedded social web content
To support our information provision and engagement, we sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. Burma Campaign UK does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
Burma Campaign UK website also carries embedded ‘share’ buttons to enable users of the site to easily share articles with their peers through a number of popular social networks, for example Facebook. These sites may set a cookie when you are also logged in to or otherwise using their service. Burma Campaign UK does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about these.
Cookies set for web analytics
These include:
SERVICE COOKIE NAME
google analytics _atuvc
google analytics _utmd
google analytics exp_mode
google analytics exp_last_visit
google analytics exp_last_activity
google analytics exp_expiration
google analytics exp_uniqueid
google analytics exp_userhash
google analytics exp_anon
google analytics exp_perpage
google analytics exp_sessionid
google analytics exp_tracker
google analytics _utma
google analytics _utmb
google analytics _utmc
google analytics _utmz
Google Analytics
Burma Campaign UK uses Google Analytics; a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate a visitor’s use of the Burma Campaign UK website.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using Burma Campaign UK sites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For more information on the cookies set by Google Analytics, including information on how to opt out please go to: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
About Us
Burma Campaign UK works for human rights, democracy and development in Burma.
Burma Campaign UK is one of the leading Burma campaign organisations in the world.
We play a leading role in raising awareness about the situation in Burma, and pressuring the international community to take action in support of the people of Burma.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue to use our site as normal if you're happy with this, or click 'Read more' to find out how to manage cookies.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled