https://butsudan.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
WHO WE ARE
Our website address is: https://butsudan.com.
CONTENT
BY USING THE SITE OR SUBMITTING
PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITE, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION,
USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY
POLICY.
This privacy policy (“Privacy
Policy”) applies to the websites that post this Privacy Policy, including,
without limitation, www.Butsudan.com (however accessed and/or
used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise), which are
owned and operated by Choyo Inc. (“PR Morning Sun” or “we,” “our,” or
“us”).  This Privacy Policy also applies
to widgets, applications, interactive features and/or downloads that are owned
or operated by Choyo Inc and available through the Sites, or that post a link
to this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy
Policy covers the information collected at the Sites and does not cover any
information collected at any other web site or offline by Choyo Inc. (unless
specifically stated).
We want you to enjoy your experience on the Site, so it’s important for you to understand our practices for information we collect about you from the Site, including the types of information we collect regarding visitors to the Site and how we may use that information.  This Privacy Policy explains these practices.  Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.  In addition, please review the Sites’ Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Site.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We may ask that you provide us, or
otherwise give you the opportunity to provide us, with certain categories of
information, such as (1) personally identifiable information (i.e., information
that can reasonably be used to identify you personally, or information
associated with the foregoing) such as your name, email address, birth date,
credit card number, and physical address (any of the foregoing, “Personal
Information”); and (2) demographic information, such as gender, zip code, or
similar information (“Demographic Information”).  We may collect this information through
various forms and in various places on the Sites, including account
registration forms if you maintain a “wish list,” sweepstakes and contest entry
forms, email newsletter sign-ups, or when you submit information, communicate
or otherwise interact with us.  We do not
consider Demographic Information about you to be Personal Information unless it
is associated with Personal Information so as to permit identification of
you.  If we combine Demographic
Information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat it as
Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT VIA TECHNOLOGY
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
In addition to any Personal
Information or other information that you choose to submit to the Site, we and
our third-party service providers may use a variety of now and later developed
methods or technologies that automatically or passively collect certain
information whenever you visit or interact with the Site (“Usage
Information”).  This Usage Information
may include the browser you are using, the URL that referred you to our Site,
all the areas within our Site that you visit, and the time of day, among other
information.  We may use Usage
Information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise
improve the Site and your interaction with it.
In addition, we collect your IP address or other unique identifiers
(“Device Identifier”) for your computer or other devices used to access the
Site (any, a “Device”).  A Device
Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to
access the Site, and our computers identify your Device by its Device
Identifier.  Whenever we associate Usage
Information or a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will
treat it as Personal Information.
A few of the methods and
technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include the
following:
Cookies.  A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when
it is used to visit the Site.  A Flash
cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be
built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may
be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and
your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages.  If you choose to disable cookies or Flash
cookies on your Device, some features of the Site may not function properly.
Web Beacons.  Small graphic images or other web programming
code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be
included in our web pages and email messages.
Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other
web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web
beacon.  Web beacons or similar
technologies may be used for several purposes, including, without limitation,
to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to count
how many emails that were sent were opened or to count how many articles or
links were viewed.
Embedded Scripts.  An embedded script is programming code that
is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such
as the links you click on.  The code is
temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third-party
service provider is active only while you are connected to the Site and is
deactivated or deleted thereafter.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
We may from time to time supplement
the information we collect about you online with information from other
sources, such as information validating your address or information you
provided to us through one of our retail stores, including, without limitation,
in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and
to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may
be of interest to you. Thus, information we obtain may be intermingled with and
used in conjunction with information obtained through other sources, including
both offline and online sources.  In
those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information
received, unless we have stated otherwise.
You may also choose to participate
in a third-party application (such as one of our Facebook applications or a
similar application on a third-party web site) through which you allow us to
collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal
Information.  The third party may allow
you to remove the application, in which case we will no longer collect
information about you through the application, but we may retain the
information previously collected.  In
addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party
web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their
“friends” or information about you is otherwise accessible through
your friend’s web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or
other third-party web site or interactive service.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ABOUT A THIRD PARTY
If you send someone else a
communication from the Site, such as sending an article to a friend or
information about Products, we use the information you provide (typically,
names and email addresses) to facilitate the communication and we do not use it
for any other marketing purpose, unless we obtain consent from that person.
USE OF INFORMATION
Choyo Inc. may use your Personal
Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information: (1) to provide you
with products, information or services or process transactions that you have
requested or agreed to receive, including to send you electronic newsletters,
or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us
or third parties; (2) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Site’s
features such as online user-generated content functions, and interactive
features; (3) to process your registration with the Site, including verifying
your email address is active and valid; (4) to improve the Site or our
services, to customize your experience on the Site, or to serve you specific
content that is most relevant to you; (5) to contact you with regard to your
use of the Site and, in our discretion, changes to the Site and/or Site’s
policies; (6) for internal business purposes; and (7) for purposes disclosed at
the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy
Policy.
Further, we may use third-party
analytics and other service providers to evaluate and provide us with
information about the use of the Site and viewing of our content.  We do not share Personal Information with
these analytics service providers, but they may set and access their own
tracking technologies and methods such as cookies, web beacons and embedded
scripts on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to
information about you, including Usage Information.   This Privacy Policy does not govern such third-party
tracking technologies but does govern our collection and use of your Usage
Information we receive in connection therewith.
Please note that when you
submit information to the Site via a “contact us” or other similar function,
you may not always receive a response.
We will not use the information provided to contact you for marketing
purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Choyo Inc. may share Usage
Information and Demographic Information with third parties.  Except as set forth in Section (f) below, we
do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third
parties’ marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing at the time you
provide your Personal Information.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we may share the
information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, as
disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or
otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
(a) When You Agree To Receive
Information From Third Parties.  You may
be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers
directly from third parties.  If you do
agree (or, as applicable, do not decline) to have your Personal Information
shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and
all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and
practices of such third parties.  We are
not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties
and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such
third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from third
parties.  If you later decide that you no
longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to
contact that third party directly.
(b) Third Parties Providing
Services on Our Behalf.  We may use
third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of the Site, such as
hosting the Site, designing and/or operating the Site’s features, tracking Site
analytics, enabling you to purchase Products and enabling Choyo Inc. to send
you email newsletters or performing other administrative services.  We may provide these companies with access to
user information, including Personal Information, to carry out the services
they are performing for you or for Choyo Inc.
(e) Administrative and Legal Reasons. We may
transfer and disclose your information, including Personal Information, to
third parties: (i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or
other legal processes or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is
required by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an
investigation; (iii) to protect and/or defend the Site’s Terms of Use or other policies
applicable to the Site; or (iv) to protect the personal safety, rights,
property or security of any individual.
We may also use IP address or other Device Identifiers to identify users
and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers,
wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.  Such disclosures may be carried out without
notice to you.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may contact you for
service-related purposes (such as, but not limited to, notice that we have
changed the Site or the Privacy Policy) when we believe it necessary or
advisable to do so. You may not opt out of these communications, which are not
promotional in nature, but if you do not wish to receive these announcements,
you have the option to terminate your account. You understand that any such
termination of your account may involve deletion of your Personal Information
from our live databases.  Choyo Inc. will
not have any liability to you for any termination of your account or related
deletion of your information.
When you receive promotional emails
from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving such communications
from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following
the instructions in the applicable email.  WI f we contact you by telephone for
promotional purposes, you may notify us at that time if you do not wish to
receive further promotional telephone communications. Note that if you’ve
provided multiple forms of contact information at different times, you may have
to opt out for each set of contact information that you have added to your
account. If you don’t want to reply to an e-mail or text message you receive or
want a simpler way to opt out of receiving e-mails or text messages from us,
you can just tell us what you want by contacting:
We may contact you for
service-related purposes (such as, but not limited to, notice that we have
changed the Site or the Privacy Policy) when we believe it necessary or
advisable to do so. You may not opt out of these communications, which are not
promotional in nature, but if you do not wish to receive these announcements,
you have the option to terminate your account. You understand that any such
termination of your account may involve deletion of your Personal Information
from our live databases.  Choyo Inc. will
not have any liability to you for any termination of your account or related
deletion of your information.
You are responsible for maintaining
the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact
information provided as part of registration.
The Site may allow you to review, correct, change or update certain
Personal Information in your account by logging into your account and editing
it, provided that it remains accurate, complete, and up to date. Choyo Inc.
will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active
databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may request that we delete or
destroy your Personal Information. We will make good faith efforts to delete or
destroy any Personal Information that we have collected about you, solely to
the extent permitted by law.  When we
delete electronic information that we have collected from or about you, it will
be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives.
INFORMATION I DISCLOSE PUBLICLY
(a) User Generated Content, Social
Networking, and Public Information.  The
Site may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings,
music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions,
comments, suggestions, communications, or other content, including Personal
Information (collectively, “User Generated Content”).  User Generated Content may be published
online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter
developed).  Others may have access to
this User Generated Content and may have the ability to share it with third
parties across the Internet.
Additionally, you may have the opportunity to engage in social
networking or other online activities through the Site, such as creating a
public profile, sharing User Generated Content, and inviting others to connect
with you.  Please think carefully before
deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection
with your User Generated Content or social networking and other online
activities.  Please note that Choyo Inc.
does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to
make public and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly
available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose
publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto the Site.  We are not responsible for the accuracy, use
or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through
the Site.
(b) Name and Likeness.  We may also publish your name, voice,
likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Generated
Content, and Choyo Inc. may use the content, or any portion of the content, for
advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.  For full terms and conditions regarding User
Generated Content you submit to the Site, please review our Terms of Use.
SECURITY
We incorporate commercially
reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal
Information.  However, no data
transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of
information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant
the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Site and
provide us with your information at your risk.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
When you use the Site, you could be
directed to other sites that are beyond our control. For example, if you
“click” on a banner advertisement or a link, the “click” takes
your browser off the Site. We have no control over, do not review and are not
responsible for the privacy policies of such other websites or other locations.
These other sites and locations may send their own cookies or other tracking
technologies to users, collect user data, or solicit Personal Information.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES
The Site is operated in the United
States and intended for users located in the United States.  If you are located in the European Union,
Canada or anywhere else outside of the United States, please be aware that
information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States.  The data protection laws in the United States
may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your
Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments,
courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United
States.  By using the Site or providing
us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage
of your information in the United States.
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Choyo Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.  Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.  However, Choyo Inc. will not use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected without your consent.
CONTACT US
Choyo Inc.’s mailing address is PR Morning Sun 15540
Cabrito Rd. our customer service
telephone number is 818-321-8697, and for questions about this Privacy Policy,
our email address is butsudan@butsudan.com.
This Privacy Policy was
last updated December 27th, 2018.
Search for:
Butsudans
Accessories
Prayer Beads
Login
Sign Up
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.