https://buttehumane.org/privacy-policy/
The BHS Pet Food & Supply Pantry Express is available to those at high risk for COVID-19. Call 530-966-2902 to see if you qualify!
Main BHS Website
Capital Campaign
Butte Humane Society respects your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit our website.  If you choose to provide information to us, we use it only to fulfill your request for information, services or donations. We do not sell your information to any vendor. All addresses, phone numbers and email remain property of Butte Humane Society and are solely used for fundraising and communication purposes.
This privacy policy governs the URLs https://www.buttehumane.org and https://bhsjourneyhome.com/and certain electronic communications sent out by BHS. This website is owned and operated by Butte Humane Society for the benefit of community members, donors, vendors and other interested parties.
How we collect information about you
Information you voluntarily provide
Butte Humane Society collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an email or complete any of our online forms, including requests for information, adoption applications, volunteer sign-up, online donation forms,  newsletter subscription requests, veterinary appointment documents, employment inquiries and event registrations. Such information may include your name, mailing address and email address; it may also include a phone number, the email addresses of those to forward BHS content and any other information collected in the forms. You may be asked to provide credit card information to contribute to BHS or register for an event.
Other information
buttehumane.org and bhsjourneyhome.com also collect certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our website. This information includes your IP address and your domain name. buttehumane.org and bhsjourneyhome.com log these IP addresses and domain names and aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the pages viewed and various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us to provide useful content, improve quality and offer a more engaging online experience for buttehumane.org and bhsjourneyhome.com visitors.
buttehumane.org and bhsjourneyhome.com use cookies in order to make the results available for your on-site searches. Cookies are not used for any other reason on this site. A cookie is a small file that is sent out by a website, accepted by the user’s browser and placed on the user’s hard drive. You can always set your browser to warn of cookies being placed and then chose which cookies you want to accept. Butte Humane Society does not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have voluntarily submitted to Butte Humane Society.
BHS uses cookie data to view performance analytics for emails.  This allows us to measure the performance of email campaigns, see what actions subscribers took, create reports about email performance, improve the quality of our emails and segment messages for specific audiences.
Additionally, BHS uses Google Analytics to better evaluate the performance of our marketing, content, and more.
You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings at any time.  Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Ways information about you is used
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding content we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding BHS’s programs and to invite you to support our programs. We may also send information to email addresses you provide when forwarding BHS electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to increase our organizational supporters. Any recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of future such communications by following the instructions on the electronic communication.
If your volunteered personal information will be used in any manner other than as stated above, such use shall be specifically posted. If you wish to update or remove your information, or if you have concerns about what information is shared with affiliated third parties, please email us. You may also unsubscribe at any time.
Other
From time to time, BHS may provide links to third-party websites or app. BHS makes every effort to link only to those websites which also respect your privacy and the mission of BHS. However, Butte Humane Society cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party websites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find invalid links or are concerned about any of the sites that the BHS currently links to, please bring it to our attention.
About Butte Humane Society
Welcome to Butte Humane Society (BHS).
We are one of the oldest non-profit agencies in Butte County, California, working since 1911 to bring humanitarian care to dogs, cats and other animals.
We are a Limited Admission shelter that strives to make our animals as comfortable as possible during their stay with us.
Emergency?
If you have an animal emergency, please call Chico Animal Control
(530) 897-4960
Important Links
About Butte Humane Society
Lost/Found an Animal
Events
Featured Animal
How You Can Help
Employment Opportunities
Low Cost Clinic – Spay & Neuter