https://cairflight.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarFacebookRSSYouTube
CAIR Flight Inc. strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from volunteers, supporters, and visitors to our Web sites. Since the protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or any other information, provided to us by our volunteers, supporters, and website visitors .
These policies do not extend to external sites linked to on this site and/or other non-CAIRFlight.org Web site content. Please check with these companies and sites for their policies regarding data privacy, including the use of cookies.
Email Announcements
From time to time, we send out announcements and other items via email. We respect the personal nature of e-mail communication and understand if you would prefer not to receive them. If you would no longer like to receive these communications from us, please send an email to unsubscribe@cairflight.org with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Does CAIRFlight share my personal information?
All information collected on this site is used by this site only. At no time will we loan, rent, sell, or otherwise give any of the information collected from this site or in email to any third party, with the exception of information that is formally solicited by an authorized law enforcement agency. Sponsors receive reports on the number of downloads per day, but they do not receive IP logs. We will not share an email with a sponsor unless explicitly asked to do so by the sender.
Does CAIRFlight use cookies on its websites?
CAIRFlight uses cookies on some Web pages. A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on a visitors hard drive but that does not itself contain any personal information. Cookies enhance a visitors experience by saving the visitor from having to log in or provide information each time he or she revisits a CAIRFlight Web page and by customizing content based on a visitors interests. Visitors can configure their browsers to be alerted when a site is attempting to send a cookie and refuse the cookie, though some CAIRFlight e-commerce pages will not function properly without accepting cookies.
CAIRFlight also uses cookies to administer the Web site, track visitor movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy, but we pledge that no changes will be put into effect without this document first being updated to reflect impending changes.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our website security uses cookies, beacons, tags, and other tracking technologies to gather demographic information about you, identify your visits to our Website, and other interactions with our Website. We gather information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, internet service provider (ISP), operating system, browser type, date/time stamp, and store it in log files. To collect this information, a cookie, a standard feature of a website that allows us to store a small amount of data on your computer to allow our web servers to recognize you, may be set on your computer or device when you visit our Website. We may track your use across different websites and services. In some countries, including those in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the information in this paragraph may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
You can control how websites use cookies by changing your cookie settings (www.aboutcookies.org), but your modification may limit your use and functionality of some of the features on our Website. We may also use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide you advertising based on your browsing activities. You may opt out of targeted advertisements by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org, or if located in the EEA, you may opt out by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Analytics
Anonymous information will be passively collected without your providing information through technologies such as cookies, log files, server data, etc. Data such as what browser you are using, what city you are from, what pages you are viewing, etc. are collected through an analytics programs. This is for the purpose of providing a better user experience and improving the site.
All information contained within this site is copyrighted material and may not be reproduced without the express written consent of CAIR Flight, Inc. CAIR Flight is an official 501.c3 not-for-profit corporation and your contributions may be tax deductible. Please consult your tax professional. A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the Florida Division of Consumer Services by calling toll-free 800-435-7352. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state.
Primary SidebarHelp CAIR Flight While Shopping
Testimonials
"I am so grateful to fly with CAIR Flight for treatments at Moffitt . . .
When a patient like me is unable to drive to treatment and flying the commercial airlines is prohibited due to immune deficiency, CAIR Flight services are critical and all the people involved are wonderful. I have recommended them to my support group."
-
Bobbye Hill
Mission Requests
Do you know someone who could benefit from our services?
Request Letter - (PDF) (DOC) - Please read first
Mission Request - (PDF) (DOC)
Patient Waiver Form - (PDF) (DOC)
Volunteer Pilots
I signed up with CAIR Flight to give something back to the community; however, I continue to be the beneficiary."
Pilot Interest Letter
Pilot Application
FAQs
Sponsor A Mission
For additional information about CAIR Flight, please contact us by phone at 813-360-0889
or via email at info@cairflight.org.
All donations are tax deductible. CAIR Flight Inc. is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit
Adopt A Bear
Adopt a Bear with a donation to CairFlight.