https://callsam.com/terms-and-privacy-policy/
TERMS & PRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY POLICY
The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, (or "Law Firm") has developed a Privacy Policy to preserve the trust and confidence of visitors to this website.
The Law Firm does not consider a visitor to this site to be an individual that the Law Firm knows has sustained a personal injury as a direct result of a motor vehicle accident, or an immediate family member of an individual who has sustained a personal injury in a motor vehicle accident for purposes of the application of Section 410b of MCL 750.1 to 750.568.
Visitors utilize this website for many reasons unrelated to personal injuries sustained as a direct result of a motor vehicle accident.
A visit to this website, digital marketing related to this website, or an electronic invitation to a visitor to this website to address questions related to a visit to this website does not represent a solicitation or offer to provide service for a fee or other remuneration that is based upon the knowledge or belief that the individual has sustained a personal injury as a direct result of a motor vehicle accident and that is directed toward that individual or a family member.
A visit to this website signifies the visitor's consent to receive an electronic invitation inviting the visitor to communicate with the Law Firm regarding information contained on this site which may include a number of topics not related to a personal injury as a direct result
of a motor vehicle accident.
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when it is required by law.
To provide the best possible response to completed consultation forms submitted to this web site, we may consult with attorneys outside our firm to whom your matter may be referred. In this event, you are advised and consent to the participation of the Law Firm in the referral.
Please be advised that the attorney-client relationship may not protect your communications until you and the law firm with which you wish to communicate have expressly agreed upon legal representation.
A visitor to our website who has questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy should contact:
Website Administrator
The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC
31731 Northwestern Highway, Suite 333
Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
(248) 737-8400
sam@sambernstein.comINFORMATION COLLECT & USE
The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, is the sole owner of the information collected on www.callsam.com.
A user can choose whether or not to submit personally identifiable information, such as name, email address, phone number, mailing address, age, gender, and/or injury or event description.
Each device that connects to the internet has a unique Internet Protocol (IP) Address assigned to it. This address allows for communication and identification when using the web.
We may utilize your IP Address in our marketing efforts.LIVE CHAT
For purposes of clarity, a visit to this website signifies the visitor's consent to receive an electronic invitation inviting the visitor to communicate with the Law Firm regarding information contained on this site which may include a number of topics not related to a personal injury as a direct result of a motor vehicle accident. In the event a visitor engages in a live chat with a representative of The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, no attorney-client relationship is established until a Representation Agreement is signed by the client. Visitors to this site have notice and acknowledge that the invitation to engage in a live chat may originate from and/or be conducted by a representative or vendor of The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC who is not an attorney and/or not Mark Bernstein, Beth Bernstein or Sam Bernstein.COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. We may utilize cookies in our marketing efforts.LOG FILES
Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.LINKS
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.SECURITY & INFORMATION UTILIZATION
This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users’ information.
All of our users’ information is restricted to our offices, attorneys outside our firm with whom we may consult or refer your potential claim, and vendors utilized by law firm for legal, marketing or research purposes.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this website.DISCLAIMER
The material in this website has been prepared by The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC (The "Law Firm"), for informational purposes only. It should not be construed as legal advice or legal opinion on any specific facts or circumstances.
By submitting your consultation form to The Law Firm you acknowledge, understand and permit the sharing of this information to enable the review of a potential claim by an attorney outside The Law Firm. The Law Firm may refer your potential case to an attorney outside the firm.
You should not act upon any information provided in this website, and should seek the advice of legal counsel licensed in their state.
The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, only practices law within the states of Michigan, Ohio, Florida, Illinois, and New York. This website is directed solely to those persons seeking information regarding claims based on Michigan law.
No action related to the transmission, reading, distribution, or submission of information by, from, or to this website, or to The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, via this website, will establish an attorney-client relationship with The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC. An attorney-client relationship with The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, can only be established after consultation with our attorney, and after the full execution of a Client Representation Agreement. This website is not an offer to provide you with legal representation.
Please be advised that the attorney-client relationship may not protect your communications, until you and the law firm with which you wish to communicate have expressly agreed upon legal representation.
The information provided by this website is subject to change without notice. Although we try to keep this website current and accurate, the information provided by this website may or may not reflect the most current legal developments.
The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC, makes every effort to respond to Consultation Forms and other e-mail inquiries as promptly as possible. However, due to court appearances, depositions, trials, meetings and other absences from the office, we cannot guarantee that we will always be able to timely respond to your questions.
If you have a time-sensitive inquiry, please call us at 1-888-CALL-SAM or 1-888-225-5726.
Each device that connects to the internet has a unique Internet Protocol (IP) Address assigned to it. This address allows for communication and identification when using the web.
We may utilize your IP Address in our marketing efforts.
Sam Bernstein is our founder, of counsel and retired shareholder of The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC.TRADEMARKS
The following are registered trademarks of The Sam Bernstein Law Firm, PLLC: 1-800-CALL-SAM, Bernstein Advantage, Bernstein Biker Advantage, Michigan's First Family of Law, Bernstein Briefing, Call Sam, Better Get Bernstein, Disability Express, Law Offices Of Sam Bernstein, Sam Bernstein, The Sam Bernstein Law Firm and Sam Chats.