https://camawise.org.uk/camawise-policies/
Skip to content
Connecting and Inspiring Women in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and Medicine.
Home
Mentoring Programme
Events
Events
Women in Leadership – Hack your Leadership Mind
Past events
About
About Us and the Steering Committee
Meet the Steering Committee
CamAWiSE Coordinator: Rukshana Jaman
The History of Cambridge AWiSE
CamAWiSE Sponsors & Associates
CamAWiSE Policies
Contact
Join Us
Membership
Join CamAWiSE
Membership Renewal
Posts & Blogs
Posts archive
AWISE history
Biological Sciences
Book reviews
Business and Entrepreneurship
CamAWiSE events
CamAWISE news
Computer science and IT
Disciplines of work
Engineering
Inspirational
leadership
Mathematics
Medicine
Mentoring
Networking
Physical Sciences
Profiles
Relocation
Returners
Role models
Skills
Work-Life Balance
Resources
Resources
Blogs we read
Professional bodies
STEMM and WiSE links, Cambridge and regional
STEMM and WiSE links, other
Online Resources for Children
Returners
Relevant reports and articles
CamAWISE Reports and Publications
Job Adverts/ Courses
CamAWiSE Policies
Cancellation Policy
A full refund can be requested up to two weeks before an event, after which the fee becomes non-refundable.
Accessibility Policy
Cambridge AWiSE recognises the importance of providing a website that is as accessible as possible to all users.
We use the WordPress platform to maintain our website and follow the guidance suggested by the WordPress team where practicable.
For the most part, pages should be easily navigable using assistive technologies.If you have any problems or suggestions please contact us at info@camawise.org.uk
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cambridge AWiSE uses and protects any information that you give Cambridge AWiSE when you use this website or by other means.
Cambridge AWiSE is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Cambridge AWiSE may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2013.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to surveys
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our events, workshops and services that we offer for women in STEMM
We periodically send emails about our events, other events of interest and other news that we feel relevant via our mailing list.  You must subscribe to the list by sending an email with subscribe in the subject to: ucam-awise-request@lists.cam.ac.ukYou may unsubscribe from the list at any point by sending an email with unsubscribe in the subject to: ucam-awise-request@lists.cam.ac.uk
We may also contact you using information we hold regarding your membership or related enquiries.
PhotographsOccasionally we will take photographs during Cambridge AWiSE events for use on the Cambridge AWiSE website, other websites and promotional material.   The names of attendees will not be given alongside the photographs.
If you do not wish your photograph to be taken at an event, you must inform the event organisers.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a text file containing a small amount of data that asks permission to be placed on the hard drive of your computer. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies also allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to client needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
More information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal informationWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email info@camawise.org.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at info@camawise.org.uk
Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInLike this:Like Loading...
Next events & latest Blogs – click on the images
Follow CamAWiSE
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
CamAWiSE on TwitterMy TweetsCamAWiSE on Facebook
CamAWiSE on Facebook
BECOME A MEMBER
Full Member £25 first year, then £20/year
Student / Low wage Member £10/year
For news & event updates, join our email list by emailing ucam-awise-request@lists.cam.ac.uk with subscribe in the subject.
Follow CamAWiSE
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
Search CamAWiSE
Search
CamAWiSE Sponsors
Blog at WordPress.com.
%d bloggers like this: