https://campferal.org/privacy-policy/
Camp Feral! Privacy Policy
I. Identifying Purposes
Camp Feral! collects information from the users of this website. The information collected on this website will be used administratively by Camp Feral! staff members to put on a successful and safe event. This includes collecting participants names, addresses, emergency contact information, and medical information.
The emergency contact information and medical information is collected in case there is a medical emergency or other medical concern while you, the participant, are on site at the event. Staff will then use this information to address the situation. This information will not be used in any other capacity, nor is it given to any other organization unless required by law.
Camp Feral! requires some very specific information that is listed below prior to attending.
Full Legal Name
Complete Address of Current Residence
Complete Phone Number
Valid Email Address
Emergency Contact Name
Emergency Contact Phone Number
Emergency Contact Address
List of Current Allergies, Medical Conditions and Prescriptions
If you disclose any Medical Conditions and/or Prescriptions, you are also requested to provide the following information:
Physician’s Name
Physician’s Phone Number
Physician’s Address
II. Limiting Collection
Camp Feral! has deemed that the information collected on this website is necessary to put on a successful and safe event.
III. Accuracy
Camp Feral! will not require you to update your information after you register. However, Camp Feral! does request that you, the participant, keep your information as accurate and up-to-date as necessary to help our staff ensure that our event is successful and safe. Outdated emergency contact information or medical information can create a dangerous situation if a medical emergency arises. As such, we ask that all campers be prudent and maintain up-to-date medical information prior to attending camp.
IV. Limited Use Disclosure and Retention
Personal information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law.
V. Individual Access
Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall be given access to that information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.