https://camphillvillage.org/privacy-policy/
About
Village Life
Visit
Get Involved
Admission
Privacy Policy
Camphill Village Web Site Privacy Policy
The following policy describes the online information practices of Camphill Village USA, sole owner, and designwajskol, operator of www.camphillvillage.org.
Information Collection
Visitors are not required to register or provide information to us in order to view our Web site. Camphill Village USA collects personally identifiable information online only when it is voluntarily submitted to us via mailing list submissions forms and through our online donations form.
Donor Privacy Policy
Donors who make financial contributions to Camphill Village USA will have their name and mailing address added to our donor mailing list. Camphill Village will only share names, addresses, and phone numbers with professional companies Camphill Village hires to perform phone-a-thon fundraisers. Camphill Village does not trade or sell information to other parties.
This Web site uses log files that are not linked to personally identifiable information. These files help Camphill Village analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement in aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. They include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Camphill Village USA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
Notification of Changes
If Camphill Village USA decides to change its privacy policy, it will post changes to this privacy statement and other places it deems appropriate.
Contact
If visitors have questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact:
Camphill Village USA
84 Camphill Road
Copake, NY 12516
(518) 329-7924 Ext. 133
info@camphillvillage.org
Additional Legal Information
Copyrights
All materials posted on this Web site are subject to copyrights owned by Camphill Village USA and other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any materials found on this Web site is expressly prohibited, unless Camphill Village or the copyright owner of the material has expressly granted prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit, or republish the materials. All other rights reserved.
The names, trademarks, service marks, logos, graphics, photographs, renderings, copy, and all other materials appearing on this Web site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate Camphill Village USA’s sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without permission of Camphill Village USA or the copyright owner of the material, prior express written permission.
Proprietary Disclaimer
Camphill Village USA is providing information and services on the Internet as a benefit and service in furtherance of its mission and purpose. Camphill Village makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
About
Village History
Publications
Careers
Board of Directors
Contacts
Videos
Village Life
Our Workplaces
Work & Lifesharing
Testimonials
Upcoming Events
Visit
Tour
Café
Gift Shop
Coffee Shop
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer with Us
Special Events
Camphill Academy
Advocacy
Admission
Process
Application
Camphill Village is closed to visitors until further notice. We hope everyone can understand the threat COVID-19 poses is far too great for us to remain open.
You can learn all about the measures we're taking to stay healthy for each other here.
X
We use cookies to enhance the performance of our site. If that's OK with you, please continue.OK