https://campusventures.org/donor-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Our commitment to responsible handling of donor information.
“Moreover, it is required of stewards that they be found trustworthy.” 1 Corinthians 4:2
“We take this course so that no one should blame us about this generous gift that is being administered by us, for we aim at what is honorable not only in the Lord’s sight but also in the sight of man.” 2 Corinthians 8:20–21
GENERAL PRIVACY STATEMENT
As stewards of the resources that God has entrusted to us, Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures is a ministry committed to honoring the Lord and man in the way we receive and handle the generous giving of God’s people. One way we seek to be trustworthy stewards is by respecting the privacy of our donors. We have developed this privacy policy to assure our donors that their private information will not be made public.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures seeks to maintain appropriate measures to ensure the security of donor information that is collected for ministry-related purposes, to purchase resources, or to make ministry contributions. Here are the types of personal information that we collect:
contact information: name, organization/church, complete address, phone, email;
payment information: bank account/routing numbers;
shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address;
information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions;
your request to receive periodic updates: e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fund-raising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry happenings. Bank account information is used only for donation or payment processing and is not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
NO SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all our donors will be kept confidential. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of Foundation for Christian Discipleship/Campus Ventures.
REMOVING YOUR NAME FROM OUR MAILING LIST
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
CONTACTING US
If you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email at fcd@rushmore.com or call us at (605) 722-4323.