http://campmikell.com/privacy-policy/
Camp Mikell
The Camp and Conference Center for the Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta
Home
About Us
Camp Mikell Staff
Driving Directions
The Story of Camp Mikell
St. Joseph Art Center
Blue Ridge Outdoor Center
Diocesan Youth
Toccoa Walking Guide
Summer Camp
2021 Staff Application Notice
2020 Rates
Parent Dashboard
Camp Sessions
Camp Mikell Rules
Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Conferences and Retreats
General Information
Rates
Adventure Offerings
Guest Information
Guest Expectations
Photo Gallery
Folk School
Forms
2021 Staff Application Notice
Conferences and Retreats
Boardwalk Sponsorship
Contact
Donate
Privacy Policy
Campmikell.com Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Subscribe to Mikell Matters!
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
* = required field
PH:
706-886-7515 |
FX: 706-886-7580
|
EMAIL:
info@campmikell.com
|
237 Camp Mikell Court
|
Toccoa, Georgia 30577
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta
|
Copyright © 2020
Mikell Camp and Conference Center - All Rights Reserved