https://canadachristiancollege.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
You may visit our site anonymously. We collect information from you only when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.We may use the information we collect: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested; to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests; to quickly process your transactions; and to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we occasionally send out newsletters to update you on the latest news, products, special offers, and events. Let us know by entering your email address to subscribe to our free newsletters. You can find a unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server.All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 26, 2015.We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your consent:By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Apply Now
Request Info
Close Menu