https://canalopeweddings.com/blog/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Last updated: March 27, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://canalopeweddings.com website (the “Service”) operated by 2 Above Communications, LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Your booking fee gives you lifetime member status of Can-A-Lope Wedding Ministries for any future clergy services you may need. However, fees for the minister time may still apply.
Clergy Membership
You receive membership of Can-A-Lope Weddings and upon acceptance of your listing by Can-A-Lope Weddings. In submitting a request for membership you declaring to us your legal status as an ordained minister and legally authorized to perform weddings in your state of domicile.
Your FREE membership gives you a lifetime membership status here at Can-A-Lope Wedding Ministries this provides you with a basic membership and we will handle all booking and then refer them on to you for a small commission of Seventy-Five ($75) Dollars as a handling fee. However, you can register for a paid membership. We currently have Two (2) levels you may participate in, these two levels are called basic and platinum.
The basic service is $97 per year and includes you taking full control of your listing. You may for this fee place your phone number, email, and website on your listing, which will allow potential couples to contact you directly.
The platinum service includes both the free listing and the basic membership benefits along with full online marketing training via video, audio, and PDF formats. Also, you will receive a marketing system centered around your local township. This service is driving business through content marketing, social marketing, and paid advertising all for only $197 a month. Think about it just one wedding and you break even.
Marriage License
A marriage license is required for all wedding ceremonies to be performed through Can-A-Lope Weddings. Marriage licenses are good only in the state they are issued. No marriage ceremonies will be performed if there is no license present. No Exceptions! If a Can-A-Lope officiant shows up to perform a ceremony and no marriage license is present, the officiant will have to re-schedule until a marriage license is issued. There may be an additional fee also for the extra time and mileage involved. No refunds will be issued when the couple failed to obtain a marriage license.
Definition of Marriage
We are directly affiliated with the Christian religious organization hereafter referred to as Jeffrey DeBlase Ministries which formally recognizes marriage to the union of a man and a woman as partners in a relationship. Therefore, we reserve the right to extend our services only to couples who are comprised of one man and one woman.
However, upon request, we do have and will provide a list of ministers who may be willing to perform same sex ceremonial unions.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of 2 Above Communications, LLC and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by 2 Above Communications, LLC.
2 Above Communications, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that 2 Above Communications, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
© 2018 Can-A-Lope Weddings.
A Christian Ministry providing connections between wedding officiants, brides, and grooms across the United States. All Rights Reserved 2004 – 2019 Can-A-Lope Weddings a listings website for Officiants and Ministers. Listed officiants, who based on their word alone, are professionals and have proclaimed to be and qualified, ready to serve. Categories served: wedding officiants, wedding ministers, wedding clergy, wedding ceremony, wedding, wedding officiants St Louis, wedding pastors, ordained wedding minister, wedding chaplains, marriage ministers, Springfield wedding officiants, Elope In Branson, justice of the peace, justice of the peace. Finally, Can-A-Lope has not performed a background check on any of its clergy members. We practice as most states do concerning clergy on the honors system. Use this site on your own volition to determine the legitimacy of all clergy listed.
Search for:
Featured ListingsCustomer Testimonials
Justice of the Peace Wedding Tuscaloosa AL For Candice
March 6, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Justice of the Peace Near Me | Kayla
March 5, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Marriage Officiant Chicago IL. | Patrice
March 5, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Wedding Officiant St Joseph, MO. For Jacie
February 24, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Copyright © 2020 | 2 Above Communications, LLC. All rights reserved. WordPress Theme by MH Themes
Terms and Conditions