https://canalopeweddings.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
2 Above Communications, LLC. (“2 Above“) operates CanALopeWeddings.com and may operate other websites. It is 2 Above‘s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, 2 Above collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. 2 Above’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how 2 Above‘s visitors use its website. From time to time, 2 Above may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
2 Above also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on one-secret.com blogs/sites. 2 Above only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to 2 Above‘s websites choose to interact with2 Above in ways that require 2 Above to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that 2 Above gathers depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at CanALopeWeddings.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with 2 Above are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, 2 Above collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with 2 Above. 2 Above does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Aggregated Statistics
2 Above may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. 2 Above may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 2 Above does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
2 Above discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on 2 Above’s behalf or to provide services available at 2 Above’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using 2 Above’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 2 Above will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, 2 Above discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when 2 Above believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 2 Above, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of 2 Above’s website and have supplied your email address, 2 Above may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with 2 Above and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. 2 Above takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. 2 Above uses cookies to help 2 Above identify and track visitors, their usage of 2 Above website, and their website access preferences. 2 Above visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 2 Above’s websites, with the drawback, that certain features of 2 Above’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If 2 Above, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that 2 Above goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that are transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of 2 Above may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 2 Above and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, 2 Above may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 2 Above’s sole discretion. 2 Above encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a CanALopeWeddings.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
GDPR COMPLIANCE
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies Update
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We share data with 3rd party partner websites. We all do this to help each other grow our businesses. However, we will never send offers which are completely unrelated to our core offerings. We do not sell your data ever. We do all the marketing in-house.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
CanALope Weddings is an affiliated website of 2 Above Communications, LLC.Phone: +1 417-839-7401Email: info@canalopeweddings.comwebsite: www.CanALopeWeddings.com
Additional Information
How we protect your data
We protect your data by taking it off-site leaving only first name, username and password in your account. Any personal information about you is kept in a highly encrypted on our in-house computers and is used strictly for marketing purposes.
What data breach procedures we have in place
First, we find the threat then isolate the threat, eradicate the threat. At this point, we implement standard recovery procedures of notification.
What third parties we receive data from
No third parties receive data. We are the sole users of the data. However, we do send 3rd party offers to our users and members from time to time.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We segment our data into custom market segments. We do this by using all data available. For example, if you purchased PLR from us in the online marketing niche then we are going to assume you have a business or are attempting to start a business. So, then we would send education, opportunities, and offers which are inline with your goals.
Search for:
Featured ListingsCustomer Testimonials
Justice of the Peace Wedding Tuscaloosa AL For Candice
March 6, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Justice of the Peace Near Me | Kayla
March 5, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Marriage Officiant Chicago IL. | Patrice
March 5, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Wedding Officiant St Joseph, MO. For Jacie
February 24, 2019
0
“Jeff!
I wanted to thank you again. Everyone went on and on at how impressed they were with the intimate beauty of the ceremony. We are excited to see how the pictures turned out.”
Jacie Morris Saint Joseph, MO.
Copyright © 2020 | 2 Above Communications, LLC. All rights reserved. WordPress Theme by MH Themes
Terms and Conditions