https://care.org.uk/about/privacy-statement
Privacy statement
This is the website of CARE (Christian Action Research & Education) Ltd, a national UK charity.Our head office postal address is:53 Romney StreetWestminsterLondonSW1P 3RFYou can also contact us via email – mail@care.org.uk – and telephone on 020 7233 0455.
Col­lect­ing per­son­al inform­a­tion online
We only collect and store the personal information that you give to us when subscribing to our electronic or postal mailings, making a donation, contacting us via our website contact form or purchasing a resource from our website shop.Your personal information is stored securely on our supporter database, which is not accessible by anyone outside of CARE. We do not share your data with external organisations for their own marketing purposes.
Online sub­scrip­tions
We want to send you mailings and resources that are relevant to you. We hope that they will inspire and encourage you, keep you informed about key parliamentary developments on our causes and equip you to respond effectively both individually and as part of your church.We provide a range of mailings including prayer resources, parliamentary news and opportunities for action, events invitations and Christian insights into issues of human dignity. Our subscribe form allows you to choose the kinds of mailings you would like to receive from us and whether you would like to receive them via post and/or email.We may need to contact you from time to time for administrative purposes and for that reason we ask for an email address or contact telephone number. For example, if the postal service returns your postal mailing to us because you have moved house, we may contact you via your email address or telephone number to find out whether you would like to continue to receive your CARE mailings at your new address.You can view and change your mailings preferences or unsubscribe anytime at care.org.uk/mymailings or by telephoning our Supporter Relations Team on 020 7233 0455 or emailing supporter.relations@care.org.uk . You can also use the unsubscribe link in the footer of our supporter emails.
Third parties
We use our trusted external printing house and mailing house to print, assemble and send our postal mailings. If you have subscribed to postal mailings, we will share your contact information via a secure method with these trusted suppliers in order to fulfil your mailing request. They will store your data temporarily on their own server until your mailing has been sent; your data will then be removed from their server.We use the secure email client Mailchimp to distribute our general supporter emails. This is only accessible by a select number of CARE staff. If you subscribe to our supporter emails, your name and email address will be stored securely on the Mailchimp email server within your chosen mailing lists. If you unsubscribe or change your email preferences, your record on our supporter database and the Mailchimp server will be amended accordingly. We conduct a weekly audit of our email lists on Mailchimp and delete those which are no longer required in accordance with the General Data Protection Requirement.
Web­site donations
CARE is a registered UK charity. Our charity number is 1066963 and our Scottish charity number is SC038911. Our supporters fund CARE’s ministry and we are so grateful for their generosity, which enables us to continue to make a Christian difference.Our supporters can donate to CARE via our website at care.org.uk/giving, where they can choose to make a one-off gift to CARE or to give regularly to the ministry via Direct Debit.The security of your credit/debit card and bank information is of the utmost importance to us. For that reason, we do not store any of this information on our website server after your session has ended.Our one-off credit and debit card donations are processed through the secure payment portal Stripe. We receive a notification of your donation amount and contact details in order to record your donation on our supporter database and to thank you for your gift. We do not collect or store your credit/debit card information from your web donation, which is securely stored and then destroyed by Stripe after your donation has been processed.The information collected via the Direct Debit form on our website is transmitted to our secure server, only accessible by the CARE Supporter Relations Team for the purpose of setting up your Direct Debit and providing you with written confirmation. Once your Direct Debit has been set up, your bank account information is destroyed from our secure server and is not held on our supporter database.Any contact information collected on our online donations forms may be used to contact you for administrative purposes relating to your donation. You will only receive general CARE mailings if you have subscribed to them.We keep a record of supporter donation history and Gift Aid declarations on our secure supporter database, which is only accessible by CARE staff. We conduct an annual audit of our supporter data and archive or securely destroy data, which is no longer required, in accordance with the General Data Protection Requirement.
Web­site shop orders
We are pleased offer a range of helpful books and other resources related to CARE’s ministry and causes on our website. These are available to purchase online at care.org.uk/shop.We use the secure payment portal Stripe to process our shop payments. Our website also sends details of your order to CARE’s secure server location, including your contact information. We use this data to process your order and to send your resource(s) to you. We do not collect your credit/debit card information, which is securely stored and then destroyed by Stripe after your donation has been processed. After you have submitted your order, our website does not store your personal information.
Cook­ies
When you browse our website, care.org.uk does not collect personal information about you. We only obtain your personal information when you give it to us and we never pass on this information to any third party persons, companies or other organisations for their marketing purposes.We use traffic log cookies to identify which webpages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to the needs of those who visit it. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to oth­er websites
We are not responsible for and accept no liability for the content or privacy practices of any linked website that CARE does not own and maintain. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personal information about them.
Off­line data collection
We recognise that some of our supporters prefer to connect with us offline rather than via our website. For this reason, we provide ways for our supporters to subscribe, donate and place orders offline. We can collect personal information relating to these activities over the telephone, via a completed form enclosed in one of our postal mailings, or in person at a CARE supporter event or speaking engagement.Once received, our Supporter Relations Team process the donation in our London office, storing personal information securely on our supporter database and then confidentially disposing of any physical forms once the request or donation has been processed.
Tele­phone
Our Supporter Relations Team can handle requests to subscribe and change mailing preferences over the phone. They can also process orders for resources, take credit/debit card donations and setup/adjust Direct Debit requests and Gift Aid declarations in this way. You can telephone them on 020 7233 0455.Credit/debit card payments taken over the telephone are processed in CARE’s office on our own card machine; no credit/debit card information is stored by CARE electronically and we are PCI compliant. When you provide personal information to the Supporter Relations Team over the telephone, you are consenting to them collecting, securely storing and using that data in line with the General Data Protection Regulation.If you give regularly to CARE, a member of our Supporter Relations Team may telephone you occasionally to thank you for your support. We will never telephone you to fundraise.
Post
Many of our supporters choose to donate to CARE’s ministry or to order resources in response to a mailing they have received. We receive a range of donations from our supporters via post including cheque, cash, charity vouchers and credit/debit card donations, as well as completed Direct Debit Mandates. We collect data from completed donation forms sent in via our Freepost addressed envelopes at our head office. We do not collect credit/debit card security codes on these forms.Once received, our Supporter Relations Team process the donations in our London office, storing personal information securely on our supporter database and then confidentially disposing of the physical forms once the donation has been processed.If you have provided a telephone number or email address on your donation form, we will use this information to contact you if we have a query regarding your donation, for example if the information you have provided is incomplete or there is an issue in processing your donation. If we have your postal address, we will send you a thank you letter, unless we are notified by you not to do so.
Events and speak­ing engagements
We greatly value the opportunity to meet our supporters face-to-face, to inspire and encourage them, to keep them informed of recent key parliamentary developments and to equip them to respond effectively. Our Events Team tour the UK hosting CARE supporter events and church leader breakfasts throughout the year and we host larger scale one-off events related to specific CARE causes or initiatives. Members of the Churches Team are invited to speak at church Sunday services.Those attending our events or speaking engagements receive the opportunity to subscribe to CARE mailings and to contribute a one-off or regular donation to support CARE’s ministry. Visitors to our events often prefer to complete a physical form during the event to subscribe or donate to CARE, rather than visit our website to do so. We do not collect credit/debit card security codes on forms to process card donations. A member of CARE’s Team collects the completed forms and donations during the event. They are then forwarded to our London head office, where our Supporter Relations Team process the subscriptions and donations in the usual way, in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Culture & society reflecting a better story
for everyone.
At the heart of all of CARE’s work is our determination to uphold the truth that human beings made in God’s image are immensely valuable and deserve to be treated with dignity and compassion.We want to show a better story for our culture and society, and we want to be part of shaping that in structures that we are given as citizens in the UK…
Find out more about the better story
Sign up for Impact Direct, and email publications
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Impact Direct (weekly)
Occasional email from the CARE leadership team
By signing up stay in touch you agree to receive emails from CARE. You can change your mailing preferences at any time either by getting in touch with CARE, or through the links on any of our emails.