https://carolinapeace.wordpress.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Carolina Peace Resource Center (CPRC) does not share personal information with any other organization, business, or to any person who is not using the information within the organization to carry out its mission. .
The Information We Collect:
We collect information on the website in the following ways:
1) Emails to subscribers to CPRC lists
Subscribers to email lists like the weekly announcements must provide a valid email address. The subscriber’s name is requested but not required.
2) Registration for the Site
A person may register for the site in order to submit content for consideration for the site, or to comment on articles on the site. This registration requires only your email address and name. Additional requested information is the following:
a) Postal Address
b) City, State, and Zip
c) Gender
d) Areas of Interest
e) Work Group Interests
f) Phone Number
3) Online registration for an event
If you register for an event online, the information required for the event may differ depending on the event, your role in the event, and any fees for the event. At no time does CPRC collect financial information such as credit card numbers for these transactions. If fees are collected online, it is done by using secure financial services such as paypal who collects the required financial information to process the payment. No credit card information collected by paypal or other credit card processing company we might use or ever reaches our organization or our website.
Information about your participation in the event and the amounts of any payments is retained by the organization for accounting and planning purposes but is not available to the public.
4) Online contributions and purchases
Online contributions or purchases of anything promoted on the site for raising funds are handled entirely by groundspring.org or paypal.com who handle security and storage of the transactions. None of the information in those transactions is collected or stored on the carolinapeace.org site.
The Way We Use Information:
None of the information you provide is shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete an order if something is purchased.
We never use or share information provided to us online. The information is used for planning events, coordinating volunteer participation, and for occasionally providing opportunities for participants to contribute to the organization.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into the system yourself or by requesting information be changed or deleted. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 803-446-2772 or send us an email at director@carolinapeace.org.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: