https://casadeesperanza.org/privacy-policy/
saltar al contenido acceder al mapa web
línea de apoyo bilingüe de 24 horas: 651.772.1611
contáctenos
salir
english español
inicio
buscar ayuda
¿es abuso?
¿y mis hijos?
¿con quién puedo hablar?
derechos del inmigrante
ayudar a un/a amig@
encontrar otros recursos
lo que hacemos
En Minnesota
a nivel nacional
compartir herramientas
Nuestra tienda
quiénes somos
historia y filosofía
liderazgo
junta directiva
últimas noticias
informes anuales
oportunidades de empleo
auditoría y finanzas
involúcrate
eventos
haga voluntariado
donar
vea lo que estamos haciendo
donar
Privacy Policy
Welcome to casadeesperanza.org, which is owned and operated by Casa de Esperanza. This policy is designed to help you understand generally how this site collects information, including personal information, and how it uses and discloses that information.
Table of contents
Effective date
Your consent to this policy
Types of information we collect
Our use of Google Analytics
How we use information collected through this site
Your choices
How to access, update or correct your personal information
Steps we take to safeguard your personal information
How we share your personal information with others
Children under 13 years old
Links to other sites
Privacy notices
Other agreements
This policy may change
Definitions
Contact us
Effective date
This policy is effective as of June 6, 2016.
Your consent to this policy
By using this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information, including your personal information, as set forth in this policy. Please do not provide content or personal information to or otherwise use this site if you do not agree to these terms.
Types of information we collect
Information You Manually Provide. Casa de Esperanza collects the personal information you knowingly and manually provide when you use this site. The type of personal information we collect varies depending upon how you use this site. For example, if you contact us with questions or subscribe to our electronic newsletter, we may ask you to provide your name, email address, and other personal information.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages on this site that you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. If you access this site from a mobile device, we will collect similar information from and about your mobile device.
IP Addresses. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other personal information, but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. If we suspect inappropriate or criminal activity or a threat to this site or its users, we may also share our server logs — which contain users’ IP addresses — with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. Most websites use cookies and/or similar technologies to place information about a user’s visit to that website in a small data text file that is stored on the user’s computer. In general, we use cookies and other web technologies to:
collect information about the ways visitors use this site — which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
support the features and functionality of this site — for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits; and
personalize your experience when you use this site.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to set the browser of your computer to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is delivered. You may also be able to delete our cookies as soon as you leave this site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit this site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this site.
Our use of Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with this site. If you don’t want information about your visit to this site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an opt-out browser add-on. Please note that the add-on does not prevent information from being sent to Casa de Esperanza.
How we use information collected through this site
Generally, we use the information we collect through this site:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
to provide you with effective service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this site;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this site;
to contact you with information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to improve the content, functionality and usability of this site;
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
Please see below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your personal information.
Your choices
In General. You have choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information as well as information we automatically collect from your computer or mobile or tablet device. Discussed above are choices you have about delivery of cookies to your computer through this site. In addition, we may ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. For example, we generally provide to you an opportunity to “opt out” of receiving certain communications from us. We also include an “unsubscribe” link in each electronic newsletter or promotional email we send you.
Previously Expressed Preferences. You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your personal information. If you have an account or profile on this site, you may be able to change certain privacy preferences through it. Otherwise, please contact us. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request.
How to access, update or correct your personal information
If you have an account or profile on this site, you may also be able to access, update or correct the personal information you have submitted to us through it. If you have provided any personal information to us, either through this site or otherwise, and you would like to update, correct, or request deletion of that information, please contact us. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will make the change you request. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.
If the contact information you used to subscribe to our e-newsletter is incorrect or changes and you would like to correct or update it, simply unsubscribe using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of one of the issues you have received, and then resubscribe using your correct or updated information. If you would like to simply unsubscribe from our e-newsletter, simply click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the one of the issues. If you would like assistance with this process, please contact us.
Steps we take to safeguard your personal information
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information you submit on or through this site. Unfortunately, no website, mobile or tablet application, server or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
How we share your personal information with others
Third–Party Service Providers. Casa de Esperanza shares personal information collected via our site with third-party service providers who act for or on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design, operate, and/or host this site, to conduct surveys, and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third parties may need information about you to perform their functions. Typically, third-party service providers who receive personal information are bound by contract to use it only on our behalf.
Compliance With Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose your personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order, or a subpoena. We may also disclose your personal information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as described in any privacy notice posted on a page of this site where you provide that information. By providing your personal information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your personal information as described in that privacy notice.
As Described in a Click–Through Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed.
Children under 13 YEARS OLD
We do not want to collect personal information from children. Please do not provide this site with any personal information unless you are at least 13 years of age. If you believe that a child under 13 has submitted personal information on or through this site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us so that we can take appropriate action.
Links to other sites
This site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties. We expect our partners and third-party service providers to be transparent about their data protection practices. Be aware, however, that we have no control over third-party websites. This policy does not apply to personal information collected on any third-party website. When you access third-party websites through a link on this site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
Privacy notices
This policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by “privacy notices” posted on this site. These privacy notices provide a level of detail that we cannot provide in this general description of our privacy practices. For example, certain pages of this site may contain privacy notices providing details about the personal information we collect on those pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information.
Other agreements
When you sign up to use a special feature of this site, you may be asked to agree to special terms governing your use of the special feature. In such cases, you may be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, such as checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” This type of agreement is known as a “click-through” agreement. If any of the terms of the click-through agreement are different from the terms of this policy, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend this policy, but only with respect to the matters governed by the “click-through agreement.”
This policy may change
This policy describes Casa De Esperanza’s current policies and practices with regard to the information, including personal information, we collect through this site.
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this site and the services we offer through this site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this policy behind the link marked “Privacy policy” in the universal footer of this site. Your continued use of this site after we have posted the revised policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised policy and your agreement that any information we previously collected from you may be used as described in the revised policy.
Definitions
The term “content” refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this site, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this site.
The term “feedback” refers to the content you post on or through this site that is specifically about how we can improve this site and the products and services we make available through this site.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Casa de Esperanza.
The term “personal information” refers to information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of personal information include your name, address, and email address.
The term “policy” refers to this online privacy policy.
The term this “site” refers to the website located at casadeesperanza.org.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us using the information provided below:
Casa de Esperanza
PO Box 40115
St. Paul, MN 55104
651-646-5553
Información de contacto
Línea de crisis bilingüe de 24 horas en Minnesota: 651.772.1611
Línea Nacional sobre la violencia doméstica: 1.800.799.7233
Numero de teléfono: 651. 646. 5553
Email: info@casadeesperanza.org
Dirección postal :
P.O. Box 40115
St. Paul, MN 55104
buscar ayuda
Tenemos un centro virtual de recursos comunitarios en Minnesota donde se puede encontrar un directorio de organziciones que ofrecen asistencia con varias desafios como busqueda de empleo, bancos de alimentos y más.
Visite nuestro directorio virtual.
la red nacional latinaLa Red Nacional Latina para Familias y Comunidades Saludables, un proyecto de Casa de Esperanza, es el instituto nacional contra violencia doméstica que se enfoca en comunidades latinas.
últimas noticias
10 consejos para votar de forma segura
Declaración sobre la denuncia de abusos en un centro de detención de ICE
© 2015 casa de esperanza. privacy policy.
fotografía © douglas beasley | hecho con un copiloto
X
PARA SU SEGURIDAD : Su uso de la computadora puede ser monitoreado en una variedad de formas y puede ser imposible de borrar u ocultar. Por favor, ver el sitio web en la biblioteca o en casa de amigos si usted cree que su uso de la computadora está siendo observado . Usted puede utilizar el botón "salir " para salir de este sitio web en cualquier momento.
FOR YOUR SAFETY: It may be IMPOSSIBLE to erase or conceal what you do on your computer. If you think your computer use might be watched, use a friend's device or a computer at a library. Use the “LEAVE SITE” button to go to another website at any time.