http://castleknock.dublin.anglican.org/about-us/policies/data-privacy-notice/
Skip to content
1. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
2. Who are we?
The Parish of Castleknock and Mulhuddart with Clonsilla (the “Parish”) is the data controller. This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The Parish complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in our Parish as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the church;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at Parish and at diocesan level;
To share contact details, where necessary, with the church authorities in relation to our diocesan regulatory obligations.
You are not required to provide us with any personal data, however we may not be able to provide you with some services if you do not provide the information.
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Your explicit consent so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your gift aid donations and keep you informed about parish and diocesan events
That the processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided:
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
That the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
That the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in running our Parish in an appropriate way
5. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with our Parish. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent or where permitted or required by law.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out within Irish Data Protection Legislation, which broadly speaking means that data shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Parish holds about you
The right to request that the Parish corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Parish to retain such data
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the Parish provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable)
[Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means]
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
[Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland)
8. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice. The new notice will explain the new use of your personal data prior to commencing the processing. It will set out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the Canon Paul Houston at the Parish of Castleknock and Mulhuddart with Clonsilla, Parish Office, Main Street, Castleknock, Dublin 15, Telephone 01-8200040 or email cmcparishoffice at gmail.com.
You can contact the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland) on +353 (0761) 104 800; via email info at dataprotection.ie or by writing to: The Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok