https://cathedralmusictrust.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Privacy & CookiesFriends of Cathedral Music (FCM) is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using our services. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information we collect from you via the following channels:
Friends of Cathedral Music website cathedralmusictrust.org.uk
Social media channels (for example Facebook and Twitter)
By phone (for example, if you call us to request a service)
Email (either person-to-person or via mass-mailing tools such as MailChimp in the case of the Diamond Fund for Choristers’ (DFC) e-newsletters)
By post (for example, if you send us a joining form)
Whenever you provide personal or sensitive information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
FCM collects different types of information about our users and members for three main reasons:
To provide personalised services and features, such as access to resources and information for individual members and corporate members.
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer.
Where we have your permission, to raise funds and market our services/merchandise.
Below you can find out more detail about what data we gather, for what reason and how it is used.
How we use your information
What information do we collect?
FCM collects information from its website:
when you become a member of FCM
when you sign up to the DFC e-newsletter
through cookies
if you email FCM via a link on our website
FCM also collects information when you apply to join and when you provide us with details, updates or information by email, post or telephone.
DFC e-newsletter
We will send you the DFC e-newsletter after you have registered to receive it. At any time, you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ‘unsubscribe’ through a link at the bottom of any email.
Use of children’s data
Where we knowingly collect or store data of children under 13, we will ensure the person with parental responsibility for the child has seen the relevant information relating to the child’s data or has given consent on behalf of the child.
Once a child is over 13 years old, parental consent to use their data will no longer be sufficient. We will only continue to hold/use the data if the child themselves also gives their consent.
Who we share data with
We share your personal information with third party contractors working on our behalf (e.g. to send members FCM’s two bi-annual magazines by post). Any organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data protection and privacy laws which apply. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run FCM’s website (or services available on the site), some of whom may be based outside the EEA.
We will not share your information with any other third parties without your permission.
If you attend an event organised by an event partner, data may be shared for event administration purposes.
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users.
Some of our web pages use plug-ins from other organisations (such as Facebook). These other organisations may use information about your visit to our website on their pages. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.
Use of cookies
What are cookies?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer) on your computer or electronic device. They allow websites to ‘remember’ you so that they can store things like user preferences and make the website quicker and easier for you to use.
How does FCM’s website use cookies?
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by Google Analytics generates ‘anonymous analytics cookies’.
These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don’t, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page, to help us identify if visitors would benefit from more information on a particular area.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it from accepting cookies from a particular website.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Useful links
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Legal information and how to contact us
FCM is a registered Data Controller. FCM’s Data Protection Officer is the Secretary who can be contacted at Friends of Cathedral Music, 27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3XX.
If you would like access to or a copy of the personal information we hold about you, to request a correction, or have any questions about how we may use it or to make a complaint, please contact the Data Protection Officer at the address shown above or, email info@cathedralmusictrust.org.uk.
Complaints will be dealt with by the Data Protection Officer and will be responded to within 28 days at the latest.
If you are not satisfied with the way your complaint was handled, you may be able to refer your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to the privacy policy
Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent to make these changes.
Menu
Close Menu
About
Background
How can I help?
Patrons & President
Officers & Managers
Diocesan Representatives
Founder
Cathedral Choirs’ Emergency Fund
Cathedral Choirs Emergency Fund Grant Application Process
About the Cathedral Choirs’ Emergency Fund
About our fundraising projects
Donors and Supporters
Membership
Diamond Fund for Choristers
About the Diamond Fund for Choristers
Why is it important?
What does the DFC do?
DFC Impact
Why your support is needed
DFC Patrons
Events
Grants
Cathedral Choirs Emergency Fund Grant Application Process
About FCM’s grants
Who we help
Edington Festival Award
Endowment Grants
Capital Grants
Small Revenue Grants
Chorister Support Grants
Tony Harvey Award
Publications
News
Merchandise
FCM Merchandise
FCM Christmas Cards 2020
Choral Foundations
Information
Jobs
Jobs
Search
Contact
Support Us
News
Cathedral Choirs’ Emergency Fund In partnership with the Ouseley Church Music Trust, FCM has...
54 Cathedral Organists to give virtual performance of famous work The Cathedral Music Trust, a voice for UK cathedral music,...
Welcome to our new Directors Cathedral Music Trust is delighted to announce the appointment of...
View all news