https://caws.org/privacy/
Privacy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to CAWS.org and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to CAWS include https://caws.org.  The CAWS website is an animal rescue site.  By using the CAWS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Personal Informaion
In order to better provide you with products and services on our site, CAWS may collect personally identifiable information such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Employer
Job Title
If you donate to CAWS, we collect billing and credit card information.  This information is used to complete the donation transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
CAWS collects and uses your personal informaiton to operate it’s website and deliver the services you have requested.  CAWS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CAWS and its affiliates.
Sharing your Information with Third Parties
CAWS does not sell, rent, or least it’s customer lists to third parties.
CAWS may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CAWS , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CAWS may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CAWS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CAWS; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CAWS, or the public
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CAWS. . This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CAWS website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
CAWS  secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  CAWS uses the following methods for htis purpose;
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
CAWS  does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Email Communications
From time to time, CAWS  may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.  If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from CAWS, you may opt out of such communications by following the instructions in the email.
Changes to this Statement
CAWS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
CAWS  welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CAWS has not adhered to the Statement, please contact CAWS at:
CAWS
P.O Box 709629
Sandy, Utah 84070-9629
Email: admin@caws.org
Telephone: (801) 328-4731
Effective as of May 18, 2018
100% of profits on CAWS merchandise goes towards the rescue and care of CAWS animals. Dismiss