https://cayce.com/privacy-statement/
Education & How-to’sHealth InformationHealth SolutionsNewsCase ReportsOur Commitment To Privacy:Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of our webpage.The Information We Collect and How We Use This Information:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the cayce.com website. You can register with our website to receive email updates. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. We do not share your information with outside parties unless you have requested we do so.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personal identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data Security:To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How To Contact Us:Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.Customer Service hours are between Monday – Friday, 9:00 am until 4:00 pm Eastern Time.Search Cayce.com
Form HeadingJoin The Cayce Community!
Enter your email for news relating to the Edgar Cayce Health Readings!
Email*
Lists*
Cayce.com Newsletter
// Featured Video
// Featured Article Boosting Immunity Through Nutrition// Featured Testimonial
Earthquake UpdatesJust PublishedElectrical Immune Therapy and Alzheimer's Disease
Available at baar.com
Alkalize or Die
Available at baar.comBe notified on all new articles by adding us to your favorite RSS Feed Reader!
TagsAcidity
Alkaline
ALS
Alzheimer’s
Anemia
Apple
Apple Diet
Arthritis
Beef Juice
Cancer
Castor Oil
castor oil pack
Cayce
Cayce Appliances
Charred Oak Keg
Children
Cholesterol
Colds & Flu
Crude Oil
Diabetes
Diet
earth changes
Edgar Cayce
Edgar Cayce Reading
Epilepsy
Food Chart
Glyco-Thymoline
Hair Loss
Hair Treatment
Hay Fever
Hemorrhoids
Iodine
Lou Gehrig’s Disease
Lymphatic System
lymph pockets
Olive Oil
Parkinson's
peanut oil
Psoriasis
Radiac
Respiratory
skin care
Tonics
Violet Ray
Wet Cell BatteryRecent Posts
The Charred Oak Keg from Edgar Cayce’s Quick & Easy Remedies
Boosting Immunity Through Nutrition
Today’s Osteopathy and Chiropractic
Fibromyalgia
Avoid Or Overcome Viral Infections The Cayce WaySearch*Disclaimer: These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Print Friendly
reddit