http://cbps.canon.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
These Terms of Use govern your use and access to this website. We may
change, update, delete or add to these terms over time. By accessing
and using this website, you agree to these Terms of Use, all policies
within this website, and all changes or modifications to the foregoing.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, such policies, or any
modifications thereto, please do not use this website.
Privacy Policy StatementCBPS encourages you to read CBPS Privacy Policy Statement so that you may make an informed decision about using this website.
CopyrightAll copyrighted and copyrightable materials on
this website, including, without limitation, the design, text, artwork,
technical documentation, manuals, diagrams, product information,
graphics, images, pictures, photographs, sound files and other files
("Materials"), and the selection and arrangement thereof, are owned by
CBPS and/or its licensors. No Materials may be copied, imitated or used
in any way whatsoever without the prior written permission of CBPS
except that CBPS grants to you limited rights to access the website and
use the Materials for personal, non-commercial and informational use
only provided that the CBPS copyright notice is reproduced therein. This
license may not be sub-licensed, assigned or transferred in any manner.
The foregoing license grant does NOT include the right for you to
publish, publicly perform or display, or
distribute to any third party any Materials, including reproduction on
any computer
network or broadcast or publications media;
market, sell or make commercial use of this site or any Materials;
systematically collect and use of any data or
content including the use of any data spiders, robots, or similar data
gathering, mining or extraction methods;
make derivative uses of this site or the Materials; or
use, frame or utilize framing techniques to
enclose any portion of this site (including the images found at this
site or any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a
page).
Except for the limited license granted to you, you are not conveyed
any other right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in or
under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of CBPS or
any third party. Any unauthorized use of this Site will terminate the
permission or license granted by these Terms of Use and may violate
applicable law including copyright laws, trademark laws (including trade
dress), and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks"CBPS" and the CBPS logo, and any proprietary
product or service names contained in this website are either trademarks
or registered trademarks of CBPS or its licensors, and may not be
copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written
permission of CBPS. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics,
button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade
dress of CBPS and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in
part, without the prior written permission of CBPS. All other
trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or
logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
Accounts and PasswordsYou are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access
to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all
activities that occur under your account or password. CBPS reserves the
right to refuse service, terminate accounts or cancel orders in its sole
discretion.
Choice of Law and JurisdictionThis website is controlled from the Canon
Business Process Services offices located in New York, New York.
Accordingly, the Terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of New
York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. By
accessing this website, you agree that any action at law or in equity
arising out of or relating to the use of the website, including the
purchase of any product, supplies or maintenance herefrom, shall be
filed only in state or federal court located in New York, New York and
you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of the Terms.
General ProvisionsCBPS reserves the right, without notice and in
its sole discretion, to terminate your ability to use this website, and
to block or prevent future access to and use of the website. If any
provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms, including any
applicable policy contained in this site, constitute the entire
agreement between you and CBPS relating to the subject matter addressed
herein.
DisclaimersTHIS WEBSITE, ANY PRODUCTS/GOODS, SERVICES OR
SOFTWARE, AND ALL INFORMATION AND/OR CONTENT OF THE WEB SITE ARE
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE INFORMATION AND/OR CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS
WEBSITE IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE AS OF THE DATE THE INFORMATION AND/OR
CONTENT WAS ADDED TO THIS WEBSITE.
THE INFORMATION AND/OR CONTENT AT THIS WEBSITE
MAY CONTAIN TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OR OMISSIONS. CBPS
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS OR
UPDATE INFORMATION AND/OR CONTENT AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE. CBPS
IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO
PRICING, TEXT OR PHOTOGRAPHY.
Changes or ModificationsCBPS reserves the right to change or modify any
of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms of Use or any
policy of the website, at any time and in its sole discretion. If CBPS
decides to change its Terms of Use or a policy, CBPS will post a new
version on its website and update the date. Any changes or modification
will be effective upon posting of the revisions. Your continued use of
this website following the posting of the changes or modifications will
constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. You should
frequently review these Terms of Use (including its date) and applicable
policies from time-to-time to understand the terms and conditions that
apply to your use of the website.
Privacy Policy
The Information We CollectCBPS does not require visitors to supply personally identifiable
information when accessing public areas of the site. When you browse the
website, you do so anonymously, unless you have submitted an online
registration form and selected a password. We do log your IP address
(the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part
of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not
link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged
into our website through registration and a password.
We do collect personally identifiable information when you register,
access certain restricted site areas, place an order, request other
information, or
otherwise communicate with us about our offerings.
Additionally, we may collect personally identifiable information when
you register to attend a seminar, ask to be included in an email or
other mailing list, submit an entry for a
sweepstakes or other
promotion, or you submit your personal information to CBPS for any other
reason. From time to time, CBPS receives personal information from
business partners and vendors. CBPS only uses such information if it has
been collected in accordance with acceptable industry privacy practices
consistent with this policy and applicable laws. Personally
identifiable information may be merged with other information CBPS
already knows, such as whether you are a current CBPS customer, or
whether you or your organization has had past contact with CBPS sales or
marketing activities.
How we use the InformationCBPS collects this information for a variety of
reasons, including CBPS’s effort to inform you of product upgrades,
special offers, and to ensure that you have access to information which
is likely to be of interest to you. However, we do not sell or rent
personally identifiable information to other organizations.
Your ChoicesYou may request, at any time, that the personally
identifiable information you provide on a registration page or when
updating your profile not be used for direct email marketing purposes by
CBPS. If you do receive direct email marketing communication from CBPS,
you will also receive options to remove your name from future mailings
directly on the email. The processes described on the email will be
effective even if you are not a registered user of the website. If you
need further help or have additional questions, please email us at cbps-info@cbps.canon.com. Please provide your full name, email address and phone number so that we may address your concerns appropriately.
Canon Business Process Services web sites may
contain "links" to other non-CBPS web sites. It is also possible that
non-CBPS web sites may link into CBPS web sites. We are not responsible
for the content or the privacy practices employed by those non-CBPS web
sites.
CookiesAs is the case with many sites, when you visit
our site or complete a registration form, we will place a "cookie" on
your computer, which helps us identify you more quickly when you return.
Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know
anything about you. They are used to identify you as a unique visitor to
the site. We will not use "cookies" or other devices to follow your
click stream on the Internet generally but will use them to determine
which pages or information you find most useful or interesting at our
own Web sites.
Most browsers permit you to refuse to accept a "cookie" offered by a Web site. You will not be denied access to any part of
cbps.canon.com because of your refusal to accept a "cookie," but your transactions
through this Web site may be delayed due to the time it takes you to
re-enter basic information necessary to complete a transaction.
Changes to the Privacy PolicyDue to the rapidly evolving nature of
technologies CBPS uses to communicate with you, CBPS may occasionally
update this privacy statement. Notice of any revisions will be posted to
this privacy statement web page.
Question or SuggestionsYou should send any comments or questions regarding CBPS privacy practices on this site to us at cbps-info@cbps.canon.com.
Ready to Advance Your Business?
CONTACT US
© 2020 Canon Business Process Services. All Rights Reserved.