https://ccikids.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Chosen Children International | Sponsor A Child - Sponsor A Child In Africa | Give to Children | African Children | Support A Child
Privacy Policy – Chosen Children International | Sponsor A Child – Sponsor A Child In Africa | Give to Children | African Children | Support A Child
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Videos
About Us
Online Store
How You Can Help
Make a Donation
Join a Prayer Team
Prayer Requests
Volunteer Opportunities
Sponsor a Child
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We at Chosen Children International respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on our Web site, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. In addition, we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us. We also tell you how you can reach us to reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing lists, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) on this Web site. Here are the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information.
E-mail Communications
When you ask us to send you e-mail such as our free e-mail newsletter, you may provide us with certain information like your e-mail address so we can fulfill your request. You may choose to provide additional information as well, such as your postal address and phone number.
Donations
When you make a donation through our Web site (for example, by sponsoring a child), we may ask you to submit certain personal information (such as credit card information) so we can process your donation. We use the credit card information you provide only to fulfill the transaction you requested. We maintain that information in our customer service records in the event you choose to make another donation later. We also maintain your contact information in our records so we can contact you to provideÂ Chosen ChildrenÂ program information and information on additional giving opportunities.
Questionnaires and Surveys
We occasionally may ask visitors to our Web site to complete online surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us understand the needs of our visitors. We do not keep anyÂ personal information about you in connection with your participation in a Web site survey unless you specifically agree to provide this information.
Information We Share
Chosen ChildrenÂ InternationalÂ does not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information about our Web site visitors, except as described here. We share information provided by our Web site visitors with service providers that we have retained to perform services on our behalf – for example, to process donations. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this Web site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links to other Web sites for your convenience and information. These sites operate independently from our site and are not under our control. These sites may have their own privacy notices in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked Web sites. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of these sites.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information in our possession. When you provide credit card information to make a donation, we useÂ PayPal to help protect the information you provide. Please note, however, that perfect security does not exist on the Internet.
Your Choices
If you would like to update your contact information or prefer not to receive certain communications from us, please call or write us using one of the options provided below or visit https://ccikids.org/contact-us/.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time and without prior notice to you. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the Notice. We will indicate below the effective date of the Notice.
How to Contact Us
If you would like us to update your contact information or remove your name from our e-mail or postal mailing lists, or if you have any questions about our information practices, please contact us by:
visiting https://ccikids.org/contact-us/.
PRIVACY NOTICE EFFECTIVE DATE: 10/4/2009
Chosen Children International We are a 501 (c) (3) Organization. All Donations are Tax Deductible. Tax ID.No. 742946042.
Send your tax deductible contributions to
P.O. Box 97112
Raleigh, NC 27624
Copyright © 2015
Like Us, Share Us, Tweet Us. When you click on any of our social sites like Facebook and
“like us” or share with us, you help us get the word out. So please like, share,
view our videos and tweet about us. Share Gods love…
Contact Us Read our Newsletters for the latest CCI news
Please email sponsor@ccikids.org for more information or to make sponsorship arrangements.
Chosen Children International Privacy Policy
Bota simple WordPress Theme
Powered By WordPress