http://cdn.ashostserver.com/docs/tos/?p=privacy
Privacy Policy
The term "This Website" refers to World Wide Website at the URL in which you found this docuemnt linked from. The term "Organization" refers to the business or organization that This Website is promoting. The term "The Webmaster" refers to the designer of the website.
By continuing to utilize or visit
This Website, you agree to the following guidelines. If you do not agree to all of the following stop visiting and using this site and discard any information you may have obtained as a result of using this site. Please review these terms periodically as they
may be updated at any time.
Collection of Personal Information
This Website collects personal information about you anytime you voluntarily fill out a form, buy a product, register or create an account, etc. Information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, as well as comments or questions you have asked may be emailed to The Organization and/or saved in a database.
Use of Your Information
This Website may use the
information you supply as a means of login, online purchasing, or other critical website functions. Information that is sent via email may be sent to the The Organization and/or archived on The Website. Note that this Privacy Policy does not cover how The Organization uses your information. You must contact The Organization to learn how your information is used.
This Website may display personal information about you from other third parties based on software that might be installed on This Website. For example, This Website may be using software that displays updates from a social network. Information that you publish on that social network may be visible on This Website. In these cases, please refer to the Privacy Policy of the third party service for more information.
Use of Cookies
This Website may use cookies to store session information such as what products are in your shopping cart, whether or not you are logged in, your preferences and other settings and information that contribute to the overall experience at This Website. This Website makes use of both temporary and stored cookies. In most cases, no personally identifiable information is stored in cookies.
This Website may also use third party cookies which may be used for advertising, marketing and other purposes. These cookies may be shared with other third parties.
While you may be able to use This Website without accepting cookies, you may not be able to use some functions such as checkout, login and other session controlled features.
Tracking and Logging Information
This Website logs the IP address and other related information about each visitor. This information is used to generate statistical reports and track errors. This Website may also use third party tracking to provide statistical and marketing reports. This information may be shared with other third parties for marketing and benchmarking purposes.
Distribution of Information
The Webmaster does not sell, trade or transfer personally identifying information about users of This Website. The Webmaster does share personally identifying information with select third parties that provide services critical to the function of This Website such as maintenance, development, database management, hosting, etc. Additionally information may be shared with third parties for the investigation of fraud, malicious, illegal activities, etc.
The Webmaster also shares
IP address, log files and other personal information collected via This Website and associated servers with official governmental authorities and law enforcement should it be requested.
Information about your browsing habits may be collected by third parties based on software or scripts that may be installed on This Website. This information is used to provide marketing research and may also be used to deliver relevant ads to you throughout the internet. In these cases, This Website does not directly provide these third parties with any personal identifying information.
Information collected on This Website may also be used or received by The Organization. In those cases, you must refer to The Organization's Privacy Policy for information on how your information is being handled.
Data Security
Some information submitted through this website, such as data related to online shopping, may be submitted via a secure server. In these cases, a secure certificate stands to verify that the connection between you and the server is secure. No other warranty or guarantee is given.
Some information such as that which is submitted via a contact form, is sent to an individual via email. As with most email, it is sent via unsecured public networks so there is a risk that your personal information may be viewable to others.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy only applies to information submitted through This Website. It does not cover information collected over the phone, in person, on third party websites, etc. Additionally this Privacy Policy covers how your information is handled by The Webmaster only. You must review the Privacy Policy for The Organization to learn how they are handling your information.