https://cdpcc.org/privacy-policy/
630-752-9750
Donate Today
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy statement sets out how the Central DuPage Pastoral Counseling Center (CDPCC) uses and protects any information that you give them when you use this website.
Our staff are committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a positive experience both on our website and when you use our services. We handle your information carefully to ensure that your privacy is protected.  Should we ask you to provide  information when using this website that could identify you, we will use that information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This Privacy Statement also describes the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update and correct your personal information. CDPCC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from March 2019.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including e-mail address
demographic information
location
information provided when completing an online form on our website or those we use for payment
other relevant information depending on circumstances
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to respond to your request(s) for information, appointments, workshop registration, or donations made to CDPCC. In particular, we may require this information to:
answer your questions
process your requests, such as to schedule an appointment
use the information to improve our services
processing a workshop registration, including payment transactions
providing you with a newsletter subscription
sending marketing communications
creating an account
Providing customer service.
Managing a job application.
We pledge to use your information only for its intended purpose at the time you provide it.  We will use your information for internal purposes only and will not sell it or give access to it by any third party.
Security
We intend to protect the personal information entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this Privacy Statement. CDPCC implements physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require that business associates protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. The Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
How you can access, change, or delete your personal information
If you would like to review, correct, update, restrict, or delete your personal information, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your personal information (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), please contact us. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably practicable and no later than one month after receipt. If circumstances cause any delay in our response, you will be notified.
Use of Cookies and other Web Technologies
Like many websites, CDPCC uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, and web beacons. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website. Examples include your browser type and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website.
They may also collect information about:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This is a number automatically assigned to your computer or device whenever you connect to the Internet. It is a unique address assigned by your Internet service provider or IT department on a TCP/IP network. Among other things, the IP address allows web servers to locate and identify your device.
Clickstream behavior. This includes, for example, the pages you view and the links you click. These tools help make your visit to our website easier, more efficient, and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.
Our website includes widgets. Widgets are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from other companies. Examples include displays of news, opinions, videos, and more. Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through widgets. Widgets may also set cookies to enable them to function properly. Information collected by a widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created the widget.
About CDPCC
Our Staff
Rates & Insurance
Our History
Our Board
Affiliate Churches
Practicums & Internships
News & Resources
Blog
Events
Public Speakers
Forms
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Appointments
Donate
Take a Tour
Employment
Contact Us
Affordable, compassionate care since 1976