https://cedarview.org/privacy-policy
Visit
Events
Resources
Ministries
Missions
ChildCare Plus
Children's Ministries
Junior Youth
High School Youth
Young Adults
Alpha
Celebrate Recovery
The Mix
Married's Ministry
Women's Ministry
All Ministries
Prayer Request
About
About Cedarview
Staff
Contact
Give
Cedarview Community Church Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy Home
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit https://cedarview.org (the "Site").
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- "Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you fill in a form, we collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Contact Information."
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Contact Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Contact Information that we collect generally to contact and communicate with you.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our visitors browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our visitors use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you complete a form on the Site, we will maintain your Personal Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 16.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at ccc@cedarview.org or by mail using the details provided below:
1000 Gorham Street, Newmarket , ON, L3Y 1L8, Canada
this is atests