https://cedarhouse.co/privacy-policy/
ShopMenu
Categories
Apparel
Apparel
Hats
Shirts
Socks
Sweatshirts
New Releases
Saints
Self-Care
Art
Art
Divine Mercy
Marian
Modern
Traditional
Author
Author
Bishop Andrew H. Cozzens
Bishop Robert Barron
Carrie Gress and Noelle Mering
Dr. Michael Barber
Dr. Peter Kreeft
Dr. Ralph Martin
Dr. Scott Hahn
Fr. Michael Gaitley
Jason and Crystalina Evert
Jason Evert and Matt Fradd
Jeff Cavins
Jesse Romero
Ken Hensley
Matthew Arnold
Sarah Swafford
Steve Ray
Terry Barber
Venerable Fulton Sheen
Vinny Flynn
Books and Media
Books and Media
20 Packs
Advent & Christmas
Angels
Apologetics
Audio Drama
Bible Study
Bibles
Catechesis
Chastity
Children
Conversion Stories
Devotionals & Journals
Digital Downloads
Divine Mercy
Evangelization
Family Life
Films
Healing
History
Holy Spirit
Lent & Easter
Liturgy
Marian
Marriage
Multi CD Sets
Novels
Prayer
Priestly Formation
Pro-Life
Sacraments
Saints
Spanish
Spiritual Warfare
Teens
Theology
Food and Beverage
Food and Beverage
Baked Good
Coffee
Hot Sauce
Home Goods
Home Goods
Accessories
Coffee Mugs
Greeting Cards
Journals
Soaps & Lotions
Handmade Items
Religious Items
Religious Items
Home Altars
Prayer Cards
Rosaries
Scapulars
Kids and Teens
Kids and Teens
Books & Media
Coloring Books
Marian
Stuffed Animals
Gift Ideas
Gift Ideas
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Men
Gifts for Teens
Gifts for Women
Holiday Bundles
Home Goods Gifts
Occasions
Occasions
Holidays
Advent & Christmas
Lent & Easter
Mother's Day
View All
Sacraments
First Communion
Marriage
View All
Navigation
Brands We Love
Discover New Stuff
Donate
FAQs
Home
Our Story
Sell on Cedar House
Privacy Policy
Refunds & Returns
Contact Us
Brands
Saint Joseph Communications
Word On Fire
Full of Grace USA
Chastity Project
Institute for Priestly Formation
St. Paul Center
Caritas Press
Holy Heroes
Catholic Christian Outreach
Tiny Saints
View all Brands
Brands We Love
Discover New Stuff
Our Story
Sell on Cedar House
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cedar House’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Cedar House collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://cedarhouse.co/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Cedar House.
PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, and mailing address. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
Cedar House may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site. We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service. Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site. We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments. We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails. We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Cedar House has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Sign up to see what's new and get discounts!
Email Address