https://celebrationradio.com/kamb-privacy-policy/
×
Celebration Radio KAMB90 East 16th Street, Merced CA
95340Office: (209) 723-1015   •   1-800-692-5777   •   Fax: (209) 723-1945   •   kamb@celebrationradio.com
Studio / Contest Line: 1-877-664-1015
101.5FM Merced - Modesto - Fresno . . . 100.9FM South San Jose . . . 103.1FM Santa Cruz . . . 96.3FM Salinas . . . 107.1FM Sonora
KAMB Privacy Policy
KAMB is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
This policy will let you know:
1. What personally identifiable information does KAMB collect from me?
If you contact KAMB to share your thoughts, find out about our services, or report a problem with our site or for any other purpose, some personal information (name, address, email address, phone number, etc.) is gathered and we may keep a record of that correspondence. Whenever KAMB collects personal information, however, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
2. What are cookies and how does KAMB use them?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. The KAMB Website does not use or automatically accept cookies.
3. Who is collecting personal information?
When you are on KAMB's Website and are asked for personal information, you are providing that information with KAMB alone. KAMB does not partner or have any special relationships with any ad server companies.
4. With whom does KAMB share my personal information?
As a general rule, KAMB will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have permission or under special circumstances, such as when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) KAMB's rights or property, other KAMB users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. KAMB may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes we deem necessary to maintain and improve our services. Furthermore, KAMB will provide site visitors with access to all information, including proprietary information, that we maintain about them.
5. What are my choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of my personal information?
If you wish to contact KAMB from this website, we will ask for some personal information (name, address, email address, phone number, etc.) so that we may respond to your questions, comments, or provide information about upcoming events or services. KAMB does not sell, trade, or rent user information to anyone. If you supply us with your postal address, telephone number, and/or email address online you may receive periodic emails, mailings, and/or telephone calls from the ministry of KAMB. If you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings and/or telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an email at kamb@celebrationradio.com or calling us directly at (209)723-1015
6. How does KAMB protect children's privacy?
KAMB's Website is a general audience Website. Naturally, the safety of children is very important to us. KAMB will not rent or sell children's personally identifiable information to anyone. KAMB will not contact children under 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without parental consent. Furthermore, under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, no web site operator can require, as a condition of participation in an activity, that a child under the age of 13 disclose more information than necessary. To learn more about the privacy requirements for general audience Websites, parents and guardians should visit the Federal Trade Commission's privacy pages.
7. What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. Thus, if you post your personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other third parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and /or any account information. Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
KAMB may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
9. Additional Information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:
Postal Address: KAMB
90 East 16th Street
Merced, CA 95340
Upcoming ConcertsThere are no upcoming events.Concert CalendarCurrent Financial Support
We can also be reached via email at kamb@celebrationradio.com , by telephone at 209-723-1015, or by our Studio Comment Line at 1-877-664-1015.
For more information on protecting your personal information online, see the Federal Trade Commission's privacy pages or the Electronic Privacy Information Center's Website .
KAMB Contact Form
*first name*last name*email addressphone numberCellOptional Mailing List Info:mailing addresscitystatezipNoteCommentPrayer RequestSong RequestSend
TOP
Now Playing:
Now Playing
Now Playing: