https://celesteinspires.com/privacy-policy/
info@theyogahouse.ca
1-416-690-8966
7 Copeland Ave, Toronto
Follow Celeste
Top
Privacy Policy
Celeste Inspires / Privacy Policy
Personally Identifiable Information:
Celeste Inspires collects personally identifiable information from you only with your knowledge and consent.
Celeste Inspires uses the services of two leading Software companies, Acuity Scheduling (www.acuityscheduling.com) and PayPal (www.paypal.com) for web scheduling, registration, order processing and online payments. Please visit their website to acquire information about the companies and their Privacy Policies.
When you make a purchase through Celeste Inspires they ask for your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal information necessary to fulfill and track your order. For purposes of billing, you will need to provide your credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address for the card.
Celeste Inspires also ask you to create an account by providing your email address and designating a unique access password for future access to your account information. For your privacy and security, credit card numbers are not stored in the Celeste Inspires system.
Celeste Inspires also collects your name and email address if you sign up for our email newsletter.
Is information shared with third parties?
We do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies for any purposes. Under no circumstances will your personal information be disclosed to any third party unless we seek your express consent or are required to do so by law.
Celeste Inspires Mailing List:
When you sign up to our email mailing list, we will use your email address to send you a monthly newsletter containing new schedules, holiday hours and info on any events or promotions we are offering. Mid/ month reminders may also mailed as workshop registration deadlines approach.
Each newsletter will contain simple instructions on how to unsubscribe (opt-out) from the newsletter list. Each newsletter will also contain a link that will allow you to log in to the email system and change the current data so that you are always in control of the information you provide.
Linking to other websites
Celeste Inspires sometimes provides links to other organizations’ websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that site’s privacy policy. We encourage you to read that website’s policy before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.
Privacy Policy changes
Celeste Inspires may deem it necessary or appropriate from time to time to modify this privacy policy to reflect changes in the way Celeste Inspires collects or uses information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, or industry standards. Accordingly, Celeste Inspires reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time by posting the revised policy on this site. Information will be handled according to the privacy statement in effect at the time the information is used. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the change on this website.
Whom do I contact with questions?
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, CelesteInspires.com or The Yoga House, please contact us directly:
Email: info@theyogahouse.ca
Telephone: (416) 690-8966
Address: The Yoga House 7 Copeland Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, M4C 1A9