https://celesteinspires.com/terms-of-use/
info@theyogahouse.ca
1-416-690-8966
7 Copeland Ave, Toronto
Follow Celeste
Top
Terms Of Use
Celeste Inspires / Terms Of Use
Terms of Use
In using the Celeste Inspires (www.celesteinspires.com) website, you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms as modified from time to time (‘Terms’). Before using the Celeste Inspires website it is your responsibility to read Celeste Inspires’s Privacy Policy and to inform Celeste Inspires if you do not want us to collect information about you.
Rights
All intellectual property rights, including all copyrights, trademarks, tradenames, logos, service marks and other intellectual property or proprietary rights, in the content displayed on the Celeste Inspires website (including, but not limited to, all information, text, sound, music, software, photographs, videos, graphics, data, messages and materials) (‘Content’) belong solely to Celeste Inspires.
Use of Content
The Celeste Inspires website, owned by Celeste Shirley, and the content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use. For this purpose alone you may retrieve and display the content on a computer screen, except for this, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, modify, store, archive, show in public, redistribute or commercially exploit in any way any part of the content without the prior written permission of Celeste Shirley. You agree not to use the content or the Website for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others or which might harass or cause inconvenience or distress to any person. You may not, without Celeste Shirley’s prior written consent, insert a hyperlink to Celeste Shirley’s website (or any part thereof) on any other website or “mirror” or frame any content contained on Celeste Shirley’s website on any other server or website.
You also agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the content and not to remove or alter any such notice or restriction or alter the content in any way.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer
All contents contained in or accessed through Celeste Inspires’s website and/or online services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and you agree that you use them at your sole risk. We clearly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, to the fullest extent allowed by law.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, we make no warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or quality of any content obtained through Celeste Inspires’s website and/or online services or any defects therein will be corrected and that such content and access to them are error free and uninterrupted or available at all times.
Celeste Inspires obtains the content from a wide range of sources and it includes facts, views, opinions and information likely to be of interest to users of the website. While all reasonable care is taken, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of the Celeste Inspires website and the content nor do we endorse or accept any responsibility for any views, advice, recommendations or opinions expressed on the Celeste Inspires website or any website to which we link.
The content should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation or advice as your circumstances are different to other users.
Before taking any action or decision based in whole or in part on the content, you should always make your own independent checks of any information that is important in making such decision or taking such action. You should also seek professional advice in appropriate circumstances (such as medical advice). Celeste Inspires does not give any warranties in respect of the Celeste Inspires website or the content, freedom from viruses or other contamination or that the Celeste Inspires website is compatible with any computer systems, software and browsers.
All implied warranties or duties are excluded save if and to the extent that they may not lawfully be excluded.
Celeste Inspires shall not be liable for any claims, losses, injuries, penalties, damages, costs or expenses arising from your use of, or inability to use the Celeste Inspires website or the content or from any action taken, or omitted to be taken, as a result of using the Celeste Inspires website or the content. To the fullest possible extent allowed by law, you agree that Celeste Inspires will not be liable to you and/or any other person for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to loss of profits, loss of privacy or for failure to fulfill any duty) or for any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to your use of the Celeste Inspires website or the content or to any breach of the terms by Celeste Inspires.
Links
Celeste Inspires website may contain links to other web sites operated by parties who are wholly separate from Celeste Inspires Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only and Celeste Inspires cannot be held responsible in any way for the content, operation or availability of such website.
Registration and Purchase
To register or purchase from Celeste Inspires online booking system, you must be over 18 years of age. You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration are correct and complete.
Waiver Form Terms and Condition
All services purchased from Celeste Inspires must be preceded by the applicant acknowledging, by way of completed a waiver form that he/she has no physical limitations preventing him/her from participation. All participants must complete a waiver form prior to attending classes at The Yoga House. All applicants under the age of 18 years must have consent, in written form or over phone confirmation, from a parent or guardian. The applicant also agrees to abide by the rules and regulations of The Yoga House, and acknowledges that these rules and regulations may change from time to time. Furthermore, all applicants release The Yoga House and its owner, Celeste Shirley, from all liability regarding 1) any injury to self or child 2) any loss or damage to personal property.
No Loitering
In order to maintain a comfortable environment, safety and wellbeing of our customers and employees, Celeste Shirley prohibits individuals and/or groups of individuals loitering, i.e. to linger idly or aimlessly, or linger on the studio premises.
Terms and Conditions of Use
If you access and use www.celesteinspires.com and www.theyogahouse.ca, you accept and agree to be bound by and comply with the following Terms. If you do not accept the Terms, refrain from using www.celesteinspires.com and www.theyogahouse.ca.
Internet E-Mail
Any unprotected E-Mail communication over the internet is, as with communication via any other medium (e.g. cellular phones, post office mail), not confidential, subject to possible interception or loss, and is also subject to possible alteration.
Payment for Products or Services
All Credit Cards will be processed in Canadian Dollar at the time of payment. Celeste Shirely is not responsible for any fees, charges, exchange rates or additional charges levied by individual financial institutions or Credit Card companies.
Return/Refund Policy
Celeste Shirley offers a 10% discount to seniors and students with valid student ID cards. And for seniors, Celeste offers a 10-class pass for $150.
All class packages and gift certificates are non-refundable and non-transferable.
If booking online, please give 24-hour notice before class if not able to attend in order to be considered for your 50% refund.
Workshop Registration
If signed up for a workshop, retreat or any preregistered event, please give 5 days notice if not able to attend in order to be considered for a 50% refund.
Friday Restorative Reteat
Please give 48 hour notice prior to the retreat if unable to attend in order to be considered for a refund.
Private Class Cancellation Policy
A minimum 48 hours notice given to studio and schedule coordinator via email for any cancellation or changes required for private classes.
If less than 48 hours notice is given to Celeste Shirley, a cancellation fee equivalent to 50% will be charged immediately to client’s account. This cancellation fee is due immediately prior to scheduling make up dates for cancelled classes.
Less the 24-hours notice, your class will be nonrefundable.
Use of Your information
Celeste Shirley respects your privacy and pledges to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. All personal information you share with us is maintained in accordance with the Personal information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (2000).
Under no circumstances do we sell participant or personal information to others. We will disclose your personal information when you have given consent. Please note that we will not share health information that may have been provided in connection with a program, program withdrawal, or request for refund. With your consent, we may use certain information certain information to provide you with information about Celeste Shirley, The Yoga House and its affiliates and programming. This consent is optional and you can decide to withdraw at any time.
Information collected by Celeste Inspires about its users is used internally by authorized employees of Celeste Inspires for the following reasons: to process payment, to register you in the program of your choice, update you when required of any possible changes of the planned services at Celeste Inspires, determination of those areas features, and services that are valued the most and found most helpful. We may collect information to determine the appropriate participation in the activities and services provided at Celeste Inspires and on our site.
Terms & Conditions Changes
Celeste Inspires also reserves the right to alter the terms and conditions and prices at our discretion. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the changes on this website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, Celeste Shirley and The Yoga House, please contact us directly:
Email: info@theyogahouse.ca
Telephone: (416) 690-8966
Address: 7 Copeland Avenue