https://cfan.org/policies/privacy
A message from Daniel Kolenda about COVID-19
Toggle Navigation
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Rights
CfaN has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL cfan.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. CfaN reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to CfaN by sending an e-mail to usa@cfan.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
CfaN uses cookies for the following purposes outlined below:
To personalise aspects of the website. CfaN uses cookies that regionalizes your content, prayer request and donations based on your location.
The CfaN online store uses cookies to remember what is in your shopping basket and to provide personalisation when you return to the site from the payment processing.
These cookies are integral to the functioning of our site and are required for using the site.
To enable site statistics. CfaN uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the site.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States of America.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
In order to opt-out of Google Analytics please see the Google Privacy Policy or Google's Opt-out tool.
Christ for all Nations allows Google to receive anonymous tracking data to improve your experience on our website. Google retains this data for 26 months.
After the 26 month period, this data is removed.
To enable sharing of articles on the site. The CfaN site uses social media sharing widgets from Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google Plus to allow sharing content with friends and family.
These widgets use their own cookies to enable sharing.
Please see the Facebook, Instagram,
Twitter and Google Plus privacy policy for more information.
To enable advertising conversion tracking.
When we run advertising campaigns on third-party advertising networks (such as Google or Facebook), we may enable conversion tracking to allow us to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
These services will typically use cookies to enable conversion tracking. You can view Facebook's Privacy Policy and Opt Out options here, Google's Privacy Policy is found here.
To enable remarketing. When we run advertising campaigns on third-party advertising networks (such as Google or Facebook), we may enable remarketing cookies to allow us to more effetively target our online advertising. These services will typically use cookies to enable conversion tracking. You can view Facebook's Privacy Policy and Opt Out options here, Google's Privacy Policy is found here.
Security & PCI Compliance
All information provided to CfaN is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of CfaN. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
The CfaN website meets PCI Compliance requirements as validated by a third party organization.
If you would like to review our current PCI compliance record please contact us via the contact information found under "CONTACTING THE WEBSITE" below.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Christ for all Nations
P.O. Box 590588Orlando, FL 32859-0588United States of America
Tel: +1 407 854-4400
Fax: +1 407 854-4401
Toll Free: 1 888 800-2767
Email: usa@cfan.org