https://cfbnj.org/legal/
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Corporate Partners
Agencies
Careers
Press
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Our Donors
The Community FoodBank of New Jersey (“CFBNJ”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy and personal data.  As a nonprofit organization, CFBNJ operates with a single goal — to fight hunger and poverty in New Jersey by assisting those in need seeking long-term solutions. CFBNJ uses the donations it receives to fund programs in furtherance of that goal.
This Privacy Policy describes the kind of information we collect from you, how that information is used, and what kind of security measures we employ on our website. It applies to all information received by CFBNJ, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.
Privacy Statement
This website is owned and operated by or on behalf of CFBNJ. We recognize that visitors to this website may be concerned about the information they provide us with and how we use and protect that information. By visiting our website, www.cfbnj.org, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice of those changes on the Privacy Policy section of our website so that you will always have notice of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was collected.
Our Policies
CFBNJ makes every effort to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors and both online and offline donors and volunteers. We will not sell, share, rent or trade donor personal information, which includes your name, address, financial information, and email address, with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
Although unlikely, CFBNJ may be required to disclose personal information about our donors to the extent required by law. Disclosure may also occur if we consider it necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct.
Data Collection
Personal Information
We do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.
Volunteers: When you become a CFBNJ volunteer, we ask you to provide us certain personal information, including your name, telephone number, mailing address, and e-mail address. We use this information to populate our volunteer database and to contact you in connection with volunteer activities.  By agreeing to become a CFBNJ volunteer, you will automatically be added to our mailing list.
Donations: When you give a financial donation to CFBNJ, we ask that you provide us with your name, telephone number, mailing address, e-mail address and credit card information.
For online donation processing, CFBNJ uses secure data networks protected by industry standard firewalls and password protection systems. Only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our donors. Any other particularly sensitive information, such as a donor’s credit card number collected for a commerce transaction, is also encrypted prior to transmission.
See E-Commerce, below, for more information regarding our secure third-party vendors.
Although CFBNJ operates secure data networks, no Internet transmission can be guaranteed 100% secure. While we do everything we can to protect your data, you use this site and its services at your own risk.
Unsubscribing from our Mailing List
If you provide personal information, we may occasionally use it to contact you to (i) request your participation in a survey, (ii) register for certain activities and events; (iii) request voluntary time; (iv) request monetary contributions; and/or (v) provide you with relevant information about our programs and services.
If your information changes (such as your e-mail address or zip code), please contact info@cfbnj.org to update your information.
If you are receiving electronic communications from CFBNJ and you decide at any time that you no longer wish to hear from us, you can use the “unsubscribe” link provided in each email to remove yourself from our mailing list.  You may also send an email to info@cfbnj.org to request removal from our mailing list or if you no longer desire to be a volunteer with CFBNJ.
Children’s Privacy
None of the content and information on CFBNJ’s website is targeted toward children under 13 years of age. We make every effort possible to ensure that we do not collect or maintain information on our website from those we know to be younger than 16 unless parental consent has been obtained in writing.
Standard Web Server Traffic Pattern Information
General website traffic, site usage and length of stay information is collected from visitors to our website. We use this information to analyze usage trends, administer the site, and track our users’ movements across our site for aggregate use. This information will not reveal, nor is it associated with your personal identity.
E-Commerce
Donations and other contributions and payments are handled on our website by a third party, Stripe, based in San Francisco, CA. To learn more about Stripe, visit their website at https://www.stripe.com.
Our peer-to-peer fundraising technology is hosted by Blackbaud, Inc. To learn more about Blackbaud, visit their website at https://www.blackbaud.com.
Tickets to our events are handled on our website by a third party, OneCause.  To learn more about OneCause, visit their website at https://www.onecause.com.
External Links
Our Privacy Statement applies only to your use of the CFBNJ website. Our site may contain links to other sites, but we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the material or policies of those websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information they may be collecting from you.
Contact Us
If you have specific questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like access to the personal information you have provided CFBNJ, please contact us at info@cfbnj.org or write to:}
The Community FoodBank of New Jersey
31 Evans Terminal
Hillside, NJ 07205
Thank you for visiting our website.