https://chchcatholic.nz/contact-us/privacy-policy/
The Catholic Diocese of Christchurch (Diocese) is committed to protecting the privacy of users of its websites and social media properties through compliance with this privacy policy (Policy).
This Policy applies to all the personal information that the Diocese collects from you, or that you provide on all of the Diocese websites (whether permanent or temporary), including the following websites: chchcatholic.nz, cyt.org.nz, chchceo.org.nz, cathsocservs.nzl.org, cdf.org.nz (each a Website).
General
By using a Website, you accept the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing a Website.
Personal information
The Diocese may collect personal information from you in a number of ways, including but not limited to, when you visit a Website, register on a Website, register for an event, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with activities, features or resources the Diocese makes available on a Website.
You may be asked to provide your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and credit card details. You may visit a Websites anonymously. The Diocese will collect personal information from you only if you voluntarily submit this information to the Diocese. You may refuse to provide personal information, except it may prevent you from participating in certain Website related activities. The extent of and the exact personal information that is collected from you may vary from time to time depending on the circumstances, such as the nature of the transactions and dealings with you, the extent and nature of the registration, or the desired form of communication.
Non-personal information
The Diocese may collect non-personal information from you when you visit a Website. Non-personal information may include your IP address, the search terms you used, the pages you accessed on the Websites and the links you clicked on, the date and time you visited the Websites, the referring site (if any) through which you clicked through to a Websites, your operating system, the type of web browser you use, and other matters such as screen resolution and the language setting of your browser.
Why the Diocese collects information
The Diocese collects personal information for the primary purpose of fulfilling registrations and communicating with you.
Use of information
The Diocese uses the information provided by you for the primary purpose of fulfilling registrations and communicating with you. The Diocese may also use your information for administration, survey, promotional, marketing and accounting purposes, or such other purposes required by law or regulatory authority.
If you decide to be part of the mailing list of the Diocese, you will receive email communications that may include news, updates, event information and survey information. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from the mailing list, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the relevant email communication or contact the Diocese.
Disclosing your personal information
The Diocese will not disclose your personal information to third parties, except where it is necessary for organisational purposes or required by law or by a regulatory authority.
The Diocese may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal information regarding you or users of a Website with business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers of the Diocese for the purposes outlined above. The Diocese may use third party service providers to assist the Diocese to administer events or activities on behalf of the Diocese, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. The Diocese may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given your permission.
Security
The Diocese uses a range of security mechanisms and procedures to protect the information it holds about users to a Website.
The financial information collected from you when the Diocese processes your online credit card payment is collected on a secure server that uses the latest encryption technology. This information is strictly confidential, and the only people who have access to this information are the people processing your payment, being Direct Payment Solutions. Please refer to their privacy policy. Our e-commerce sites use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
Personal information that is no longer required will be destroyed in accordance with the legislation.
Website browser cookies
The Websites may use cookies to enhance your experience when using the Websites.
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computer. Cookies are stored on the hard drive of your computer. Each Website can send its own cookies to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it. However, to protect your privacy, your browser permits a website to access only those cookies it sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Some cookies are essential for the Websites to operate. You can choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you refuse cookies, then some parts of the Websites may not function properly.
Independent websites
This Policy will not apply to independent websites which are linked to a Website, over which the Diocese has no control.
You may find advertising or other content on a Website that link to other independent websites. The Diocese does not control the content or links that appear on these independent websites and the Diocese is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from a Website. These independent websites may have their own privacy policies and will treat the information they collect about you according to these policies. The Diocese encourages you to review these privacy policies before providing any information to third parties. The Diocese is not responsible for the accuracy of any third party’s privacy policy or for ensuring that third parties comply with their privacy policies.
Amendment to Privacy Policy
The Diocese has the discretion to amend this Policy at any time without notice. You are responsible for reviewing the amended privacy policy. By continuing to use a Website, you agree to be bound by the then current version of this Policy. The Diocese encourages you to check this page regularly to stay informed about how the Diocese is collecting, using and protecting your personal information.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, the practices of a Website, or your dealings with a Website, please contact us at:
web@chch.catholic.org.nz
03 366 9869
Recent Posts
Christmas Mass times
Royal Commission of Inquiry into Abuse in Care
Video Testimonies
Mass Times
Fr John Morrison RIP
Recent Comments
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
December 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
February 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
Categories
Uncategorized
Sounds Catholic
Inform
Vacancy
Meta
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
No Widgets
"Secondary" needs some widgets.