https://chestercountylaw.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Attorney Profile
Practice Areas
Alimony
Divorce
Child Custody
Child Support
Spousal Support
Blog
Contact
About Our Firm
Last Updated: March 3, 2019
Kelly Family Law, PLLC strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party. Period.
How we gather information from users
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site. Like most Web sites, Kelly Family Law, PLLC also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
What we do with the information we collect
Like other Web publishers, we collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone.
Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on Kelly Family Law, PLLC to communicate with you about your registration and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by Kelly Family Law, PLLC and other topics we think you might find of interest.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Kelly Family Law, PLLC may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, administration of sweepstakes and contests, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. In addition, from time to time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
Kelly Family Law, PLLC expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a Kelly Family Law, PLLC page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through Kelly Family Law, PLLC you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Kelly Family Law, PLLC is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.
While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. Kelly Family Law, PLLC does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Kelly Family Law, PLLC and this policy.
Children
Kelly Family Law, PLLC does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Kelly Family Law, PLLC has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.
Contacting Us.
We can be reached by contacting:
Kelly Family Law, PLLC
Email: metlaw@rocketmail.com
Changes to this Policy
Kelly Family Law, PLLC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Pennsylvania law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Philadelphia, PA. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Philadelphia, PA, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
Kelly Family Law, PLLC is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Pennsylvania. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Our Office
Exton Office
674 Exton Commons
Exton, Pennsylvania19341
Phone: 484-899-9000
Fax: 610-344-9299
Kelly Family Law, PLLC
5.0
Based on 5 reviews
Dave Stallard 19:37 12 Dec 19
Elizabeth Kelly is an excellent family lawyer. She will do everything she can to help make your situation as agreeable...
as possible. I found she was excellent representation for me, being a male who takes care of his children and wants nothing more than what's best for them. She understood my situation and she will work for you! Hire her you won't be disappointed.read more
L Bueno 19:33 07 Sep 19
I was competently represented by Liz for 3 years during a very difficult divorce. She was knowledgeable, had my best...
interest at heart and steered me in the right direction along each step. During the three years, Liz valued my opinions, reassured me of my doubts, and always explained the process. She cared about me as a person and that’s a quality not many attorneys posses. Liz can navigate the system from the most straightforward to the most difficult cases.
Thank you, Lizread more
Jennifer Reynolds 22:47 10 Aug 19
Fantastic experience during the most stressful time of my life! Liz did what was necessary to end a stalemate divorce...
as
quickly as possible. Highly highly recommend!read more
Lars Vetland 22:21 25 Jul 19
Kelly Law has helped me and my family through some serious obstacles. Whatever situation
arises I am confident I have...
the best team on my side.
When it comes to legal issues you need someone who has the experience and knowledge of the courts and everyone involved. Liz is that lawyer!!read more
Daniel Pishock 14:41 12 Jul 19
Kelly Family Law, PLLC are experts in their field, period.
Next Reviews
Contact, Like or Follow
facebook
linkedin
mail