https://choicematters.org/privacy-policy/
FAQs
Volunteer
At Westchester Coalition for Legal Abortion – Choice Matters (WCLA – Choice Matters), we are committed to protecting your privacy online. Our privacy policy explains the information practices WCLA – Choice Matters employs related to:
* How we protect your information
* How we use your information
* How to unsubscribe from mailing lists
* How to correct information you provided
* How to contact us about privacy
Our site links to a number of other websites. WCLA -Choice Matters is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these websites.
How do we protect your information?
At WCLA – Choice Matters, we are putting forth every effort to ensure the security and privacy of the information that you share with us online. Remember that steps you take to help protect the privacy of your personal information, such as safeguarding your passwords and using a firewall if you have broadband access to the Internet. Our website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. Our server is located in a locked, secure environment.
When you contribute online, we use a secure server and SSL to protect your credit card number and other personal information during the transmission. SSL is short for Secure Sockets Layer, a protocol developed by Netscape for secure transmission of private information over the Internet. SSL works by using a private key to encrypt data that are transmitted over the SSL connection. Both Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer browsers support SSL, and websites use SSL when users transmit confidential information such as credit card numbers.
How do we use the information you provide to WCLA – Choice Matters?
When you volunteer online or make a contribution we ask that you provide WCLA – Choice Matters with contact information including: name, mailing address, e-mail address and political party affiliation. Unless you opt out, we will use your e-mail address to send you updates on reproductive health issues. We may also send you action alerts asking you to contact your representatives regarding urgent issues affecting reproductive rights. Additionally, you may receive periodic fundraising communications. You may remove your name from our e-mailing lists at any time by emailing a request to choicematters@choicematters.org.
We use your address information to keep you updated about candidates who support or oppose reproductive rights. You may remove your name from all of our volunteer and activist lists by sending your request to choicematters@choicematters.org. We do not share our volunteer or activist lists with any other site or any other non-WCLA – Choice Matters entity.
When you make a credit card contribution online: WCLA – Choice Matters requires you provide us with our name, mailing address and email address, we also ask for your telephone number and political party affiliation. You may choose to provide the optional information, but you are not required to do so. By providing us with this contact information, you allow us to quickly contact you concerning federal legislation, our grassroots efforts and new publications such as our newsletter, op-eds, radio programs, judicial nominations, and debates.
WCLA -Choice Matters may exchange or rent our list of names and mailing addresses to other organizations unless you use the opt-out feature on the contribution page. We do not exchange e-mail addresses.
Unless you opt out, we may use the information you provide us when you contribute by mail or online, or when you download a form from our website to contact you for other purposes or to solicit you for additional contributions.
WCLA – Choice Matters receives mailing lists from other organizations and as a result, you may receive mailings or e-mail from us.
Information on Children:
WCLA – Choice Matters does not specifically ask children under 18 for any information and does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about them.
Unsubscribing from WCLA – Choice Matters
If at any time, you wish to cease receiving communications from us, you may e-mail us at choicematters@choicematters.org or send a written request to WCLA. If you need to process a change to your email address, you can send your requested changes by mail or e-mail.
Correcting Your Information
If you need to correct or update your information, please send an e-mail to choicematters@choicematters.org and we will give you instructions on how to use our secure online member update form.
Contacting us about privacy
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the information we have collected from you online, the practices of this site or your interaction with this website, send an e-mail to choicematters@choicematters.org
You can also reach us via US Mail at:
Privacy
Westchester Coalition for Legal Abortion- Choice Matters
235 Mamaroneck Ave.
White Plains, New York 10605
Stay Informed!
Recent Posts
CM’s Catherine Lederer-Plaskett Named One of Westchester Power 100
GEORGIA – Let’s take it to the next level!
Voting Third Party? Think Again!
RBG – May Her Memory be a Revolution*
Medication Abortions Under Attack
Suzanne Berger – Making History
Faith-Based
Healthcare – NYC Field Hospital Run by Evangelical Christians
Another Possible Victim of the COVID-19
Abortion: An Essential Service?
NO IDC in DC – The Action!
Call to Action-HELP Minors in Post Sexual Assault Circumstances
Tuesday was a GREAT Day!
On My Mind
The Story of Pirro & Why Choice Matters’ Questionnaire Matters
Early Voting – New York State 2019
Join us – Honor Assemblywoman Amy Paulin
The HATE GROUP FOF in Times Square
In Somers!
Is IDC behavior back in style?
It’s official – the Reproductive Health Act is Law!