https://chrestfoundation.org/index.php/privacy-policy/
Print Friendly Version
Thank you for visiting the Chrest Foundation web site. To alleviate any concerns you may have regarding the use of the information collected during your visit to our web site, we’ve developed the Chrest Foundation Privacy Policy outlined below. This Policy may be updated from time to time, so please check back occasionally. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us here translation.
Information Collected
The Chrest Foundation allows its users to gain a better understanding about our programs and philosophy. The types of personally identifying information that may be collected about you throughout the web site, include: name, address, telephone numbers, fax number, email address, and organization information.
The Chrest Foundation does not collect your personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don’t require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our web site.
How Information is Used
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests submitted throughout this web site. We will not provide you unsolicited promotional information. We sometimes use this information to contact you regarding feedback we might receive from you.
Cookies
Our web site has limited use of “cookie” technology. We may place a “cookie” in the browser file of your computer, however the “cookie” itself does not contain any personally identifying information about you. The “cookie” does not track your personal information or provide us with any way to contact you, and the “cookie” does not extract any information off your computer. We use the “cookie” as necessary to provide messaging functionality.
Privacy Policy Changes
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information, as described above, by the Chrest Foundation. If we make any changes to our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the Chrest Foundation, please contact us here or use the following address:
Chrest Foundation130 East John Carpenter Freeway, Suite 460Irving, Texas 75062 USA
Buy now