http://christthepriest.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the Confraternity of Christ The Priest collects, uses, stores, archives and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of this Web site.
PrivacyUsers’ privacy is very important to the Confraternity of Christ The Priest. the Confraternity of Christ The Priest is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to the Confraternity of Christ The Priest. If any User is under the age of 17, that User should not submit any information without the permission of that User’s parents.
Information we Collect
The Confraternity of Christ The Priest may collect personally-identifiable information from Users through applications on the Web site that allow the User to request contact with the Confraternity of Christ The Priest personnel on topics of interest. Except for such applications, the Confraternity of Christ The Priest does not collect personally-identifiable information from Users through this Web site.
The Confraternity of Christ The Priest may collect aggregated, anonymous data about Users, including, for example, the number of unique views received by the Web site, the domains from which such Users originate, and similar information that does not identify any particular User.
A Note about CookiesSome Web sites use “cookies” to track their users. A cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on your PC and retrieve later. This Web site does not plant cookies in the PCs of its users.
How We Use InformationIf a User submits personally-identifiable information, the Confraternity of Christ The Priest may use that information to contact the User regarding The Confraternity of Christ The Priest or the Confraternity of Christ The Priest partners’ products and services. The Confraternity of Christ The Priest will not use such personally-identifiable information for any other purpose.
The Confraternity of Christ The Priest uses aggregated, anonymous data for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the Confraternity of Christ The Priests’ marketing, advertising and sales efforts. The Confraternity of Christ The Priest does not use such anonymous information for any other purpose.
Access to This InformationWe do not disclose personally-identifiable information to third parties, other than subcontractors who are acting on our behalf and who are subject to appropriate confidentiality safeguards. We may disclose aggregated, anonymous data to investors and potential partners.
Storage of InformationAll information collected from Users of this Web site is stored on secured media at The Confraternity of Christ The Priests’ premises or on a secure server. We use industry standard security measures to protect any personal information you may provide to us. However, we cannot guarantee that your submissions to our Web site, any content residing on our servers, or any transmissions from our server will be completely secure.
Changes
The Confraternity of Christ The Priest may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy was last revised in March, 2008…
Questions
Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email via our Contact Page