http://christianmovies.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Catalog
Alphabetical
Rich Christiano Films
Dave Christiano Films
Bible Movies
Documentaries
Feature Length
Movies Under 60 Minutes
Movies For Missions
Prophecy & End Times
Ray Comfort DVDs
7th Street Theater Series
Russ Doughten Films
Spanish
Specials
DVD Packs
DVDs Under $10
DVDs Under $7
DVDs Under $2
Public Showings
Play The Flute Tickets
Account
Privacy policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for ChristianMovies.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and how it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe use technologies, such as cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features, to re-market to users who have visited the site, and to analyze traffic to the site. We use trusted third party services, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, to help us process, collect, and monitor activity on the site and follow up with users. While using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, phone number, and email. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Re-marketing and CookiesChristianMovies.com may choose to run re-marketing campaigns to its website visitors. The purpose of these ads will be to keep people informed about ChristianMovies.com, as well as related products, events, and causes.Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may show our ads to you on sites across the Internet. These third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to ChristianMovies.com.CookiesOur website may from time to time to use cookies and log files for statistical analysis, to understand user behavior, to administer the site, to tailor the information presented to the a user based on their preferences, and to improve user experience. Any information gathered by our use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions a http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you disable cookies. Further information about cookies can be found here: www.allaboutcookies.org.GoogleOur website uses Google Analytics and Adwords pixels provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our website, compile reports on website activity for website operators, and prove other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained here: http://www.google.com/privacy.html You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s ads settings here: http://www.google.com/settings/ads. To opt out of third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspFacebook Our website also utilizes Facebook custom audiences and Facebook pixels provided by Facebook Inc. The Facebook pixel allows us to track users on the site and connect their actions back to advertising. We do not see the personal data of individual users, but the data is saved and processed by Facebook. We also use Facebook custom audiences to deliver advertisements based on email addresses we have collected. You can learn more about Facebook Custom Audiences here: https://www.facebook.com/business/help/744354708981227 Please go to this link if you would like to revoke your permission: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/Your Access and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWhen you submit sensitive information via the website, we endeavor to protect your information. The internet is not a secure medium. However, we take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Thanks for visiting our website. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the email address or phone number given on our website.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh