https://christ-presbyterian-dev.squarespace.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Our Story
Staff & Officers
Beliefs
Worship
Missions
Calendar
Sermon Library
Resources
Contact Us
New Here?
Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions1. TermsBy accessing the web site at http://www.cpcmobile.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Christ Presbyterian Church's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Christ Presbyterian Church's web site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Christ Presbyterian Church at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.3. DisclaimerThe materials on Christ Presbyterian Church's web site are provided "as is". Christ Presbyterian Church makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Christ Presbyterian Church does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall Christ Presbyterian Church or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Christ Presbyterian Church's Internet site, even if Christ Presbyterian Church or a Christ Presbyterian Church authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on Christ Presbyterian Church's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Christ Presbyterian Church does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Christ Presbyterian Church may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Christ Presbyterian Church does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksChrist Presbyterian Church has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Christ Presbyterian Church of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.7. Age of ConsentBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.8. Site Terms of Use ModificationsChrist Presbyterian Church may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.9. Governing LawAny claim relating to Christ Presbyterian Church's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Alabama witthout regard to its conflict of law provisions.Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us, and it is Christ Presbyterian Church's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.The following outlines our privacy policy:Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.We are committed to conducting our organization in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Christ Presbyterian Church may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Christ Presbyterian Church's sole discretion.Questions and Contact InformationIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our office at churchchrist@bellsouth.net or by mail at Christ Presbyterian Church[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer][2131 Cody Rd, Mobile, AL, 36695, United States]