https://christianbookproposals.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footerChristian Book ProposalsWriter/Author
Publisher/Agent
Home
About
How-To
Create Your Proposal
Purchase
Resources
Publishing Options
Writing Your Proposal
Finding an Agent
Writers’ Events
Other Resources
Questions?
Create An Account
Sign In
Terms of Use
Authors’ Terms of Use for the Christian Book Proposal Site
By using this site and/or submitting a proposal, manuscript, or other content (as used in these terms, a “Proposal”) to the Christian Book Proposals Site, you agree to be legally bound to these Terms of Use.
ECPA has taken the following measures to protect Proposals:
Access to Proposals is restricted via a password to authorized employees of ECPA member publishers.
Publishers are required to acknowledge that each Proposal is a proprietary, copyrighted work owned by its author and may not be used without written permission of the author.
Publisher employees accessing the site are cross-checked to confirm that they are still employed by the Publisher.
ECPA recommends that each author submitting a Proposal to the site register copyright in the Proposal with the U.S. Copyright Office. ECPA also recommends including a copyright notice in your Proposal in the form of © [year], [author]. Copyright registration is not necessary to submit your Proposal. However, ECPA suggests that you register copyright shortly after submitting your Proposal if you have not already done so. Registration forms and instructions may be found at www.copyright.gov.
The Christian Book Proposals Site is designed to be a web-based submittal service. Any paper Proposals submitted to this service can not be distributed or returned to the author.
You may use the Site for lawful purposes only. You agree not to submit or transmit through the Site any Proposal or any other material, or otherwise engage in any conduct, that violates or infringes the rights of others; is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortious, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions of a sexual or other inappropriate nature; victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals; impersonates any person, business or entity, including ECPA and its employees and agents; contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network; encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, or that gives rise to civil liability; violates these Terms of Use, guidelines or any policy posted on the site, or interferes with the use of Site by others.
ECPA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of the Site, for any reason, with or without notice.  By way of example but not limitation, ECPA may cancel your password and otherwise prohibit your access to the Site and/or ability to post Proposals to the Site in the event that your payment does not process correctly or ECPA determines, in its sole discretion, that you or a Proposal you submit violates these Terms of Use, in which case your submission fee will not be refunded.
You represent and warrant that the Proposal is original to you and does not infringe the proprietary rights of any other party, defame any individual or organization, constitute a violation of the privacy of any individual, or otherwise damage anyone.
You agree that ECPA’s sole responsibility to you is to comply with these Terms of Use. You agree that, in the event of any breach of these Terms of Use by ECPA, your sole and exclusive remedy at law or in equity will be the refund of the submission fee paid for the Proposal and you agree that ECPA will under no circumstances be liable to you or to any other party for any other amount. You agree to hold harmless and indemnify ECPA and its officers, directors, employees, and agents against any actions, claims, demands, or proceedings (each, a “Claim”) arising from or out of your use of this Site, your submission of any Proposal, or any breach or alleged breach of your representations, warranties, or obligations under these Terms of Use and to reimburse ECPA for all costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by ECPA in defending or addressing such Claim. ECPA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
By registering for this Site you acknowledge that you are at least 18 years of age and of legal capacity to sign a contract. If not, please ask your parent or legal guardian to submit the application on your behalf.
Publishers’ Terms of Use
By accessing the Site, you acknowledge that you are an authorized employee of an ECPA member publisher (the “Publisher”) with a valid subscription to the Site. The Publisher acknowledges and agrees that each proposal (“Proposal”) posted by an author on this Site is a proprietary and copyrighted work owned by its author and may not be used without written permission of the author. Publisher represents and warrants that it and its employees and agents will not infringe upon the rights of any Proposal or to use any Proposal in a fashion that would require a license under U.S. Copyright law without first securing the written approval of the author of the Proposal.
The Publisher agrees to hold harmless and indemnify ECPA and its officers, directors, employees, and agents against any actions, claims, demands, or proceedings (each, a “Claim”) arising from or out of its use of this Site, its use of any Proposal, or any breach or alleged breach of its representations, warranties, or obligations under these Terms of Use and to reimburse ECPA for all costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by ECPA in defending or addressing such Claim. ECPA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING USE OF THE SITE OR THE PROPOSALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT ANY PROPOSAL DOES NOT INFRINGE UPON, DEFAME, OR OTHERWISE CAUSE DAMAGE TO PUBLISHER OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY.
The ChristianBookProposals.com website really simplified the proposal process.  The critique & edit service I used encouraged me every step of the way and only after a few months in the database, my proposal was picked up by a publisher!Dan Hochhalter, authorAfter three years of trying to get an agent, let alone a publisher to look at my manuscript, I gave this service a try. Within weeks I was contacted, and within months I was holding a contract. Let me encourage aspiring authors to don't give up! ChristianBookProposals.com is a great tool to help give your book the exposure it needs.Pastor Greg Dutcher, authorWhen you are a new, un-agented writer, getting a manuscript or even a proposal reading by a well-known publishing house can be extremely difficult. The ChristianBookProposals.com service bridged the distance between me and trusted publishing houses by providing a meeting ground that was truly the starting point for my career as a novelist.Susan Meissner, authorWe have secured two books on ChristianBookProposals.com. We regularly check the database and appreciate the professionally written proposals of interesting book ideas.Discovery House PublishersChristianBookProposals.com is a quick and easy way to find interesting projects.  We signed two authors from this site within twelve months and continue to check for new proposals on a regular basis.Bethany House/ Baker Publishing Group
ChristianBookProposals.com is the most efficient, cost-effective way for first-time authors to share their work with members of the ECPA, and for publishers to find exactly what they’re looking for. Everybody wins.Harvest House PublishersChristianBookProposals.com is a great tool for discovering new voices. We have already acquired a few titles for our digital-first line, and we regularly check the site for interesting submissions.David C CookFooter
Copyright © 2020.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Authors Toolbox
Sign Up For Updates
Christian Book Proposals
HomeAboutHow-To
Create Your ProposalPurchase Back
Resources
Publishing OptionsWriting Your ProposalFinding an AgentWriters’ EventsOther Resources Back
Questions?Create An AccountSign In
× Close Panel