https://christianity.org.uk/privacy-policy
Christianity cookies notice
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. We have published a cookies policy, which you should read to find out more about how we use cookies. By clicking 'Continue' you agree to allow us to collect information through cookies.
Continue
Search
The Basics
Go Deeper
Help me God
Join our newsletter
Subscribe above
Close Search
Privacy policy
The Christian Enquiry Agency (CEA) is a charity registered in the United Kingdom (UK Registered Charity Number 1152730). The charity was set up by Churches Together in England. It is now an independent registered charity.
CEA takes its responsibilities for the protection of personal data very seriously. We have robust data protection and safeguarding policies in place. When you give us personal information, we promise that it will only be used for the purpose that you have requested. By using our website or providing us with your personal data you agree to your personal data being used and stored in the manner set out in this policy.
This is how we use your data:
Personal data and information is never passed on to another agency without your consent.
We will only contact you by email, unless you have requested books from us. These will be sent by post. We never phone or visit an enquirer.
Prayer requests that are sent to CEA are copied – without names – onto a list that is emailed to a large number of CEA supporters who pray to God about the situations. This happens every week.
The personal information supplied to the website is held securely in the CEA office.
If you are requesting a response, your message is forwarded to a carefully vetted CEA staff member or volunteer.
If you are 18 and over, the ongoing email conversation is completely confidential.
If you are under 18 the email conversation is copied to a CEA trustee in accordance with the CEA Safeguarding Policy, available on request.
If you are under 13 we regret that we cannot continue an email correspondence with you.
The exception to the above may be in the event of a disclosure of abuse, in accordance with the CEA Safeguarding Policy.
Boxhead, www.boxhead.io, which supports the computer system and administration of the CEA, has satisfactory data protection policies, security and procedures in place.
Any enquiry about your personal data held by the CEA should be made by email to data@christianity.org.uk. You may ask for your data to be deleted.
Complaints
If you have a complaint, in the first instance please contact the chair of the CEA trustees, the Revd Jo Cox-Darling, at our office address: The Christian Enquiry Agency, Wilson Carlile Centre, 50 Cavendish Street, Sheffield S3 7RZ.
Your rights
We are committed to fulfilling our obligations to you under the General Data Protection Regulation according to our lawful basis for processing. Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR you have the following rights to:
be informed (chiefly through this privacy notice)
request a copy of your personal data
request we correct the personal data we hold for you
request that your personal data is erased
object to the processing of your personal data
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
To exercise these rights please contact us at info@christianity.org.uk.
You can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office for further information or to make a complaint:
The Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF. UK
Telephone: +44 (0)303 123 1113
Email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email