https://christianlifechurch.cc/privacy-policy/
About Us
Ministries
Events
Contact
Give
We are a . . .
Lighthouse
Hospital
Spiritual Mother
Our History
Service Times
About Us
Our Vision
Our Beliefs
Our Pastor
Ministers
Men'sGet Connected
Women'sGet Involved
MissionsMissions Home
MultimediaDownloads and More
MusicMusic Ministry
ScholarshipScholarship Ministry
View All Ministries
Outreach
Evangelism
Prison Ministry
Visitation
Grief Ministry
Needy Ministry
Family
Little Lambs
Children's
Youth & Young Adults
Sunday School
Events
Come visit us at one of our exciting upcoming events.
Learn More
Featured Events
Live Stream Service
Live on Periscope with ...
Contact Us
Contact us here for more information or to submit a prayer request with our team.
Learn More
6605 Liberty Road | Baltimore, MD 21207
410-298-LIFE  |
Give
It’s very important for each believer to understand the priority of seeking God’s kingdom in their lives.
This not only includes the giving of the different areas of our lives but giving financially also.
Learn More
Give Now
Privacy Policy
We value your trust. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to our organization online.
Information We Collect
We collect information from visitors on our Web site through online requests including:
E-newsletters
Contact Requests
The information we collect online includes name, address, city, state, ZIP/postal code, telephone number, e-mail address. In order to continuously improve our service and meet your needs we may also ask you to provide information specific to your organization.
How the Information is Used
We use your information to communicate with you, and understand your needs to provide you with better service. We may use your information to complete a transaction, to update you on projects or to personalize our Web site for you. We also provide you the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing lists, if you desire to do so. Please review the corresponding section of this privacy policy below.
In addition, we will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information.
Sharing of Personal Information
We never sell, rent, lease or exchange your personal information with other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all who contact us through this Web site will be kept confidential.
Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you have visited. We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Links to Outside Sites
This Web site links to documents located on Web sites maintained by other organizations or individuals. Once you access a link to another Web site, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Removal from Our Mailing List
We give you the opportunity to remove your name from our postal mailing list so that you do not receive any future communications. If you desire to permanently remove your name, you can contact us. If you determine that our information about you is inaccurate or it has changed, you may also modify information by contacting customer service.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our online privacy policy, or would like more information about us, or are experiencing technical trouble, please contact us.
Home  |
About Us  |
Ministries  |
Events  |
Contact  |
Give
© Copyright 2020 Christian Life Church. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Share This
Church Media Group