https://christianlifemissions.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Christian Life Missions, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to send you information about the latest products and services and to learn from you about new products and services that you would like us to provide. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How will we use it?
When you sign up for our newsletters, we need to know your e-mail address, first and last name. We gather this information only to get a better understanding of who you are and better serve you. We may use your name in order to personalize communications we have with you.
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are a form of information that can be stored on your computer by a web server for a variety of reasons. The CLM (SCO) uses cookies, but our online visitors should be assured that cookies are simply used by us to facilitate automated activity that:
Passes no significant information about the user to the Internet or to CLM
Is not analyzed to yield any information. We use “cookies” for the following interaction with our websites:
Navigation and Personalization:
Some actions that a user may take in SCO, particularly during web publishing, may cause us to take the user through a series of steps that can be entered from a variety of locations. To make sure that we return the user to where they expect to be when they complete these steps, SCO will frequently send the user’s browser a cookie to mark their current location. This sort of web server “bookmark” helps us to provide a positive, predictable user experience for more sophisticated operations. If you choose to personalize your online visit with us by providing your name and city, we set a permanent cookie to display the information each time you visit. This “cookie” can be disabled or removed within your browser settings. However, browsers that have cookies disabled will always remain at “guest” status. We also use them to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.
We do not use cookies for any other purpose, although this may change as we offer new features.
Bulletin Board, Forums and Online Chat
This site may have chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. SCO is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security of Information Collected
The customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. CLM maintains personal information gathered online in a secure environment protected from unauthorized third party access, alteration, or misuse. Information collected from online visitors is stored on database and other servers kept in secure locations under the custody and control of CLM or its third party vendors. COL also uses technologies and processes such as encryption, access control procedures and network firewalls to protect such servers. User accounts and related information are password protected using industry-standard, commercially reasonable methods. CLM makes commercially reasonable efforts to protect such information and to limit its use and disclosure of such information as described herein, but cannot guarantee that such efforts will be successful.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child’s request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to websites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent’s permission before sharing personal information online. Any questions regarding the information we collect from children or our parental consent policy should be directed to:
Customer Service
Charisma Media
600 Rinehart Rd.
Lake Mary, FL 32746
(407) 333-0600
custsvc@charismamedia.com
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You will not receive these updates by snail mail or email.
Follow Us
Topics
Children
Christian Persecution
Disaster Relief
Domestic Abuse
Dr. Alveda King Blog
Education
Evangelism
Evangelism
Health Care
Isreal
Myra Goldfarb Blog
Projects
Trafficking
Uncategorized
Women
Pin It on Pinterest