https://christianliferesources.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the Website of Christian Life Resources (CLR). Here is what visitors to our Website can expect in terms of privacy.
Security
The security of sensitive, financial information is important to us. CLR takes technical and physical steps to protect sensitive, financial information that you provide to us. In addition, this Website uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to transmit all sensitive information between your web browser and our server. All local storage of personal information is safe guarded with our best effort.
If you send credit card information to us using a secure SSL enabled page on our website (denoted by https:// before a URL), we will encrypt this information between your web browser and our server. Other information that you send through this Website, including e-mail messages, will not be encrypted unless we advise you otherwise. Although our Website has industry standard security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of the information that is under our control, we cannot guarantee complete security.
E-mail Address Collection
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, through our Website, or any other method. Examples include online surveys, subscription to an email service, or providing an e-mail address for any other purpose.
Mailing Address Collection
We collect mailing addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, through our Website, or any other method. Examples include registrations and inquiries.
Telephone Number Collection
We collect telephone numbers of those who communicate with us via e-mail, through our Website, or any other method. Examples include registrations and inquiries.
Cookies and Other Collected Information
Our server will automatically collect general information about your visit to our Website such as IP Address, web browser version, referring server, and pages visited. Your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information will not be collected unless you provide it to us.
When you visit our Website, we may place a cookie on your computer that allows us to record session information and provide access to information that requires online registration. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us for the purpose of online registration.
Website Use
We collect aggregate information on what pages our visitors access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors.
Use of Collected Information
E-mail addresses, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers collected by Christian Life Resources will be used for the following purposes:
To mail a free copy of each subsequent edition of Clearly Caring, the official periodical of Christian Life Resources.
To mail various opportunities to financially support the work of Christian Life Resources and its affiliated or related ministries.
To communicate with a party related to a question, order of material, order from a store, or any such communication requiring personal one-to-one inquiry for clarification, information, or communication.
Christian Life Resources does not and will not sell or trade contact information with third parties. Christian Life Resources may directly use contact information to expose contacts with third party products and information, but the contact information is not ever turned over to a third party for any reason. It will be up to the contact to share such information with the third party if desired.
Other Websites and Links
Our Website contains links to other outside Websites not under our control. If you choose to use any of these links, protection of your privacy at these linked Websites will be governed by the privacy policy of that Website. Christian Life Resources is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Websites or the use of any information that you provide. Links to outside Websites not produced by Christian Life Resources is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement of a linked Website’s content.
Privacy with Respect to Minors
We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Fair Use of Copyrighted Works
The information on this Website is provided to users for the purpose of education – personal education on life and family issues, as well as scholarship and research. Under the Fair Use Provision of the Copyright Act, it is acceptable to use copyrighted works for these purposes. Any commercial use of the information provided here requires permission from the author(s).
Changes in Policy
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time and without prior notice. Your continued use of this Website after these changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes with regard to information collected and other policies and practices.
Questions or Concerns?
If you have a specific question or concern regarding our policies detailed above, please contact us.
Please consider a gift to help us share the message of grace.
Donate Give Monthly
Sign Up
FOR CLR MINISTRY UPDATES