http://christchurchlondon.org/terms-of-use/
Close
Church at home
Sunday
Bethnal Green
Central London
Covent Garden
Stockwell
Sutton
About
Vision and Beliefs
Team
Covid-19 Information
Contact
Get Connected
Church life
Connect Groups
Families
Alpha
STEPS
Pastoral support
Social action
Caring for our City
Exploring faith
Giving
Resources
Talks
Connect Group Resources
Prayer
Worship
Calendar
Church at home
Terms of use
Please read through our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with them, please do not use the website. If you do use the website, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use.
This website www.christchurchlondon.org is owned and managed by ChristChurch London. We are a charity registered in England and Wales (number 111950). Our company number is 05546205 and our registered office is at The Matrix Complex, 91 Peterborough Road, London SW6 3BU.
For the purposes of these terms of use, ‘us’, ‘we’ and ‘our’ refer to ChristChurch London.
Use
This website is made available for your private or personal use, or otherwise in pursuit of ChristChurch London’s charitable objects, subject to our Terms.
You agree to only use the website for lawful purposes and in a manner which does not infringe the rights or restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of the site by any third party.
You must not knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses or any other harmful programs that could harm computer software or hardware.
Although we will use reasonable efforts to keep the information on our website up to date and correct we cannot guarantee it will be complete and accurate and we cannot take responsibility for any inaccuracies, omissions or errors attributable to the author of such materials.
In any event, any decision made by users of our website, on the basis of information supplied on the site, is the responsibility of the user. We do not accept liability (as far as permitted by law) for any loss arising from any use or reliance on information or links included in this website.
Except as specifically set out in these Terms of Use, to the fullest extent permissible by law, neither ChristChurch London nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or other representatives will be liable (whether under contract, tort or statute) for any of the following losses or damage (whether or not such losses were foreseeable):
•  Losses suffered by third parties
•  Loss of data
•  Loss of profit
•  Loss of revenue
•  Loss of business or opportunity
•  Loss of goodwill; or
•  Any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages
Arising from the use of the website, the inability to use the website, the results of the use of the website, any website linked to it or any material contained in the website and for the avoidance of doubt the losses listed immediately above are intended to be severable.
ChristChurch London is not responsible for ensuring the availability of this website or the timeliness or otherwise of any content or information being made available to you and we reserve the right to make changes to the site at any time without notice.
ChristChurch London also takes no responsibility for the content of external sites. Other websites that we link to are owned and operated by third parties and we have no control over them. The fact that we include links to other websites does not mean that we approve of or endorse any other third party website or the content of that website. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products or services that are published on or are accessible through any websites owners or operated by third parties.
As we also reserve the right to replace or modify these Terms of Use and any linked policies at any time without notice and we therefore advise that you check this page each time you use the site. Your continued use of the website after any such change constitutes acceptance of the relevant modified or new terms of use.
Information about you and your visits to the website
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy on the Privacy Policy section of the website. By using our website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all personal information provided by you is accurate.
Cookies
This site makes use of cookies to collect information about our visitors. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how people use the site, which in turn enables us to provide you with the best possible user experience.
By using the site, you consent to our use of cookies. If you would prefer not to use cookies on this website you can disable them in your browser, however this may reduce functionality on some pages. You can also opt out of Google Analytics with a browser plugin.
Linking to the website
You may link to any page on our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
The website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the website other than the home page. We reserve the right, at any time and for any reason not prohibited by law, to deny permission to anyone to link to our website and to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the Terms of Use.
Trademarks and copyright
Copyright, trademarks and all intellectual property rights on this website are the property of ChristChurch London, who have sole legal and beneficial title, except where we state otherwise. Compliance with copyright law is your liability.
Copying or distribution for any commercial or business use is not permitted without prior written consent from ChristChurch London.
All copyright, design rights and database rights and other intellectual property rights in the online services remain the sole property of ChristChurch London or its licensors.
Infringements
If you think our intellectual property rights are being infringed, or if you think we may be infringing someone else’s intellectual property rights, please contact office@christchurchlondon.org
Governing law
These Terms of Use are subject to English law. All claims or disputes (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with the use of the websites shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
If you have any queries please contact us at office@christchurchlondon.org
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Accept Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookie settings
Please review and set your cookie preferences below.
Please read our privacy policy for more information.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Non necessary cookies
non-necessary
Non necessary cookies are not required to enable core functionality but disabling them may cause certain areas of the website to display incorrectly.
Analytics cookies
analytics
We’d like to set Google Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our privacy page.
Performance cookies
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Advertisement cookies
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept