https://churchontheheath.org.uk/index.php/policies/
Skip to content
Our Policies
Personal security and safety are important to us, whether you are a visitor or a member of our church family.
Please find details of our Safeguarding Policy and Privacy Notice below.
Safeguarding Policy
Our Safeguarding officer is Julie Adams.
Her contact details are posted on our noticeboards.
You can e-mail her here or contact the church office (01252 400236) to get a message to her.
Safeguarding Policy Statement:
Safeguarding Children, Young People and Vulnerable Adults
The following policy was agreed at the ECC meeting held on 11th November 2019 :
1          As members of this ECC, we are committed to the safeguarding, care and nurture of all our members, particularly children, young people and vulnerable adults.
2          We recognise that our work with children, young people and vulnerable adults is the responsibility of the whole church community.
3          We are committed to implementing the House of Bishops’ Child Protection Policy ‘Protecting all God’s children’ 2010, Promoting a Safe Church 2006 (Safeguarding Policy for Adults)  and the Church of England’s Promoting a Safer Church Policy Statement 2017.
4          We will carefully select, and train, ordained and lay ministers, volunteers and paid workers with children, young people and vulnerable adults using all relevant tools, to check the background of each person.
5          We will take steps to protect children and adults when safeguarding concern of any kind arises, including notifying the Diocesan Safeguarding Advisor and statutory agencies immediately.
6          We will cooperate fully with statutory agencies during any investigation concerning a member of the church community.
7          We will seek to offer informed pastoral care to any child or children, young person or adult who has suffered abuse.
8          We will care for and supervise any member of our church community known to have offended against a child.
9          We will review this policy annually and as part of this process will ensure that all our procedures, particularly in relation to the Disclosure and Barring Service, are up to date.
10        Our Child Protection Contact is Julie Adams, whose contact details can be obtained from the Church Office and are available on various notice boards in the building.
Privacy Notice
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
The Ecumenical Church Council (ECC) of Church on the Heath, Fleet
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
The ECC of Church on the Heath, Fleet, is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
The ECC of Church on the Heath, Fleet, complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use appropriate personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in Elvetham Heath specifically and in the wider town of Fleet as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To promote and seek support for activities of Church on the Heath in finance, time and talents;
To manage our employees and support our volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at Church on the Heath;
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject, so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and keep you informed about other local events.
Processing is necessary for carrying out legal obligations in relation to Gift Aid or under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement;
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We do not share your data with third parties outside of the church.  Should there be a need, we will seek your express consent before doing so.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data for minimum lengths of time appropriate to the data.
Specifically, we retain membership data while it is still current; brief contact details for past members permanently; records of those who have served in children’s ministry permanently; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 7 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request that the ECC of Church on the Heath, Fleet, corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the ECC of Church on the Heath, Fleet, to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the ECC of Church on the Heath, Fleet, holds about you;
The right to request that the data controller provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means.];
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics];
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please, in the first instance, contact the Data Protection Officer at Church on the Heath: Julie Adams, whose contact details can be obtained from the Church Office and are available on various notice boards in the building.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.