https://cicoa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions is committed to your privacy and to the protection of your personal information.
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS (“TERMS”), DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions. By accessing, browsing and/or using this Web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Web site.
This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Information may be changed or updated without notice. CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.
If you receive an e-mail from us, either your e-mail address is listed with us as someone who has shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future, or you have registered or have an existing relationship with us or one of our partners.
CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions respects your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy:
We use security measures on our website to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data on our system. We operate secure servers, use limited and tiered user accounts and multiple login attempt rejection, and employ SSL encryption technology to minimize the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive personal information on the cicoa.org website and data forms and the cicoa.org Raiser's Edge NXT donation page.
Sharing and usage:
CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions will not share, sell, rent or distribute personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you.
If you have any questions pertaining to our privacy policy, please contact us.
Scroll To Top