http://Circle-of-Light.com/legal.html
This isn't my favorite page on my site. My attorneys emphatically want to protect me & now they are happy.
Isn't it sad that we have to do such things all because of those who insist on ignoring right from wrong?
® ™
Rev. Cassandra Anaya
MariaSuzonne Souliére
A Circle of Light Counseling
& www.circle.of.light.com
Information Regarding
Trademark & Copyright
Terms of Site Usage,
Terms of Services, &
Legal Notices
Trademark and
Copyright Registration
Most images and content housed at http://Circle-of-Light.com are the sole property of A Circle of Light and Rev. Cassandra Anaya and have a copyright, registration &/or trademark. Use of these materials without prior written permission for any commercial, personal, and/or non-commercial use is prohibited. Violators will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law for any content used without express prior written permission.
The name Circle of Light, the Circle of Light logo (shown above), circle-of-light.com, Rev, Cassandra, and Rev. Cassandra Anaya are not only copyrighted, but trademarked. They have both serial numbers and registration number issued through the United States Government's United States Patent and Trademark Office. Use of any and/or all materials, subjects within this domain, the name itself,
the logo and/or domain name on A Circle of Light website or the name Circle of Light used in equal or similar forms; such as Circles of Light, Circle of Lights, A Circle of Light, The Circle of Light, circles-of-light.com, , in conjunction with psychics; such as a psychic, a psychic web site, psychic readings, psychic information, psychic advice, reading requests, psychic reading services, angel readings, clairvoyant, psychic channeling, angel channeling, clairaudio, clairessence, past lives, mediumship, spiritual healing, spiritual reading, healing, psychic healing, healing touch, spells, rituals, tarot, past life readings, astrology, numerology, numerologist, astrologer, tarot reader, spell caster, chakra work or anything else which is about or pertaining to and/or falling under the umbrella of psychic, is strictly forbidden without express prior written permission. Violators WILL be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
If you wish to reproduce any articles, images, screen shots, or other material for personal, commercial or academic purpose, permission must be requested, submitted in writing, to my administrator MariaSuzonne. Please include the article, images, screen shot or other material you are requesting. Also, include your name, address, and phone number. If your request is deemed reasonable our legal department will inform me. If I concur our attorneys will contact you with the proper forms giving permission. Keep the permission form in a safe place.
We at A Circle of Light are committed to respecting the copyright, registration & trademark boundaries of others. On our pages we do have some graphics created by others and give proper credit for
any and all graphics that are not ours, be they copyrighted or not; though on some pages the origin of the graphics are unknown.
If you find any materials on this site that violates any copyright, registration or trademark claims or not giving proper credit, please report them to the administrator, MariaSuzonne. Upon verification we will correct the matter immediately.
Terms of Site Usage, Terms of Services, Law, Disputes, Jurisdiction, and Language
By accessing or using circle-of-light.com, you agree to be bound by the provisions of these terms of site usage. If you do not wish to be bound, you may not access or use this web site. We reserve the right to update or change these Terms of Site Usage at any time and for any reason. By continuing to use this Web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions, and should therefore
periodically visit this page of the Web site and print the latest version of the Terms of Site Usage for your records. For your information, the date of the last update to
these Terms of Site Usage is stated at the top of this document.
By accessing or using circle-of-light.com, you also agree that you have read and consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you have not read our Privacy Statement, please do so now.
By ordering any services on circle-of-light.com, you agree as well that you have read and consent to the Terms of Services. If you have not read our Terms of Services, please do so now.
Additionally, accessing or using circle-of-light.com, you agree that you have read and consent to A Circle of Light Counseling's policy regarding spam; Unsolicited emails and The State of California Spam Laws
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
1. Legal Notices
2. Intellectual Property
3. General Legal Provisions
1. Legal Notices
A. Disclaimers:
All information contained on this web site, or provided by this web site, including all text, graphics, links, animation, java script, and "COOKIES," are provided on an "AS-IS" basis; without any conditions or warranties of any kind, either express or implied.
To the maximum extent provided by law, A Circle of Light Counseling disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to: warranties or merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus strains and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or corse of performance.
B. Limitation of Liability:
In no event shall A Circle of Light Counseling, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, suppliers or other representatives, be liable for any special, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, including, but not limited to: loss of use, loss of profits, interruption of service or loss of data, whether in any action warranty, contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence or fundamental breach), or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of, or the inability to use, this web site or the information contained in or accessed through this web site, even if an authorized representative of A Circle of Light Counseling is advised of the likelihood or possibility of the same.
Any claims arising in connection with your use of this web site must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action.
When using the circle-of-light.com web site, information will be transmitted over a medium which is beyond the control and jurisdiction of A Circle of Light Counseling. Accordingly, A Circle of Light Counseling assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with the use of circle-of-light.com.
C. Certain Jurisdictions:
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to you if you reside in such a jurisdiction.
2. Intellectual Property
A. Copyrights:
All of the content of this Web site, including text, art, graphics, logos, button icons, images, and pictures are the property of A Circle of Light Counseling, Rev. Cassandra Anaya, or content providers, and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. We have designed the content of this Web site for your use while you enjoy your circle-of-light.com experience. Any use of this content, including modification, transmission, presentation, distribution or republication, is prohibited without the express prior written consent of A Circle of Light Counseling or Rev. Cassandra Anaya, owner. Except as granted in the limited license below, any use of this content, including modification, transmission, presentation, distribution or republication, is prohibited without the express prior written consent of A Circle of Light Counseling or Rev. Cassandra Anaya, owner.
B. Trademarks:
All trademarks, trade names, brand names and service marks of A Circle of Light Counseling, whether registered or unregistered, are the property of A Circle of Light Counseling and/or Rev. Cassandra Anaya and are protected by U.S. and international trademark laws. Any use of these assets is prohibited without the express prior written consent of A Circle of Light Counseling or Rev. Cassandra Anaya, owner. All trademarks, trade names, brand names and service marks of other companies, whether registered or unregistered, are the property of those companies and are protected by U.S. and international trademark laws. Except as granted in the limited license below, any use of these assets is prohibited without the express prior written consent of A Circle of Light Counseling or A Circle of Light Counseling. All trademarks, trade names, brand names and service marks of other companies, whether registered or unregistered, are the property of those companies and are protected by U.S. and international trademark laws.
C. Patents:
All patents and patent applications of circle-of-light.com are the property of A Circle of Light Counseling and/or Rev. Cassandra Anaya and are protected by U.S. and international patent laws. Any use of these patented or patentable assets is prohibited without the express prior written consent of A Circle of Light Counseling and/or Rev. Cassandra Anaya, owner.
D. Limited License:
A Circle of Light Counseling authorizes you to use the Circle of Light logo solely as a member of A Circle of Light webring, as a link exchange partner, or as winner of A Circle of Light Award and MUST include the registered trademark icons (®™). If you violate any provision of these Terms of Service, your permission to use the content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the content.
E. Infringements:
If you think that any of the information posted to this Web site infringes a copyright, trademark, patent or other right of another party, please contact us via our Contact Page.
3. General Legal Provisions
A. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These Terms of Site Usage and Terms of Service will be governed by California law for all purposes, including Web site use and services purchases, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts of California, County of San Diego.
B. Choice of Law; Jurisdiction; Forum.
These Terms of Site Usage and Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with the Service will be brought solely in San Diego County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
C. Third Party Links:
A Circle of Light Counseling does not endorse the content on any third-party Web sites. A Circle of Light Counseling is not responsible for the content of any dealings with third parties who advertise on circle-of-light.com, through affiliation, or through participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and service, or your use of third-party Web sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Web sites. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Web site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
D. Right to Remove Users:
We reserve the right to remove any user from this Web site, or deny any person access to this Web site or any portion of it, for any reason, without notice and in our sole discretion.
E. Export Laws:
The U.S. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the United States. This includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals. You agree to abide by these laws and their regulations, and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any content derived from the Web site to either a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of such laws. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export or re-export of products or information.
F. Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless A Circle of Light Counseling, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and affiliates from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms of Site Usage or Terms of Services.
G. International Laws:
A Circle of Light Counseling is based in the State of California in the United States of America. A Circle of Light Counseling makes no claims that the content of this Web site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access circle-of-light.com from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
H. Entire Agreement:
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on A Circle of Light Counseling, these Terms of Site Usage and Terms of Services constitute the entire agreement between you and A Circle of Light Counseling with respect to the use of this Web site. Your use of circle-of-light.com is also subject to the A Circle of Light Counseling Privacy Policy.
I. Waiver:
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Site Usage or Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. No waiver of any of these terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
J. Severability:
If any provision of the Terms of Site Usage or Terms of Services is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Site Usage and/or Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
K. Modification:
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms of Site Usage or Terms of Service.
L. Assignment:
A Circle of Light Counseling may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you and/or your approval.
M. Headings:
The section titles in the Terms of Site Usage or Terms of Services are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
N. Remuneration:
In addition to any fines that may be levied by the court, all legal fees, court costs, loss of income wages, witness(es) travel, accommodations, & meal expenses, & other fees that may be applicably incurred by A Circle of Light Counseling or Rev. Cassandra Anaya will be remunerated to A Circle of Light Counseling by opposing party(parties).
O. Notices:
Questions or comments regarding this Web site should be directed to us as soon as possible:
Contact A Circle of Light - online
Snail Mail:
A Circle of Light Counseling
P. O. Box 880625
San Diego, CA 92168-0625
Voice Mails:
1(800) 990-0079 Toll Free #
1(619) 980-9966 local San Diego #
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Enjoy the site!
or by posting the updated or revised Terms of Service on this page of our Site. Your use of the Site following any such update or revision constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms of Service as updated or revised. You can view the most current Terms of Service at any time by clicking on the Terms of Service link at the bottom of the Site's home page. It is your responsibility to review the Terms of Service periodically.
Many blessings to you and yours.
Always allow God and the angels to guide you.
I send you love.
A Circle of Light homepage
A Circle of Light's
Privacy Statement
& Policy of Services
We do not allow organizations to use our name or to contact us to make solicitations other than as permitted in our
Junkbusters Declaration