https://circleurban.org/ways-to-give/privacy/
Circle Urban Ministries is committed to respecting our partner’s privacy.  We have developed the partnership privacy policy below to ensure that our partner’s information is not shared with any third-party.  Circle Urban Ministries provides this Partnership Privacy Policy to inform partners of the way their information is used.  We also provide partners with the opportunity to remove their name from our mailing list, if desired.
Information Collected:Here are the types of information that we collect and maintain:
Contact information:– Name– Organization/Church– Complete Address– Phone Number– Email AddressPayment information:– Credit Card Number– Expiration Date– Billing InformationShipping information:– Name– Organization/Church– Complete Address
Information about how partner heard about Circle Urban MinistriesInformation the partner wishes to share:– Comment– Questions and/or suggestionsDoes partner request to receive periodic updates; For example…– To individuals who request it– We will send periodic mailings related to specific fund-raising appeals and newsletters
How Information is Used:
Circle Urban Ministries uses partnership information to understand a partner’s needs and provide better service.  Specifically, we use our partner’s information to help complete a transaction, communicate back to the partner, and update the partner on ministry happenings at Circle. Credit card numbers are used only for donations and are not retained for ANY other purposes.
No Sharing of Personal Information:
Circle Urban Ministries will not rent, sell or lease our partner’s personal information to other organizations.  The identity of our partner’s will be kept confidential.  Use of our partner’s information will be limited to the internal purposes of Circle Urban Ministries and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of Circle Urban Ministries.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List:
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail or email to our partners.  Partners are invited to contact Circle if they wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contact Us For more information about how you can partner with Circle to supply the needs of our various programs please contact info@circleurban.org or call (773) 921-1446.
Thank you
Your application has been submitted.
We will contact you as soon as possible.
×