http://circle.adventist.org/help/?topic=privacy
Toggle navigation
Curriculum Instruction Resource Center Linking Educators
About CIRCLE
Quick Links
Adventist Learning Community
Adventus Publishers
GC Education Website
GC Colleges/Universities
Foundation Adventist Education
Geoscience Research Institute
Journal of Adventist Education
NAD Education Website
NAD Colleges/Universities
NAD Curriculum Standards
NAD
Education Jobs
NAD Pathways Language Arts
NAD Teacher Bulletin
NAD Multigrade Classroom
SPD Teach Journal
SSD Christ-Centered Values Ed
About Seventh-day Adventists
Browse Resources
Subjects
Art & Music
Bible & Religion
Business & Economics
Communications & Media
Computer Science
Family & Consumer Sciences
Languages
Mathematics
Medical Sciences
Physical Education & Health
Sciences
Social Sciences
Teacher Education
Technology Education
Topics
Adventist Connections
Adventist Education Climate
Adventist Education Essentials
Early Childhood Education
Educational Administration
Educational Technology
Evaluation in Education
Guidance & Counseling
Higher Education
Home Schooling
Collections
Instructional Design
Intergroup Education
Library
Partnerships
Research on Education
Research on Christian Ministry
Research on Theology
Small Schools
Special Education
World Division Resources
Options
Search in this category
Advanced Search
Privacy and Terms of Use
Privacy
The CIRCLE team respects our users' privacy. We strive to ensure that we only collect information that is reasonably necessary to enhance the user's experience.
The following is a description of the data we may collect during your
visit to the CIRCLE website, who has access to that information, and
how it is used. In general we collect information such as IP addresses, visit time, web browser versions, and the pages visited on our site for the purposes of cataloging user demographics. This information is not available to the general public and is only shared with third parties in aggregate form or as required by law. The CIRCLE web site also uses "cookies" to keep users logged into MyCircle
(see below) and to set search filters. Cookies are files that contain pieces of
information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard disk. You
must have cookies enabled in your browser for these features to work.
Personal information such as name, company, email address, and other pertinent details is only collected on a voluntary basis through the MyCircle interface. Users wishing to register with MyCircle are asked to provide this information so that we may contact them with relevant information about CIRCLE services and resources and personalize users' browsing experiences. Any information saved in MyCircle may be changed or removed by the user or at the user's request. CIRCLE does not sell your personal information. We may share your personal contact data outside of the company, but only as required by law or to protect our customers, ourselves, or the public. Furthermore, information is only shared with partners who are also committed to protecting your privacy. The CIRCLE website contains many links to resources that we believe will be of use to our users. The inclusion of these links on our website should not, however, be regarded as an endorsement by CIRCLE or any of our sponsoring organizations.
Sub-topics:
Children's Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Children's Privacy Policy
While resources are included for students who are children, CIRCLE’s target audience is Christian adult educators.  CIRCLE is not structured for young students, yet we recognize that educators may send their students to our website.  Understanding that the internet presents a host of possibilities and challenges for young students, we are committed to providing an online experience that is safe and rewarding for all ages.  Children who visit our website are free to access the various features offered without disclosing any personal information.  We neither solicit or knowingly collect any information from children directly or passively through the use of cookies. Should it ever come to our attention that a child's personal information has in some way been provided to us, we will immediately delete that information. Persons having any questions or concerns about our privacy policy may contact us.
Terms of Use
The Curriculum and Instruction Resource Center Linking Educators (CIRCLE) website is owned by the North American Division of Seventh-day Adventists.  Persons having questions or concerns about our policies may contact the North American Division Office of Education
All information on this website is copyrighted by CIRCLE, unless otherwise noted.  As CIRCLE is a clearinghouse of education resources, it should be noted that the copyright for
individual resources is vested in the original author and/or source.
Any limitations are included in the document. Please respect these
copyrights.While care is taken in selecting quality curriculum and instruction resources
for Christian educators, CIRCLE is providing this site and its contents "as is" without any obligations, liabilities or warranties, expressed or implied, whatsoever to anyone who chooses to access this web site.  Each user expressly acknowledges that use of this web site and its contents is at the user's sole risk.  CIRCLE does not warrant that this web site or any of its contents will be continuously available, accessible, non-infringing, or free of errors or viruses or anything else manifesting contaminating or destructive properties, or that the information contained in it is accurate, reliable or representative of education from a biblical worldview. If any resource
concerns you, feel free to contact us.CIRCLE will not be liable for any damages or injury (including indirect, special, and consequential damages) that may result from the use of or inability to use any part of this web site, or anything submitted or posted by users to this website or linked to by this web site.  The terms of this paragraph will survive any termination of this notice and web site.  This site is created and controlled under the laws of the State of Maryland, which shall be the law giving effect to and interpretation of all terms and conditions hereunder.  Any action pertaining to this web site shall be in the State of Maryland with Montgomery County the venue for such action.  Any person named a party to any action regarding this web site agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Sate of Maryland and the United States of America located in the State of Maryland.The General Conference Corporation of Seventh-day Adventists® owns the
trademarks for the names General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists®,
Seventh-day Adventist® and Adventist®, as well as numerous other trademarks.
In addition to registration with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, registrations are also current or pending in various other
jurisdictions.
Contact CIRCLE
Privacy & Terms
Submit
Admin
Help