https://circleofa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Circle of Atonement, a nonprofit teaching organization dedicated to the spiritual path of A Course in Miracles, operates this website (circleofa.org). The following is our privacy policy, effective October 26, 2019.
Overview
We use collected data to offer and improve our site and services. This page informs you of our policies regarding the acquisition, usage, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with this data. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Definitions
Service: The Service referred to in this policy is the operation of our circleofa.org website.
Personal Data: Personal Data refers to data of a living individual who can be identified from information in our possession. Please note we never rent or sell Personal Data.
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies: Cookies are small files stored on a computer or mobile device that are a means to identify site users and customize information accordingly.
Data Controller: Data Controller refers to the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. Your Data Controller for circleofa.org is Emily Bennington, Executive Director (emily@circleofa.org).
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) refers to any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We store personal data in a secure CRM management system (Keap) and we utilize the services of trusted contractors who have access to this data for Circle-related projects.
Data Subject (or User): Data Subject is any living individual who is using our website and is the subject of Personal Data collection.
Types of Data Collected
We collect the following information to provide and improve our website and offerings.
Personal Data
While using our website, we ask you to subscribe to our mailing list. This provides us with information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”) and includes but is not limited to:
Email address
First and last name
Usage Data
We collect information on how our website is being accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data includes information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type, browser version, pages you visit, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages, etc. We use this data for the purpose of understanding how visitors are using our website so we can improve our offerings and services.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our site. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of making your activity on our site available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar technologies to track the activity on our website. Cookies are small files stored on a computer or mobile device that are a means to identify site users and customize information accordingly. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. We use this information to improve and analyze our site, as well as for marketing purposes. Examples of Cookies we use are Preference Cookies to remember preferences when you visit, Security Cookies to control access to certain content, and Facebook pixels for retargeting advertisements.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Use of Data
Circle of Atonement uses collected data for purposes including but not limited to:
Providing and maintaining our website, newsletter, marketing, and program offerings
Notifications on changes to our website or services
Providing customer support
Gathering analytic information so we can improve our services
Monitoring the usage of our services
Processing payments
Detecting, preventing, and addressing technical issues
Complying with the law when required.
We never rent or sell Personal Data and you may opt-out of receiving our communications by following the unsubscribe link in the footer of any emailed message or by writing to info@circleofa.org with the subject line UNSUBSCRIBE.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are within the European Union / European Economic Area (EEA), you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), including:
The right to access or delete the information we have on you. Please contact info@circleofa.org for these requests.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You have the right to withdraw consent to use your Personal Data at any time, with the exception of cases where we are required to provide this information by law.
The right to complain. You have the right to file a complaint to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
If you have any questions regarding GDPR, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Retention of Data
Circle of Atonement retains your Personal Data only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and / or any legal requirements.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental territory where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer your data, including Personal Data, to the United States where we are located. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement and Legal Requirements
Circle of Atonement may disclose your Personal Data in response to valid requests by public authorities or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary or required to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend Circle of Atonement rights or property
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing
Protect the personal safety of users or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The protection of your data is critical to us, although it’s important to note that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to safeguard your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Payments
We offer paid products within our site and we use third-party services for payment processing.
Please note we do not store or collect your payment card details. This information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their own Privacy Policies. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands including Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Circle of Atonement payment processors are:
Google Pay In-App Payments
Google Pay Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Stripe
Stripe Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy
PayPal
PayPal Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Circleofa.org contains links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to their website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. While we are careful to only share trusted sources, we cannot assume responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at info@circleofa.org. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take immediate steps to remove that information from our servers.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing info@circleofa.org.