http://cjac.org/policy-areas
Skip to main content
Public Policy
In the LegislatureMedia
Bill Tracking
Policy AreasADA
Arbitration
Asbestos
Class Actions
COVID-19 Liability
Labor and Employment
Lemon Law
PAGA
Privacy
Private Rights of Action
Prop 65
Civil Justice Gavel
Balance Scorecard
Policy Areas
Overview April 27, 2020
Read more
ADA
Overview March 31, 2020
Important state and federal disability laws are in place to
ensure individuals with disabilities have access to places of
public accommodation. Unfortunately, a cottage industry of
plaintiffs’ attorneys abuse these laws to enrich themselves
rather than advance disability access.
These plaintiffs’ attorneys issue threatening demand letters or
file shakedown lawsuits, primarily aimed at small and vulnerable
businesses. The goal — to extract settlements from businesses
who may have done nothing wrong but can’t afford to go through
expensive litigation.
Read more
MoreArbitration
Overview March 31, 2020
Arbitration allows businesses, consumers and employees an
alternative means of dispute resolution, where parties agree to
resolve their differences in front of a neutral and unbiased
arbitrator rather than going through a lengthy and costly lawsuit
in the courts. A recent study from the U.S. Chamber Institute for
Legal Reform found that:
Read more
MoreAsbestos
Overview May 8, 2020
Legal compensation is available for asbestos exposure victims who
suffer from serious health conditions, such as mesothelioma.
Currently there are two independent systems to receive asbestos
related payouts:
Read more
MoreClass Actions
Overview March 31, 2020
Class actions are a means for numerous plaintiffs with similar
claims to bring a single lawsuit. Both California state and
federal courts are magnets for class action lawsuits.
At the state level, California does not provide state judges with
enough tools and guidelines to stop frivolous class action
lawsuit from going forward. At the federal level, California
federal courts are also more lax than other jurisdictions.
Read more
MoreCOVID-19 Liability
Overview May 18, 2020
The COVID-19 pandemic has created unprecedented liability
exposure issues for California businesses and employers. In
particular, for essential businesses who have stepped up to
provide services, goods, and facilities during the crisis, there
is mounting concern about the threat of frivolous litigation
alleging these businesses are responsible for coronavirus
exposure.
Read more
MoreLabor and Employment
Overview March 31, 2020
California’s Labor Code and Fair Employment and Housing Act
provide some of the most expansive and protective workplace laws
in the country. Nevertheless, the California Legislature, every
year, introduces numerous proposals to further expand these laws
and add obligations and penalties on employers.
Read more
MoreLemon Law
Overview March 31, 2020
To protect consumers, the Song Beverly and Tanner Acts (aka Lemon
Law) were enacted to require that manufacturers repurchase or
replace vehicles with serious auto defects expeditiously.
When first enacted, the legislature required that the
manufacturer pay the reasonable attorney’s fees of the consumer.
In recent years, a cottage industry of plaintiff’s firms have
begun to exploit this provision increasingly by delaying case
resolution to run up excessive attorneys’ fees and collect larger
shares of awards.
Read more
MorePAGA
Overview March 31, 2020
California’s Private Attorney General Act (“PAGA”) (Labor Code
Sections 2698-2699.5) is often referred to by employers as the
“sue your boss law.” PAGA allows aggrieved employees to seek
civil penalties on behalf of the State of California and other
aggrieved employees for violations of the California Labor Code.
PAGA was intended to improve workplace protections for employees’
rights and safety.
Read more
MorePrivacy
Overview May 15, 2020
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) (Cal. Civil Code
§§1798.100 et. seq.) was enacted in 2018 and took effect on
January 1, 2020. California was the first state to enact landmark
privacy legislation of this scale, granting new privacy rights to
California consumers with respect to collection and handling of
their personal information by businesses. The CCPA requires the
California Attorney General to issue regulations by July 1, 2020
and enforce the Act no earlier than that date.
CJAC Comments CCPA Revised Regulations 3-27-20
CJAC Comments CCPA Revised Regulations 2-25-20
CJAC Comments CCPA Regulations 12-6-19
CJAC Letter to Mactaggart on CPRA
CJAC Proposed Title and Summary to the Attorney General
Read more
MorePrivate Rights of Action
Overview March 31, 2020
Private rights of action (PRAs) are a specific type of lawsuit.
PRAs give private individuals the right to sue to enforce a civil
law normally enforced by the government. Some examples of
California Laws with PRAs include:
Read more
MoreProp 65
Overview March 31, 2020
Proposition 65 is a “right-to-know” law that requires businesses
to provide warnings before exposing individuals in California to
approximately 900 dangerous chemicals. The proposition was
intended to improve public health, however, the biggest impact of
this law has been to impose massive burdens on businesses without
showing any real appreciable improvement in Californian’s health.
Read more
More
Log in
E-mail or username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Request new password
Commands
HelpLog in