http://cjac.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About Us
Mission and History
Team
Career Opportunities
The Issue
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overview July 24, 2020
Effective July 27, 2020
When This Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers the information we collect,
use, or disclose when you use or subscribe to services, websites,
applications, social media, webinars, products, and other
communications (collectively, “Service”) of the Civil Justice
Association of California (“CJAC,” “we,” or “us”).
This Policy applies to you and anyone who uses our Service
through you or on your behalf.
Information We Collect
We collect information about you and how you are using our
Service. This may include the following information:
Personal information: Includes your name, company name,
street or mailing address, zip code, phone number, email, billing
information, bank account numbers, login credentials,
participation records and communications.
Web browsing and app information: Includes webpages and sites
you visit, your interactions and comments, time and date of your
visit, time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers,
internet protocol addresses, URLs, pixels, cookies, browser type,
browser version, and similar technologies or usage or diagnostic
data.
Ways We Collect Your Information
We collect your information in the following ways:
You give it to us when you submit forms, make payments,
register for events, provide sign ups or comments, or otherwise
directly communicate with us.
We automatically get it when you use our Service, such as
websites or email communications.
We get it from outside sources such as marketing mailing
lists, government records, commercially available geographic and
demographic information, or public sources.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to provide and improve our Service,
including to support, improve, protect, analyze and bill for our
Service, to communicate with you about our Service, to market our
Service, and for research purposes. You can opt-out of marketing
emails by using the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email
or submitting a request at our Contact
Us page.
Ways We Share Your Information
We may share it with affiliated entities such as committees
we sponsor and partner organizations with whom we work.
We may share it with third party service providers that help
us deliver, analyze, monitor, or improve the Service, such as
accountants and consultants.
We may share information as part of any merger, acquisition,
or sale of CJAC assets or transition of Service to another
organization or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or
receivership.
We may share your information to comply with a legal
obligation, protect and defend the rights or property of CJAC,
prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing, protect the safety or
security of users of the Service, our employees, or the public,
and to protect against legal liability.
Security
The security of your data is important to us; however, no method
of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100 percent secure. While we strive to use a range of
technological and security controls to protect your information,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If a breach were to
occur, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
Data Storage, Transfer, and Retention
We take steps to ensure that data is processed according to this
Policy.
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on
computers located outside of your state, province, country, or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws
may differ from those from your jurisdiction. Data we collect is
processed and stored in the United States.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide
information to us, your submission of such information represents
your consent to this Policy and agreement to that transfer.
We keep your information for the duration necessary for business,
tax, or legal purposes. After that, we delete it or destroy it.
If you need to update your information, please notify us at our
Contact Us page.
Information Specific to Children
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18
(“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifying
information from Children. If we become aware that we have
collected information from Children without verification of
parental consent, we take steps to delete or destroy that
information.
Third-Party Providers
Within our Service, there may be links or references to
third-party websites or applications that are controlled by
third-party providers. This Policy does not apply to any
third-party website, application, or service you may access
through our Service. You should check those websites or
applications for their privacy policies. We have no control over
and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Policy from time to time. We will notify you of
material changes by posting the new Policy on this page with the
new effective date. You are advised to review this Policy
periodically for any changes. Changes to this Policy are
effective when they are posted on this page.
How to Contact Us
Contact us in the following ways for any questions about this
Policy.
Email us at our Contact Us
page.
Call us at 916-443-4900.
Write to us at: ATTN: Privacy Officer, 1201 K St., Suite
1850, Sacramento, CA 95814.
Read more
Log in
E-mail or username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Request new password
Commands
HelpLog in