http://cjfm.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
CJF Ministries ("CJFM" or the "Ministry") respects the privacy of its visitors and customers and understands the importance of privacy to visitors to its website. The Ministry collects and stores information so that it can efficiently provide information to its users and process your requests for additional information and materials and to process your orders.
This privacy statement is designed to help you understand what information the Ministry gathers and what the Ministry does with the information.
Your Information
Personal identifying information, such as your name, street or e-mail address, phone number or any other information which, when used by itself or with other data, might identify a you or your company is only collected if you send it to us voluntarily, as part of using its service, or provide such information in connection with a request for information. The Ministry may also use this information to send you notices regarding CJFM products and services and to further personalize your experience on its website. Personal identifying information is used only for its legitimate business interests, including the aforementioned notices, to supply requested information, to answer your questions, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
CJFM remains responsible for personal information in its possession or custody, including information that CJFM transfers to a third party for processing. As such, CJFM enters into confidentiality or contractual agreements with third parties requiring third parties to provide a level of security comparable to that provided under its Privacy Policy.
Disclosure
By giving CJFM your personal identifying information, you grant CJFM the right to use this information for reasonable business purposes and in a manner consistent with the policies of CJFM and applicable state and federal laws and regulations. The Ministry does not sell, rent or disclose your personal identifying information to any third party, except as described in this section. The Ministry may contract with reputable vendors to assist us in processing information or delivering the items that you may request. These vendors are restricted from using or selling the information for any purpose other than helping us to provide the materials and requested services. The Ministry may provide aggregate statistics about its customers, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. Finally, if disclosure of any information is required by law or by an appropriate government authority, the Ministry will comply accordingly.
Uses of Personal Information
The Ministry collects personal information for the following general purposes:
(a) to establish and maintain its donor lists:
By donating to the Ministry, you have confirmed your commitment to its mission and goals. The Ministry deeply appreciates your financial support and may contact you to issue donor receipts, request your support for its future endeavors, or inform you of its upcoming fundraising activities or donation drives since you have demonstrated an interest in supporting its institution.
(b) to establish and maintain its mailing lists: the Ministry fulfills its goals through four main areas:
radio, whereby the Ministry broadcasts its daily program, "Messianic Perspectives", on over forty radio stations and through its website;
missions, whereby the Ministry has established missionary outposts in the major Jewish population centers of the world;
publications, whereby the Ministry distributes numerous Bibles, booklets and tracts to Jewish people who express an interest in the Gospel; and
tours, whereby the Ministry leads tours to Israel to teach and help Christians experience the fulfillment of God's prophetic word as it relates to God's promises to the People of Israel.
Our mailing lists are used to keep you up to date on the products, services and events which you are supporting. The Ministry may also produce new products and services, such as newsletters, magazines and books; or promote new activities and events such as lectures, conferences and seminars.Ministry mailing lists are used to inform you of these new products, services and upcoming events in which you may be interested.
(c) to effectively provide services: the Ministry maintains personal information about you in order to pray for you, remember your personal concerns, and correspond with you.
(d) to effectively fulfill transactions: the Ministry obtains and maintains sufficient personal information in order to complete administration, billing, accounting and collection for the sale and shipping of products or services you have ordered.
(e) to better serve its employees: the Ministry obtains personal information from employees, contractors, volunteers, and applicants for administrative or management purposes, such as to establish, manage or terminate an employment relationship.
The Ministry will not use previously collected personal information for a new purpose without first identifying the new purpose and obtaining your consent for the new use, unless otherwise permitted by law.
Cookies
As part of offering and improving its services, the Ministry may use “cookies" to store and sometimes track information about its online customers and users. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can make use of the web easier by saving status and preferences about a website. Some parts of its website, where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable, may require that you accept cookies. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but users can change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent.
Your Control
You may, at any time, remove your personal identifying information from its database. If you have submitted personal identifying information to CJFM, and you wish to have it removed from its records, please contact us via our contact page. However, for its record keeping purposes, the Ministry will retain your personal identifying information if submitted for any previously completed registration on its website.
Information Requests
In the section of its website that allows you to access articles and other materials, the Ministry may ask for some personal information, such as name, mailing address and e-mail address, but this information will only be used by CJFM to supply these materials to you or contact you, if necessary, to respond to your request for information and to contact you directly to respond to questions, comments or inquiries. The Ministry also may use the information to notify you about updates, new products or services. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by CJFM.
Children
CJFM strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children online (we define "children" as minors younger than 13). Therefore, CJFM will not knowingly collect or use any personal identifiable information from children or knowingly allow children to register with us. Any information that is inadvertently collected from children will be deleted promptly upon discovery. As one measure to ensure that the Ministry does not gather personally identifiable information from children, the Ministry requires that all individuals provide a valid credit card number before completing a purchase. If the Ministry learns that the Ministry has inadvertently gathered personally identifiable information from children under 13, the Ministry shall attempt to notify such child's parent or guardian and erase such information from its records, unless the child's parent or guardian consents to its maintaining such information.
Use of Data the Ministry Collects
Personally Identifiable Information
CJFM always wants to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you've requested. In order to do this, the Ministry uses your Personally Identifiable Information to allow us to:
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers the Ministry believes will be of interest to you
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize its communications to you
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Improve its merchandise selection and customer service
Your email address will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing from any newsletters, promotions or non-transactional related emails are included in every email.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The Ministry uses the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that the Ministry collects from its customers and other visitors in a manner that does not personally identify any individual. The Ministry uses Non-Personally Identifiable Information to make its website more interesting and useful to you. The Ministry also tracks the pages or documents accessed within its website. This information is collected for systems administration and for analyzing and improving the value of the material available on its website.  This Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help its advertisers or its site design team create advertisements its guests might like.
CJFM contracts with an outside service that helps us to better understand your use of cjfm.org. The Ministry may place cookies on your computer so the Ministry can collect information related to your use of cjfm.org. This information allows us to refine and improve the site for its customers and other users. The Ministry does NOT collect any credit card, user name or password information or any other personally identifiable information nor will the Ministry use data that the Ministry collects for any other purpose and is contractually required to keep all the information collected for us in strict confidence.
As a visitor to cjfm.com, you may "opt out" of its collection of data.
Cookies
Like many other commercial sites, its website utilizes standard technologies called "cookies" to collect information about how its website is used. A cookie is a small data text file, that a website stores on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies are designed to help a website recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer's password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of its website and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.
The Ministry sends a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No personally identifiable information is recorded.  When you click through to its website from a promotional email, its third-party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.
Information the Ministry Shares with Others
Our Contractors
The Ministry contracts with other companies (credit card processors, shippers and website developers) to provide certain services to CJFM to fulfill orders and create its website. In some instances, these contractors may have access to personally identifiable information but they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out CJFM' business.
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than CJFM.
Third Parties
The Ministry does not make its postal mailing list available to any third parties.  In addition, your email address is never shared with any third party (except as described above to its contractors who use it ONLY to carry out CJFM business.)
Disclosure Exceptions
Notwithstanding the above policies, the Ministry reserves the right to disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties if the Ministry is required to do so by law or the Ministry believes that such action is necessary:
To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;
To protect the Ministry's rights and property;
To investigate reports of fraud or of users sending material using a false e-mail address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of its website; or
During emergencies, such as when the Ministry believes someone's physical safety is at risk.
Your Choices
The Ministry offers choices about the types of information you receive from us.  If you prefer not to receive product information or other communications from CJFM or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us at the address shown below.
Email Use
When you provide us your email address, the Ministry may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. For example, after you place an order at CJFM.com, you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information. It is its intent to send you promotional email only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each edition of the newsletter. Your email address will be used only to respond to your request or to process your order, and will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every email containing promotional material.
Consents
The Ministry is committed to obtaining your consent for the collection of your personal information and the subsequent use or disclosure of this information, unless otherwise permitted by law. To this end, its employees are instructed to provide information about how the Ministry uses personal information to all individuals who inquire, as well as obtain the consent of those who provide their personal information.
In obtaining consent, makes a reasonable effort to ensure that you are advised, in a manner that can be reasonably understood, of the purposes for which the information will be used.
In determining the appropriate form of consent, the Ministry will take into account the sensitivity of the personal information and your reasonable expectations.  For sensitive information, the Ministry will obtain express written consent at or before the time of collection.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting the Ministry at the address set out below.
Pleased be advised that at no time does your relationship with the Ministry requires that you provide it with your personal information if you do not wish to. The Ministry will only require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information as a condition to its providing products or services to you if such collection, use or disclosure is required in order to fulfill the identified purposes.
Note: In certain circumstances personal information can be collected, used or disclosed without your knowledge and consent. For example, legal, medical or security reasons may make it impossible or impractical to seek consent. When information is being collected for the detection and prevention of fraud or for law enforcement, seeking consent might defeat the purpose of collecting the information. Seeking consent may be impossible or inappropriate if you were a minor, seriously ill, or mentally incapacitated. In addition, the Ministry may not be able to seek consent if it does not have a direct relationship with you. For example, seeking consent may be impractical for a charity or a direct-marketing firm that wishes to acquire a mailing list from another organization. In such cases, the organization providing the list would be expected to obtain your consent before disclosing personal information.
Security
CJFM always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged with its website. CJFM has implemented appropriate security measures in its physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that the Ministry has collected from you at its website.  Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while the Ministry strives to protect your personal information, the Ministry cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from its website, and you do so at your own risk. Once the Ministry receives your transmission, the Ministry will do its best to protect its security on its systems. In the unlikely event of an interception OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS despite its efforts, CJFM shall not be responsible for such interception OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, or any DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED BY A CUSTOMER OR USER, EVEN IF CJFM HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CJFM DOES NOT WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIEDLY, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY CUSTOMER SHALL BE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EACH CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF HIS OR HER INFORMATION.
Disclaimers
WHILE CJFM HAS SAFEGUARDS IN PLACE TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR INTERCEPTION, THERE IS NO ABSOLUTE GUARANTEE OF SECURITY. IN THE EVENT OF AN INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, CJFM SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED BY A VISITOR OR USER, EVEN IF CJFM HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CJFM DOES NOT WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIEDLY, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY VISITOR SHALL BE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
IN TRANSMITTING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS TO CJFM, THE USER OF THIS WEBSITE IS REQUESTING THAT CJFM SEND INFORMATION TO OR CONTACT THE USER REGARDING OUR PRODUCTS OR OUR SERVICES. CJFM WILL MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO ACCOMMODATE REASONABLE REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION PERTAINING TO OUR productS AND SERVICES IN A TIMELY MANNER BUT MAKES NO GUARANTEES FOR THE TIMELINESS OF SUCH RESPONSES. THE USER SHOULD BE AWARE THAT CJFM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DELAY, NON-DELIVERY OR NON-RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION EXCHANGED BETWEEN CJFM AND THE USER OR VICE-VERSA DUE TO INTERNET CONNECTIVITY PROBLEMS, MAN-MADE OR NATURAL DISASTERS, FORCE MAJEURE, COMPUTER MALFUNCTIONS OR INCORRECT CONTACT INFORMATION (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO E-MAIL ADDRESSES, MAILING ADDRESSES, TELEPHONE, CELLULAR, PAGER OR FAX NUMBERS) SUPPLIED BY THE USER. CJFM COOPERATES WITH INQUIRIES FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND WILL ASSIST IN ATTEMPTING TO IDENTIFY A USER WHEN CJFM IS REQUIRED BY LAW TO DO SO OR WHEN CJFM, IN THE EXERCISE OF ITS JUDGMENT, DETERMINES IT IS NECESSARY TO PROTECT ITSELF, ITS WEBSITE, SERVICES, CUSTOMERS AND OTHERS.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Ministry may, at any time and without notice, add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on its website. If the Ministry decides to change its Privacy Policy, the Ministry will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information the Ministry collects, how the Ministry uses it, and under what circumstances the Ministry discloses it. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website.
Contact Information
Our postal address is:
CJF Ministries
611 Broadway
San Antonio, TX 78215 USA
Attn: Webmaster
CJFM can be reached via our contact page.
Last updated January, 2009.