https://cleanwaterfund.org/your-privacy
Skip to main content
Your Privacy
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund seek an online environment in which education, advocacy, and informed participation in civic, community and environmental affairs can flourish. We believe that Internet users must be assured that the information concerning them is used responsibly. Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund have implemented the following policy to protect online privacy for Clean Water Action members, Clean Water Fund supporters, contributors, and other visitors and users of this site and its resources.
Whether your personal information has been collected or provided online or by any other means (e.g., by mail, in person, by phone, etc.) Clean Water Fund and Clean Water Action will apply the same privacy policies and protections, as described below.
Personal Information
Why do Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund ask for my information?
To participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personal information. This could be in connection with any one or combination of circumstances, including but not limited to the following:
distribution of publications and informational materials, by mail and/or electronically
site personalization
content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions or voting
sending personalized faxes or e-mail messages when participating in an online action
sharing information from this site or from a Clean Water Action e-mail alert with another person
taking an advocacy action, e.g. – sending a message to your local, state, or federal elected officials
allowing Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund to contact/re-contact you in the future
making a donation
What information does Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund collect?
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund do not collect personal information from visitors to this web site, or from individuals and households contacted by other means, other than what you provide us on a voluntary basis.
Aggregate information about Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund site visitors, such as pages viewed, browsers used, and documents downloaded, is collected in our web server logs. Domain names or IP addresses of site visitors may also be collected but these addresses are not traceable to any one individual. This aggregate information is used solely to help us improve our web site.
Do Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund use cookies?
A "cookie" is a tiny element of data that our site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer’s hard drive.
If you are concerned about your privacy and the use of cookie technology on the Clean Water web sites, you may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You may also set your browser to refuse cookies the Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund site attempts to send you. Using these settings or declining to accept cookies from our sites may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit  these sites.
How will Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund use the information I provide?
Whenever we ask you to provide personal information via this web site or in an e-mail or other communications, whether online or offline, Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund will make reasonable efforts to make the purpose of that request clear. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund, you can simply choose not to provide that information or otherwise "opt out" of the action or request for information.
Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, such as involvement in online actions, distribution of publications, action alerts, notices of volunteer opportunities, member benefits, community events, etc.
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund make every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive personal or user information following industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund do not sell or otherwise disclose such personal or user information outside the organizations.
However, if you become a Clean Water Action member, some information on our membership lists, such as your name and address, may from time to time, on an extremely limited basis, be made available to allied organizations, candidates and campaigns, or businesses with whom Clean Water Action maintains affinity marketing relationships. Circumstances under which this occurs are tightly controlled and closely monitored by Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund, and any information is transferred on a one-time-only, single-use basis. These provisions of the policy do not apply to Clean Water Fund donors or supporters unless they have also chosen to become Clean Water Action members.
Opting Out
How do I opt out or change my information?
Clean Water Action members who DO NOT wish to have their contact information shared with others under these conditions, should contact Clean Water Action, being sure to provide your full information so that we can implement your "opt out" request and send you confirmation once this action has been taken:
By postal mail: Send your correspondence to us at:
Clean Water Action/Clean Water Fund
Attn: Online Services
1444 Eye Street NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC 20005-6538
By phone: Call us at: 202-895-0420
By e-mail: Send e-mail to: optout(at)cleanwater(dot)org
Security
How do I know my credit card information is secure?
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund use Salsalabs, Inc, a third party, vendor to host our donation, event, and advocacy action pages. This is a standard industry practice. Salsalabs uses secure server software (SSL) that is the industry standard and is among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. In the event of an unauthorized charge to your credit card you must:
write to the creditor at the address given for "billing inquiries," not the address for sending your payments, and include your name, address, account number and a description of the billing error,
send your letter so that it reaches the creditor within 60 days after the first bill containing the error was mailed to you.
Policies of other sites
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund's web site may contain links to other sites that are not managed or maintained by Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund. The inclusion of a link to another site from the Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund web sites or from another site to the Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund sites does not imply any endorsement of that other site's privacy policies, practices or content. Your dealings with these sites are covered only by the privacy policies listed on those sites.
Revision of this policy
Clean Water Action and Clean Water Fund reserve the right to revise this policy periodically. If  substantive changes are made in the way we share, store, or handle personally identifiable information we will notify web site users and visitors through prominent postings on the site and/or by e-mail. We will also make reasonable efforts to notify other members, donors and supporters of substantive changes to these policies, through printed materials, online communications and in-person or phone interactions as such communications might regularly occur.
A current version of this policy will always be readily accessible on Clean Water Fund’s and Clean Water Action’s web sites.
This policy description was last revised on 11 November 2018
What do I do if I have questions that aren't answered here?
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, please contact Clean Water Action or Clean Water Fund.
By mail: Correspondence may be sent to the following postal address:
Clean Water Action/Clean Water Fund
Attn: Online Services
PO Box 96529, Washington, DC 20090
By phone: Call us at: 202-895-0420
By e-mail: Send e-mail to: optout(at)cleanwater(dot)org