https://clearmind.com/terms_conditions/
Clearmind & COVID-19
FREE Events
Workshops Calendar
|||
LOGIN
Terms and Conditions – Effective date: June 1 2020
Cancellation Policies:
Note: Any dollar amounts listed on this site are in Canadian dollars (CAN) as we are a company registered and operating in Canada. Refunds are issued in the currency of purchase which is Canadian dollars. If the currency needs to be converted for the refund, then the current currency rate, and not the currency rate at the time of the order, is used in the conversion. This means that charges will be subject to the currency exchange rates in effect through your credit card or bank at the time of the charge. Should you request a refund, you will be refunded in Canadian Dollars, and that refund will also be subject to the currency exchange rates in effect through your credit card or bank at the time we process the refund. This means that even if we issue a full refund, the amounts that appear on your statement are unlikely to match, due to the different buying/selling rates banks charge for currency exchange.
3-day workshops (or less):
Workshop prices include a $150 non-refundable, non-tranferable deposit to hold your spot. Any refund provided will be the amount paid less the $150 deposit.
For cancellations up to one day prior to the workshop start date: full refund minus the deposit – or the option to credit to a future workshop (a $50 transfer will apply).
For cancellations on the day of the workshop – no refund. Any fees paid, less the $150 deposit, will be held as a credit toward a future workshop
For cancellations after the workshop has started, no refund.
After you have registered for a workshop, should you wish to transfer your registration to another date, a $50 transfer fee will be applied.
1-week workshops:
Workshop prices include a $250 non-refundable, non-tranferable deposit to hold your spot. Any refund provided will be the amount paid less the $250 deposit.
Cancellations/Transfers within 14 days of registration: full refund or credit. No transfer fee applicable.
Cancellations/Transfers prior to 6 months before workshop: full refund minus $250 deposit.
Cancellations/Transfers between 6 months and 4 months prior to workshop: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid les a $500 fee.
Cancellations/Transfers between 4 months and 2 months prior to workshop: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid less a $700 fee.
Cancellations/Transfers between 2 months and 2 weeks: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid less a $900 fee.
Less than 2 weeks remaining prior to the workshop: refund/credit/transfer is not available. Full fees apply.
2-week workshops:
Workshop prices include a $250 non-refundable, non-tranferable deposit to hold your spot. Any refund provided will be the amount paid less the $250 deposit.
Cancellations/Transfers within 14 days of registration: full refund or credit. No transfer fee applicable.
Cancellations/Transfers prior to 6 months before the workshop: full refund minus $250 deposit.
Cancellations/Transfers between 6 months and 4 months prior to the workshop: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid les a $1000 fee.
Cancellations/Transfers between 4 months and 2 months prior to the workshop: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid less a $1400 fee.
Cancellations/Transfers between 2 months and 2 weeks prior to the workshop: refund/transfer/credit is amount of tuition paid less a $1800 fee.
With less than 2 weeks prior to workshop start date: refund/credit/transfer is not available. Full fees apply.
Note: Any dollar amounts listed on this site are in Canadian dollars (CAN). Refunds are issued in the currency of purchase which is Canadian dollars. If the currency needs to be converted for the refund, then the current currency rate, and not the currency rate at the time of the order, is used in the conversion.
Should you need to cancel your registration due to COVID-19 related issues, you will be provided the option between a refund per the cancellation policy or transferable credit for the entire amount paid.
Practitioners Training/ REAL Program Cancellation:
Please consult your program policies document for cancellation information and other policies.
For Online Services:
You verify that you will be participating from an up-to-date desktop or laptop computer and have a strong internet signal (ideally connected thru Ethernet cable rather than WIFI).  Headphones are highly recommended to minimize feedback.   Our workshop producer will provide some support on how to use our online platform during scheduled set up times as well as throughout the workshop. Unfortunately, we not able to provide technical support regarding your personal computer, equipment, or internet issues. You will be responsible to test your equipment prior to the start of each day to ensure that you join the session on time.
Disputes:
Clearmind International Institute Inc. is a Canadian company, and as such any disputes will be solely settled in a court in the Jurisdiction of Canada or BC. The credentials, designations and qualifications of facilitators are designations assigned in Canada. The same or similar designations may mean something different in your country or area of residence. You as the participant understand that we do not make any representations about what our qualifications, designations or credentials mean in your particular jurisdiction.
Confidentiality:
You agree you are participating in this workshop of your own volition, and any information you share about your personal life and experiences is of your own choosing.  You understand your information is held confidential within the Clearmind organization as a whole, and will not be shared externally without appropriate permissions. You understand that you will be provided with an informed consent document to review and sign that further details confidentiality.
Proprietary Information:
You understand that the teachings, processes, audio visual material of works, and other material containing proprietary information, originating from or through Clearmind International or its founders, may be used solely for personal use and is not to be distributed without permission.
Privacy Policy:
For information on our privacy policy please see our privacy policy page.
Privacy Policy