https://cmch.tv/about-us/terms-of-use/
When accessing The Center on Media and Child Health’s website, you also agree to be bound by Boston Children’s Hospital’s Terms of Use available here: http://www.childrenshospital.org/legal/terms-of-use. The following additional Terms of Use also apply.
Our Online Forms
The Center on Media and Child Health website has forms for:
Submitting questions to Ask the Mediatrician
Subscribing to our Ask the Mediatrician blog, Research Blog, and Media Health Matters e-newsletter
Requesting a talk, panel or lecture from a Center on Media and Child Health team member
Surveys
On these forms, we request that you submit personal information, including, but not limited to: your name, your city & state, and your email address. Ways that we may use this information are, for example: to make sure that people who are on our mailing list are 13 years or older, or to ensure that we have appropriate contact information from individuals or institutions who complete our online permissions request form. Below are more detailed descriptions of the kinds of information we may request from you, and how we use that information.
Contacting Us
Our readers can contact us by phone, mail, or e-mail to provide us with feedback about the web site. When possible, the staff of the Center on Media and Child Health responds to these questions, and, once the correspondence is complete, we archive the exchange, to preserve our readers’ privacy.
Our web and email servers have typical privacy safeguards to insure that your online forms and emails will not be viewed inappropriately. However, these servers, like most, are not 100% secure. If you wish to avoid even a remote chance of a breach of your online privacy, please do not send us correspondence via online form, or by email.
Mailing List Members
Our readers can join one or more of our email mailing lists. We use our mailing lists to:
Send an e-mail when a new blog has been posted to Ask the Mediatrician
Send an e-mail when a new blog has been posted to the Research Blog
Send an e-mail with other Center on Media and Child Health news and announcements
We do not use our mailing lists for any other purpose, nor do we share the lists with any other party. Email list members who wish to be removed may contact us by email and will be promptly removed, and their addresses will not be stored.
Our Ask the Mediatrician Feature
Users may submit questions to our Ask the Mediatrician feature via email or our online form. By asking a question, you grant us full permission to edit and share your post on our website, as well as share your geographic location.
Our Surveys
From time to time the Center on Media and Child Health offers online surveys on the website. The purpose of the surveys is to gather information about how our readers use the site, and what kind of improvements they would like to see. We do not share your survey information with any other party, nor do we use it for any other purpose than to improve our web site and web services.
Permission Requests
If you wish to cite the Content from the website, you must cite it correctly, including the following:
Page title
Web address (*URL)
Date Accessed
Author: Center on Media and Child Health
Reviewers, if applicable
Date Updated
Publisher: Center on Media and Child Health, Boston Children’s Hospital
Center on Media and Child Health is a trademark of Boston Children’s Hospital. All other trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos appearing on the website are the property of their respective owners.
If you wish to use the Content in any other manner, you must request such use in writing by email. You should expect that we will respond within 21 days to your request.
Should you have any questions concerning the Center on Media and Child Health, please contact us at:
Center on Media and Child Health
CMCH BCH3186
300 Longwood Avenue
Boston, MA 02115
USA
E-mail: cmch@childrens.harvard.edu | Phone: 617-355-5420
IP Addresses
An IP address is an ID number generated for your computer when you go online. The Center on Media and Child Health web site coordinators keeps track of the IP addresses of visitors to our site. We use these addresses to learn about our readership, and to learn which of our web articles are most viewed, for how long, and in which countries. We do not share this information with any other party. We also do not associate your IP address with other information that you may provide to us in one of our online forms. We will, however, provide IP address information that may personally identify you when required to do so by law.
Third Parties
The Center on Media and Child Health does not share any of your personal information with third parties except as anonymous aggregate information to illustrate site usage to prospective donors, grantors, and journalists.