https://collegepark.ws/miscellaneous/privacy-policy/
Who we areOur website address is: https://collegepark.ws.What personal data we collect and why we collect itMediaIf you upload images to the website, you should be aware that images often contain embedded data, including location data (EXIF GPS). Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Do not upload images with embedded data you wish to remain private.CookiesIf you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. Certain photo galleries on our website use cookies to control the display of slideshows. One cookie indicates whether you wish to view the gallery as a slideshow or as static images. The second cookie records your preference for the time interval between slides. You may disable cookies in your browser if your browser, but then you must only view these galleries by clicking through photos one at a time, and not as a slide show.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to monitor visitor behavior so that we can improve the experience for each person who comes to our website. Google Analytics records the number of visitors and how they use the site. For example, it records how visitors reached us, how long they stayed on each page, the kind of computer they were using, browsers being used, and similar information. We record no personally identifiable information. Our use of this data complies with the Google Analytics Terms of Service. If you do not want to be tracked here or elsewhere by Google Analytics, consider installing a browser plug-in to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking.Social Media Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com