https://collective.my/privacy
Privacy Policy Notice
The Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (the "Act"), which regulates the processing of personal data in commercial transactions, applies to all entities under and/or related to Collective (the "Church") (collectively, “our”, “us” or “we”). For the purpose of this written notice ("Notice"), the terms “personal data” and “processing” shall have the same meaning as prescribed in the Act.
This Notice is meant to be read together with the Terms of Use, of which cross-refers to this Privacy Police Notice.
1. This Notice serves to inform you that your personal data is being processed by the Church and by using or accessing https://www.collective.my (the “Website”) and/or other related applications, you hereby give your consent to the processing of your personal data.
2. Your personal data includes your full name, gender, date of birth, email address, home or office mailing address, telephone number, NRIC no., passport number, bank account no. and credit or debit card nos., location, donation history, educational qualifications, religious information, preferences, interests and all other related personal data we may again collect from you on any subsequent occasion.
3. Your personal data is being or is to be collected and further processed for:
(a) communicating with you on any information, detail, and/or material in relation to the program, activity and/or works of the Church;
(b) operate the Website;
(c) performing the general terms and conditions, including but not limited to the Terms of Use of the Website.
(d) responding to your inquiries and/or complaints;
(e) processing payments and the relevant documents for registration and/or subscription to any program, activity or works of the Church;
(f) conducting surveys and/or analysis about the program, activity or works of the Church;
(g) compliance with any legal requirements; and
(h) such other purposes directly related to the foregoing.
(collectively, the “Purposes”).
4. The Church does not sell, rent or lease the personal data and/or information collected to third parties. The Church may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, the Church may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you e-mail or postal mail, provide support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to the Church, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
5. Your personal data, and all other information that you may provide us from time to time, is being or is to be collected from: the Website(s) and/or its related applications, and from third party payment gateway(s) for, amongst others, the Purposes.
6. In operating this Website, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Website gives to your computer when you access a website. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Website and help us analyse the Website usage more accurately.
7. You have the right to request access to and to request correction of your personal data and to contact us with any inquiries or complaints in respect of your personal data (including the possible choices and means for limiting the processing of your personal data or to cease or not begin processing your personal data for purposes of direct marketing). If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at info@collective.my The Church will endeavor to get back to you within fourteen (14) working days.
8. Subject to provisions of the Act:
(a) you may, upon payment of a prescribed fee, make a data access request in writing to us; and
(b) we may refuse to comply with a data access request or a data correction request and shall, by notice in writing, inform you of our refusal and the reasons of our refusal.
9. We disclose or may disclose your personal data to all entities related to the Church as stated above, related third party goods and service provider(s), third party payment gateway(s), our related corporations, business partners, service providers, governmental departments and/or agencies, regulatory and/or statutory bodies and any such third party requested or authorized by you for the Purposes.
10. We won't share your personal information with anyone except for the situations listed below or unless we specifically inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of our sharing your personal information.
11. We may share your personal information with:
(a) Authorized third party goods and service provider(s). Our third party authorized goods and service providers are companies that allows for the purchase of goods and certain services. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit and debit card payments, bank transfers, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analyses, supporting the Website functionality, and supporting surveys and other features we offer. These service providers may have access to your personal information to the extent necessary to perform their functions, but we do not allow them to share or use any of your personal information for any other purpose.
(b) Affiliates. We may share information we collect, including personal information, with the affiliates of the Church. Sharing information with our affiliates enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you. All of the Church affiliates are required to comply with applicable privacy and security laws and, at a minimum, in any commercial email they send to you, will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such email messages in the future.
(c) Other Situations. We also may disclose your information:
(i) In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by Malaysian law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
(ii) When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the Website's Terms or other agreements or policies.
(iii) In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of insolvency.
12. We may require your assistance if the personal data relating to other third parties is required to process your personal data for the Purposes and you hereby agree to use your best endeavors to assist us when required.
13. It is obligatory that you supply us your email address, phone number, first name, last name and identification details (such as NRIC or passport) (collectively, “compulsory personal data”). If you fail to supply us with the compulsory personal data, we may refuse to process your personal data for any of the Purposes.
14. We may transfer your personal data to a place outside Malaysia and you hereby give your consent to the transfer.
15. You are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, not misleading and kept up to date.
16. If, at any time after registering, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about the use of information volunteered by you, please send us a request specifying your new choice. Please contact us as specified above.
17. Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Church may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in its sole discretion. The Church encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website and the services and/features therein after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
18. The Website and our related services are not intended for those under 18, and we do not knowingly collect information from those under the age of 18. Those under 18 should not submit any personal information without the permission of their parents or guardians. By using the Website, our related applications and/or services. you are representing that you are at least 18.
19. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website and its related applications and/or service, and not to any third-party sites. The Church’s website may contain links to third-party websites, and third-party websites may also have links to our website. Our privacy policy does not apply to external links or other websites. The operators of other websites may collect your personal information. The Church encourage you to read the privacy policies of any website you link to from our website.
20. We take reasonable precautions to ensure the security your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that hackers or unauthorized personnel will not gain access to your personal information despite our efforts. You should note that in using the Website and our related applications and/or services, this information will travel through third party infrastructures which are not under our control. We cannot protect, nor does this Privacy Policy apply to, any information that you transmit to other users of the Website. You should never transmit personal or identifying information to other users.
If we do not receive the declaration confirming that you have received this Notice and consent to our processing of your personal data below within fourteen (14) days from the date of this Notice, we will assume that you have consented to our processing of your personal data in accordance with the above.