http://coloradopatents.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Note: This web site is intended for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer client relationship.
The purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit our web site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information that you provide to us.
If we offer items for sale from this web site using ecommerce, we use the information you provide when you place an order (name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information) for the purpose of filling your order only. We do not use this information to create targeted mailings (email or postal mail), or for telephone solicitation. We also do not share any of this information with anyone. We will only contact you by email and/or phone either in the event of a problem or question regarding an order you have placed, or in response to mail you have sent us.
And of course, your credit card information is held completely confidential and secure; orders are placed using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address, postal address, home or work telephone number, credit card number (only if you choose to purchase a product online), for purposes such as correspondence or making a purchase.
Like many other web sites, our web site uses a standard technology called web statistics or web stats to collect information about how our web site is used. Web stats are designed to help a web site recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Our web stat technology cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address. Our web site may use cookies to enhance your visit. Cookies can securely store a user’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart.” Our cookies may collect your domain name and track your selections through our web pages. We only use “cookies” to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you without your consent.
If you sign up for email news or contact us, we will not share or sell your email address or other information for any purpose other than your interest in the Piney Creek Air Park development.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the addresses or phone number below, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at:
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm
Search for:
Recent CommentsArchives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org