https://comicrelief.org/comic-relief-usa-child-safeguarding-policy
Search
Opens search box
Shop login
Pinterest
Follow us on pinterest
Pinterest
Follow us on pinterest
Rednoseday Instagram
Visit Rednoseday instagram page
Visit our Twitter account
Visit our Twitter account
Youtube
Follow us on youtube
Youtube
Follow us on youtube
Comic Relief
Visit the Comic Relief site
Close
Close window
Get the latest
Opens email sign up box
Facebook share icon
Share current page on Facebook
Twitter share icon
Share current page on Twitter
Skip to main content
Comic Relief US is working to create a just world free from poverty, and full of opportunity
By powering inspiring campaigns like Red Nose Day and Hand in Hand: a Benefit for Hurricane Relief, Comic Relief US raises money and awareness to address the needs of the most vulnerable communities here in America, and around the world.
This critical work is only possible with your support. Thanks to the unwavering generosity of the public and our partners through the power of entertainment, together we are changing lives.
Donate today to stand with Comic Relief US. Your gift is 100% tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Giving monthly is a powerful way to stand with Comic Relief all year long.
By powering inspiring campaigns like Red Nose Day and Hand in Hand: a Benefit for Hurricane Relief, Comic Relief US raises money and awareness to address the needs of the most vulnerable communities here in America, and around the world.
Even when the unpredictable happens, your ongoing support helps Comic Relief US respond swiftly and sustain its critical work.
Your donations are 100% tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Comic Relief Inc., DBA Comic Relief US is a registered U.S. 501(c)(3) public charity. Comic Relief US Tax ID # (EIN) 01-0885377.
By checking the Email consent box & clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to receive emails from Comic Relief US. To opt-out, click “unsubscribe” within an email or write to us. See our Privacy Policy for details.
By checking the SMS consent box & clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to receive up to 12 automated text messages/year from Comic Relief, Inc. to the mobile number provided. Consent not required to purchase/donate. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Terms: ComicRelief.org/Privacy
Complete your
gift to make a difference.
I'm ready
Not today
COMIC RELIEF US SAFEGUARDING POLICY
You can download Comic Relief US’s Safeguarding Policy by clicking here