https://comicrelief.org/about-us/terms-of-use
Search
Opens search box
Shop login
Pinterest
Follow us on pinterest
Pinterest
Follow us on pinterest
Rednoseday Instagram
Visit Rednoseday instagram page
Visit our Twitter account
Visit our Twitter account
Youtube
Follow us on youtube
Youtube
Follow us on youtube
Comic Relief
Visit the Comic Relief site
Close
Close window
Get the latest
Opens email sign up box
Facebook share icon
Share current page on Facebook
Twitter share icon
Share current page on Twitter
Skip to main content
Comic Relief US is working to create a just world free from poverty, and full of opportunity
By powering inspiring campaigns like Red Nose Day and Hand in Hand: a Benefit for Hurricane Relief, Comic Relief US raises money and awareness to address the needs of the most vulnerable communities here in America, and around the world.
This critical work is only possible with your support. Thanks to the unwavering generosity of the public and our partners through the power of entertainment, together we are changing lives.
Donate today to stand with Comic Relief US. Your gift is 100% tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Giving monthly is a powerful way to stand with Comic Relief all year long.
By powering inspiring campaigns like Red Nose Day and Hand in Hand: a Benefit for Hurricane Relief, Comic Relief US raises money and awareness to address the needs of the most vulnerable communities here in America, and around the world.
Even when the unpredictable happens, your ongoing support helps Comic Relief US respond swiftly and sustain its critical work.
Your donations are 100% tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Comic Relief Inc., DBA Comic Relief US is a registered U.S. 501(c)(3) public charity. Comic Relief US Tax ID # (EIN) 01-0885377.
By checking the Email consent box & clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to receive emails from Comic Relief US. To opt-out, click “unsubscribe” within an email or write to us. See our Privacy Policy for details.
By checking the SMS consent box & clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to receive up to 12 automated text messages/year from Comic Relief, Inc. to the mobile number provided. Consent not required to purchase/donate. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Terms: ComicRelief.org/Privacy
Complete your
gift to make a difference.
I'm ready
Not today
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
Effective Date: May 11, 2018.
1. Introduction and Overview.
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) set forth a legally binding agreement between you and Comic Relief, Inc. (AGB), a nonprofit Delaware corporation, and its various programs, including, without limitation, the Red Nose Day Fund and the Hand in Hand Fund (“Comic Relief”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), and govern your use of any online service location that posts a link to these Terms, including, without limitation, www.comicrelief.org, www.rednoseday.org and www.handinhand2017.com websites, and all features, content, and other services that we own, control and make available through such online service location (collectively, the “Service”).
In some instances, both these Terms and separate terms elsewhere on the Service will apply to your use of the Service (“Additional Terms”). To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control unless they expressly state otherwise.
By using the Service, you agree to these Terms, and consent to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree and consent, discontinue use of the Service.
2. Service Use.
A. Donations
1. Tax Exempt Status. Comic Relief, Inc. is a public charity recognized by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as tax exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Red Nose Day Fund and Hand in Hand Fund are programs of Comic Relief, Inc. Donations to Comic Relief, Inc. are tax deductible to the extent provided by U.S. law.
2. Donations. The Service enables you to make a donation to us by using your credit card. If you elect to make a donation through the Service, you will be asked by Comic Relief or an authorized third party on Comic Relief’s behalf to supply certain information, including without limitation, your full name, email address and credit card information. You agree to provide us or such third party with accurate, complete and current information at all times. You further agree that you are responsible for all donations made using your credit card, and that Comic Relief shall not be liable for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your credit card, either with or without your knowledge.
3. Foreign Currency. While we do not actively solicit funds outside of the U.S., users from several countries outside of the U.S. will be able to make donations to Comic Relief through the Service. All donations will be processed in U.S. Dollars, but debited in the user’s local currency, based on exchange rates used by our merchant bank provider at the time the payment is processed.
4. If you wish to donate to Comic Relief, or any of its programs, including without limitation, the Red Nose Day Fund or Hand in Hand Fund, or sponsor anyone raising money for Comic Relief or any of its programs, please note that your donation or sponsorship is non-refundable. If you sponsor someone to do any activity for Comic Relief, your sponsorship is not conditional on the activity being completed.
B. Content.
The Service contains: (i) materials and other items relating to Comic Relief and its products and services, and similar items from our licensors and other third parties, including all layout, information, databases, articles, posts, text, data, files, images, scripts, designs, graphics, instructions, illustrations, photographs, sounds, pictures, videos, advertising copy, URLs, technology, software, interactive features, the “look and feel” of the Service, and the compilation, assembly, and arrangement of the materials of the Service and any and all copyrightable material; (ii) trademarks, logos, trade names, trade dress, service marks, and trade identities of various parties, including those of Comic Relief, and its programs the Red Nose Day Fund and the Hand in Hand Fund; and (iii) other forms of intellectual property (all of the foregoing, collectively “Content”). All right, title, and interest in and to the Service and the Content is the property of Comic Relief or our licensors or certain other third parties, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent and/or other intellectual property and unfair competition rights and laws to the fullest extent possible.
C. Limited License.
Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, Comic Relief grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to download, display, view, use, and play the Content on a personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone, or other internet-enabled device (each, a “Device”) and/or print one copy of the Content as it is displayed to you, in each case for your personal, non-commercial use only. The foregoing limited license (i) does not give you any ownership of, or any other intellectual property interest in, any Content, and (ii) may be suspended or terminated for any reason, in Comic Relief’s sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. Your unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, communications, and other laws, and any such use may result in your personal liability, including potential criminal liability.
D. Accounts.
Certain features of the Service may require you to register an account. When registering an account, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information; (ii) maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete; (iii) protect and prevent unauthorized access to your account; (iv) not transfer or share your account with any third party; and (v) immediately notify us of any suspected or actual unauthorized use of your account or breach of security. Please note that you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether or not you authorized the activity, and we are not liable for any loss or damage to you or any third party arising from your failure to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
E. Restrictions.
You may not use the Service unless you are at least eighteen (18) years old.
You may not: (i) use the Service or Content for any political or commercial purpose; (ii) engage in any activity in connection with the Service or Content that is unlawful, harmful, offensive, sexually explicit, obscene, violent, threatening, harassing, abusive, falsely representative of your persona, invasive of someone else’s privacy, or otherwise objectionable to Comic Relief; (iii) harvest any information from the Service or Content; (iv) reverse engineer or modify the Service or Content; (v) interfere with the proper operation of or any security measure used by the Service or Content; (vi) infringe any intellectual property or other right of any third party; (vii) use the Service or Content in a manner that suggests an unauthorized association or is beyond the scope of the limited license granted to you; or (viii) otherwise violate these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms.
You agree to comply with all local, state, federal, national, foreign, supranational, and international laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, treaties, directives, and agreements that apply to your use of the Service and Content.
F. Availability.
Comic Relief may suspend or terminate the availability of the Service and Content, in whole or in part, to any individual user or all users, for any reason, in Comic Relief’s sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. Upon suspension or termination of your access to the Service, or upon notice from Comic Relief, all rights granted to you under these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms will cease immediately, and you agree that you will immediately discontinue use of the Service and Content.
G. Reservation of Rights.
All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by Comic Relief and its licensors and other third parties. No right or license may be construed, under any legal theory, by implication, estoppel, industry custom, or otherwise. Any unauthorized use of the Content or Service for any purpose is prohibited.
3. Submissions.
If you submit any unsolicited ideas, feedback, opinions, or other content to us through or relating to the Service (“Submissions”), you grant us a non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable and cost-free right and license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, combine with other materials, publish, distribute, create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, sublicense (including, without limitation, to third party media channels, platforms, and distributors), publicly perform, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit in any manner whatsoever, or grant third parties the right to do any of the foregoing, all or any portion of your Submissions, for any purpose whatsoever in all formats, on or through any means or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market, and promote the same. You further irrevocably grant us the right, but not the obligation, to use your name in connection with your Submissions. You also agree to waive any right of approval for our use of the rights granted herein and agree to waive any moral rights that you may have in any Submissions, even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. To the extent not waivable, you irrevocably agree not to exercise such rights in a manner that interferes with any exercise of the granted rights.
You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration, or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this Section. Our receipt of your Submissions is not an admission of their novelty, priority, or originality, and it does not impair our right to existing or future intellectual property rights relating to your Submissions.
You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents, and permissions to grant us the rights granted in this Section. You alone, though, retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that you have in your Submission and remain responsible for them.
4. Copyright Infringement.A. DMCA Notification.
Company responds to copyright notifications submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512 (“DMCA”). To submit a notice of claimed copyright infringement under U.S. law, provide our designated agent with the following written information:
• A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on his or her behalf;
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
• Identification of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that material;
• Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an e-mail address;
• A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner asserted is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Our designated agent can be reached by email or physical mail at the addresses below:
Designated Agent
Comic Relief, Inc.
28 Liberty Street
35th Floor
New York, NY 10005
Phone: 844-488-5246
Email: dmca@comicrelief.org, with the subject line DMCA
You can obtain further information from the Copyright Office’s online directory at www.dmca.copyright.gov/osp.
We will respond to notifications of claimed copyright infringement in accordance with the DMCA.
B. Counter Notification.
If you believe that your material has been removed in error in response to a copyright notification, you may submit a counter notification to our designated agent with the following written information:
• A physical or electronic signature;
• Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
• A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
• Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the U.S., for any judicial district in which Company may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
We will respond to counter notifications in accordance with the DMCA.
5. Products.
We do our best to describe every product or service offered on our Service as accurately as possible. However, we are human, and therefore we do not warrant that product specifications, pricing, or other content on the Service is complete, accurate, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event of any errors relating to the pricing or specifications, Comic Relief shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders in its sole discretion. If we charged your credit card or other account prior to our cancellation, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge. Additional Terms may apply. If a product or service you purchased from Comic Relief is not as described, your sole remedy is to cancel the purchase and receive a credit for the purchase price.
All physical products purchased from the Service are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon delivery to the carrier.
For any purchases made through third party platform providers, such as Omaze, Walgreens, Duane Reade, Google, Apple, or Amazon, please contact their customer support. Their terms, conditions and policies, and not ours, apply and we do not handle returns or refund requests for purchases through those third party platform providers.
6. Customer Support.
If you have any questions or comments, please send an e-mail to us at info@comicrelief.org, or contact@rednoseday.org if your questions or comments concern the Red Nose Day Fund or site. You acknowledge that the provision of support is at Comic Relief’s sole discretion and that we have no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind. All legal notices to us must be mailed to: Comic Relief, Inc. 28 Liberty Street, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10005. When you communicate with us electronically, you consent to receive communications from us electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
7. Third Party Services.
Our Service contains content from and hyperlinks to websites, locations, platforms, and services operated and owned by third parties (“Third Party Services”). For example, you may use a Third Party Service such as a payment processor when you make a donation to us through the Service. We may also integrate third party technologies into our Service and host our content on Third Party Services. These Third Party Services are not owned, controlled, or operated by us, and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the information, content, products, technologies, or services on or available from such Third Party Services, or for the results to be obtained from using them. If you choose to access, transact with, or otherwise interact with any such Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk. For more information on Third Party Services, see our Privacy Policy.
8. Service Features.A. Wireless Features.
The Service may offer features that are available to you via your wireless Device including the ability to access the Service’s features and upload content to the Service (collectively, “Wireless Features”). By using the Service, you agree that Company may collect information related to your use of the Wireless Features as described in our Privacy Policy, and may change, alter, or modify the settings or configurations on your Device in order to allow for or optimize your use of the Service. Data rates and other carrier fees may apply.
B. Location-Based Features.
If you have location-based features on your wireless Device and/or if you agree to have your location tracked on your Device, you acknowledge that your Device location will be tracked and shared consistent with the Privacy Policy. You can refuse to provide permission for location-tracking when prompted, or terminate location tracking by adjusting the permissions in your Device. Location-based features are used at your own risk and location data may not be accurate.
C. Communications
(i) E-mails: You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional e-mails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in e-mails to click on the unsubscribe link, or contacting us at info@comicrelief.org or contact@rednoseday.org (for emails from the Red Nose Day Fund) with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the e-mail. Your opt-out will not affect non-promotional e-mails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Company’s ongoing business relations.
(ii) Text Messages and Calls: We may send you reoccurring text messages and calls (including prerecorded and/or by autodialer) to the phone number you provide for transactional and direct marketing purposes. You understand that your consent is not required as a condition of purchase or donation, and that you can opt-out of receiving text messages or calls from us at any time by: (i) for text messages, texting “STOP” in response to any text message you receive from us or contacting us at info@comicrelief.org (or contact@rednoseday.org for texts from the Red Nose Day Fund) and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages; and (ii) for calls, requesting opt-out during any call you receive from us or contacting us at info@comicrelief.org (or contact@rednoseday.org for calls from the Red Nose Day Fund) and specifying you want to opt-out of calls. For text messages, you can also text “HELP” at any time for more information. You understand that you may receive a text message confirming any opt-out by you. Standard message, data, and other fees may be charged by your carrier, and carriers may deduct charges from pre-paid amounts or data allowances, for which you are responsible. Not all phone and/or carriers are supported. Contact your carrier for further details.
Please note that any opt-out by you is limited to the e-mail address, device, or phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
9. Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes and Choice of Law.PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
A. We Both Agree to Arbitrate.
You and Comic Relief agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms through final and binding arbitration, except to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Comic Relief’s intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights). Under such circumstances Comic Relief may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Service, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described herein.
B. What is Arbitration.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court and seeks to resolve disputes more quickly. Instead of a judge or a jury, the case will be decided by a neutral arbitrator who has the power to award the same damages and relief that a court can. If any provision of this arbitration agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision shall be severed, and the remaining arbitration terms shall be enforced.
C. Arbitration Procedures.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute resolution provision. Arbitration shall be initiated through JAMS. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms shall be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures in front of one arbitrator. If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms, the rules set forth in this Terms will govern. The JAMS Rules and instructions for how to initiate an arbitration are available from JAMS at http://www.jamsadr.com or 1-800-352-5267. To initiate arbitration, you or Comic Relief must do the following things:
(1) Write a demand for Arbitration. The demand must include a description of the Claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. You can find a copy of a demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.
(2) Send three copies of the demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee to: JAMS to your local JAMS office or to JAMS, Two Embarcadero Center, Suite 1500, San Francisco, CA 94111.
(3) Send one copy of the demand for Arbitration to the other party.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS Rules. If travelling to New York is a burden, you may participate in the arbitration by phone or via document submission to the fullest extent allowable by the arbitrator. Each party will bear their own costs of arbitration unless the arbitrator directs that bearing such costs would be an undue burden and in that case, we will pay for your portion of the arbitration administrative costs (but not your attorneys’ fees). Arbitration under this agreement shall be held in the United States in New York, NY under New York law without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The arbitration may award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive relief). Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
D. Authority of Arbitrator.
The arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Comic Relief, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the Arbitration Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Comic Relief.
E. No Class Actions.
You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed.
F. Waiver of Jury Trial.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and Comic Relief in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND COMIC RELIEF WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT YOU MAY CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY IN DECIDING TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE.
G. Choice of Law/Forum Selection.
In any circumstances where the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes permits the parties to litigate in court, these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflict of law rules. You further expressly consent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of a court of competent jurisdiction located in New York, NY.
10. Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS. NEITHER COMIC RELIEF NOR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “COMIC RELIEF PARTIES”) MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER AS TO THE CONTENT OR OTHER SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THESE DISCLAIMERS DO NOT EXCLUDE ANY PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS, DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH PERSONAL INJURY OR RESULTING FROM COMIC RELIEF INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, RECKLESSNESS, FRAUD, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.
11. Limitations of Our Liability.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMIC RELIEF PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR SYSTEM FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, BUSINESS OR GOOD-WILL, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH (A) THE SERVICE, (B) THESE TERMS OR (C) YOUR MISUSE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER THE ASSERTED LIABILITY OR DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, INDEMNIFICATION, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THESE DISCLAIMERS HEREIN DO NOT EXCLUDE ANY PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS, DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH PERSONAL INJURY OR RESULTING FROM COMIC RELIEF’S INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, RECKLESSNESS, FRAUD, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.
12. Indemnification.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Comic Relief Parties from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with any of the following: (i) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms; (ii) your Submissions; (iii) your misuse of the Service; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental or quasi-governmental authorities; (v) your violation of the rights of any third party, including any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; (vi) your use of a Third Party Service; or (vii) any misrepresentation made by you. Comic Relief reserves the right to assume, at your expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. You agree to cooperate with Comic Relief’s defense of any claim. You will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Comic Relief.
This provision does not require you to indemnify us for any unconscionable commercial practice by us or for our fraud, deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, suppression or omission of any material fact in connection with the Service.
13. Waiver of Injunctive or other Equitable Relief.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF OF ANY KIND, SUCH AS ANY COURT OR OTHER ACTION THAT MAY INTERFERE WITH OR PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEBSITE, APPLICATION, CONTENT, SUBMISSIONS, PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNED, LICENSED, USED OR CONTROLLED BY COMIC RELIEF OR A LICENSOR OF COMIC RELIEF.
14. Updates to Terms.
We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, without prior notice. You agree that we may notify you of any updated Terms and any applicable Additional Terms by posting them on the Service so that they are accessible via a link from the home page, and/or to send you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us. All such changes are effective immediately when we post them, or such later date as may be specified in the notice of updated Terms and any applicable Additional Terms. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse is to cease using the Service.
15. General Provisions.A. Consent or Approval.
No Comic Relief consent or approval may be deemed to have been granted by Comic Relief without being in writing and signed by an officer of Comic Relief.
B. Survival.
The provisions of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, which by their nature should survive termination of your use of the Service, including sections on Service Use (except for the limited license), Unsolicited Submissions, Customer Support, Third Party Services, Service Features, Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes and Choice of Law, Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties, Limitations of Our Liability, Indemnification, Waiver of Injunctive or Other Equitable Relief, Updates to Terms, and General Provisions, will survive.
C. Severability; Interpretation; Assignment.
If any provision of these Terms, or any applicable Additional Terms, is for any reason deemed invalid, unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms or the Additional Terms, and the invalidity of the provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms or the Additional Terms. You hereby waive any applicable statutory and common law that may permit a contract to be construed against its drafter. The summaries of provisions and section headings are provided for convenience only and shall not limit the full Terms. Comic Relief may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, in whole or in part, to any party at any time without any notice. These Terms and any applicable Additional Terms may not be assigned by you, and you may not delegate your duties under them, without the prior written consent of an officer of Comic Relief.
D. Complete Agreement; No Waiver.
These Terms, and any applicable Additional Terms, reflect our complete agreement regarding the Service and supersede any prior agreements, representations, warranties, assurances or discussion related to the Service. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms, (i) no failure or delay by you or Comic Relief in exercising any of rights, powers, or remedies under will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy, and (ii) no waiver or modification of any term of these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.E. International Issues.
Comic Relief controls and operates the Service from the U.S., and Comic Relief makes no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use beyond the U.S. You agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to these Terms or to any sale of goods carried out as a result of your use of the Service. Software related to or made available by the Service may be subject to export controls of the U.S., and, except as authorized by law, you agree and warrant not to export or re-export the software to any county, or to any person, entity, or end-user subject to U.S. export controls or sanctions.F. Investigations; Cooperation with Law Enforcement.
Comic Relief reserves the right to investigate and prosecute any suspected breaches of these Terms or the Service. Comic Relief may disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.G. California Consumer Rights and Notices.
Residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at: 400 R St., Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254. Their website is located at: http://www.dca.ca.gov.
Last modified: May 2018
PayPal 1% Donation Match for Red Nose Day Campaign Terms and Conditions
Make a donation to The Red Nose Day Fund, a program of Comic Relief Inc. registered 501c3, Tax #(EIN) 01-0885377, using PayPal at starting 12:01am PDT on May 1st, 2019 through 11:59pm PDT on May 30, 2019 and we’ll match 1% of every donation made (“Offer”).
In order to receive this Offer, you must: a) have a U.S. PayPal account in good standing, and b) complete a donation on the Red Nose Day website using your PayPal account no later than May 30, 2019 at 11:59 PDT.
The following transactions are excluded from this Offer: any donation made when you are not logged into your PayPal account, including PayPal Cash Mastercard®, PayPal Cashback Mastercard®, PayPal Prepaid Mastercard, PayPal Extras Mastercard®, and PayPal Business Debit Mastercard purchases made using the card directly and not through your PayPal account.
Your contribution may be tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. Please consult your tax advisor to understand your specific circumstances. No goods or services will be provided in exchange for your donation.
PayPal reserves the right to cancel, suspend or modify part or this entire Offer at any time without notice, for any reason in their sole discretion.
Last updated: April 2019