https://communityfoundations.ca/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Community Foundations of Canada (“CFC”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This CFC Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use and disclosure by CFC of information about identifiable individuals (“Personal Information”) collected by CFC during its operations and provision of services to members of CFC and others, and through our websites.
Collection of your Personal Information
CFC may collect Personal Information when you provide it to us, such as your e-mail address, name, home address or telephone number. CFC may also collect demographic information, such as your postal code, age, gender, preferences and interests.
You can choose voluntarily to create a public profile on some of our websites, containing information about yourself, such as your hobbies, expertise, associations and interests. Any information you choose to enter in your public profile will be visible to other users of our websites and when you interact with other users (for example through blogs, forums, and chat rooms), a link to your public profile may be displayed. Please keep in mind, when considering whether to provide Personal Information through a CFC website, that any information you provide may be collected and used by others.
CFC may collect information about your visit to our websites, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken within our websites. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring web site addresses.
Certain CFC website services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with other companies. If you register for or use such services, both CFC and the other companies may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
Use of your Personal Information
CFC uses your Personal Information to its deliver our services to our members and others, including those who use our websites.
Our website services may include the display of customized content and advertising based upon the information CFC has collected. CFC also uses your Personal Information to inform you of other products or services available from CFC and may use your Personal Information to send you surveys regarding our current services or new services that CFC is considering offering.
Disclosure or transfer of your Personal Information
CFC does not sell, rent or lease its membership or user lists to third parties. CFC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of a third party about a particular offering or materials that we believe may be of interest to you. In those cases, your Personal Information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies (“Service Providers”) to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, internet service providers sending our messages or hosting our websites, providing member and user support, processing payment transactions, or performing statistical analyses of our services, marketing and membership support, among other CFC activities (collectively, the “Services”).
We will only permit Service Providers access to Personal Information to the extent that it is required to deliver the Services and will require them, through contractual means, to maintain the confidentiality of your information and respect your privacy. Specifically, we will require Service Providers to establish and maintain appropriate safeguards for Personal Information and prohibit them from using Personal Information we transfer to them, except for the purpose of providing the Services, and from disclosing such Personal Information.
CFC may access and/or disclose your Personal Information if required or permitted to do so by law. CFC may also access and/or disclose your Personal Information under the following circumstances: (a) to comply  with a legal requirement including but not limited to one imposed by a warrant, subpoena, court order or like instrument served on CFC; (b) where CFC has reasonable grounds to believe that such access or disclosure is necessary to prevent or investigate any breach of an agreement or contravention of a law;  or (c) in urgent circumstances to protect the life, health or security of any person.
CFC may also disclose your Personal Information to its successors or any assignee of CFC. Any use or disclosure of your Personal Information within CFC will remain subject to the limitations of this Privacy Policy.
Control of your Personal Information
In certain instances, CFC offers its members and others an opportunity to limit the collection, use and sharing of their Personal Information. For example, you may choose not to receive marketing or promotional material from CFC, on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties, and may stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail and newsletters. You may contact CFC at any time to unsubscribe from future marketing or promotional materials  Our contact details are set out below.
When providing Personal Information to CFC or responding to a communication from CFC, look for a button, box, or a question asking whether you want to provide or share your Personal Information, or an unsubscribe option.
If you withdraw your consent to receipt of materials or promotions, or unsubscribe from receiving electronic messages from CFC, you may choose to do so, but there may an impact on which services CFC is able to provide to you.
Security of your Personal Information
CFC is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the Personal Information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption technologies, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Some of the Service Providers used by CFC may be located outside of Canada or have computer servers located outside Canada. In such event, your Personal Information may be seen by foreign governments or their agencies.
Use of Cookies
CFC uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize the CFC pages on our websites, or register with CFC or subscribe to CFC services, a cookie helps to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your Personal Information, such as billing address, preferred e-mail address, and so on. When you return to a CFC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the CFC website features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Please note that if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our websites.
Use of Web Beacons
CFC web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that allow CFC to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. CFC.CA may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
CFC may also place web beacons from third parties on our site in order to compile aggregated statistics and to help determine the effectiveness of our joint promotional or advertising campaigns. CFC.CA prohibits third parties, by contractual means, from using web beacons on our websites to access your Personal Information.
Statistics and Sharing
Note: this copy is actually the same copy as the section immediately below and is thus a mistake.
Personal data collected by CFC is never shared without explicit consent. Any statistical or aggregate data that is gathered or shared for the purpose of statistical analysis is anonymized so it cannot be traced back to an individual record.
Links
CFC websites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Personal Information collected by websites owned by CFC.
Correction or Updating Personal Information
If a user’s Personal Information changes (such as postal code or email address), or if a user no longer desires our services, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s Personal Information provided to us.
Changes to this Policy
CFC encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy. CFC will occasionally update or change this Privacy Policy. When CFC makes changes to this Policy, you will see the word “updated” next to the Privacy Policy link on our website posting. The date that this Policy was last updated will appear at the top of the Policy.
Enforcement of this Privacy Policy
CFC welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that CFC has not adhered to this Policy, would like to access or request an amendment to your Personal Information being held by CFC, please contact CFC by telephone, e-mail, or postal mail using the contact information below.
Attn: Privacy Compliance OfficerCommunity Foundations of CanadaSuite 600, 123 Slater
Ottawa, ON
K1P 5H2
E: info@commuityfoundations.caP: 1-613-236-2664F: 1-613-236-1621