http://connorlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
|
CONNOR LAW GROUP | Raleigh Business Law & Business Litigation Law Firm
Business Law & Litigation – Asset Protection – Employment Law – 5511 Capital Center Dr., Ste. 180, Raleigh, NC 27606 – 919.237.9220
Home
Lawyers
Services
Business Law
Estate Planning
Bankruptcy / Asset Protection
Commercial Litigation / Complex Litigation
Blog
Contact
Newsletter – Sign Up
Gregory S. Connor, Attorney-at-Law
B.A. History, B.A. Political Science – Boston College,
magna cum laude
J.D. – Duke University School of Law
2004-2010 – General Counsel, Chapel Hill Chamber of Commerce
1995 – Admitted to North Carolina State Bar
U.S. District Court, Middle and Eastern District of NC
United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
Privacy Policy
1.
Information Collection & Use.
A. Registration.
You are NOT required to register to use this website.
You may receive a welcome email and our newsletter when you sign up with us by providing your email address.
Greg Connor, Esq is the sole owner of the information collected. Greg Connor, Esq collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
B.
Surveys or Contests. From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic or personalize the site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys), and to send participants an email newsletter.
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
2. Communications from the Site
A.
Special Offers and Updates.We will occasionally send you information on legal services.
You can sign up for these emails from us on our registration page.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out.”
B.
Newsletters. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out” section.
C.
Customer Service.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
D. Information Sharing and Disclosure Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable): We DO NOT share aggregated demographic information about our user base with any third party.
We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.
E.
Personally identifiable information: We DO NOT Share Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties
F.
Legal Disclaimer We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at gc@connorlaw.com.
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
G.
Log Files As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We DO NOT link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate usage and volume statistics to gauge the effectiveness of our site.
H.
Cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We do not use cookies on this site.
I.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs). We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, each email provides a link and means to opt-out.
J.
Links to Other Sites. This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by The Connor Law Firm, PLLC. Please be aware that we, The Connor Law Firm, PLLC, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
K.
Bulletin Boards/Chat Rooms: If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
3.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information Security The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at gc@connorlaw.com .
Changes in this Privacy Statement If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact Us: If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone Number: (919) 237-9220
2501 Blue Ridge Road, Suite 250
Raleigh, NC
27607
gc@connorlaw.com
www.connorlaw.com
Recent ArticlesNorth Carolina Trade Secrets Protection Act and the new federal Defend Trade Secrets Act 2016February 20th, 2017 "Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead." - Thomas Jefferson
ACTION ITEM FOR EMPLOYERS[...]Workers' Compensation Insurance Laws in North CarolinaOctober 24th, 2014QUICK LAW CHECK-UP: Does your North Carolina company have workers' compensation insurance or is it e[...]Collecting Money Owed in North Carolina CourtsJanuary 13th, 2014QUICK LAW CHECK-UP: Do your company agreements have:
1.  Provision for attorneys' fees and costs in[...]5 Reasons You Need a New WillJune 24th, 2013"A woman in Brooklyn decided to prepare her Will and make her final requests. She told her lawyer sh[...]5 Goods Reasons to Have a Buy-Sell AgreementJune 6th, 2013If you own a business with another individual - partnership, LLC, or corporation - you may have wond[...]
Privacy Policy
Raleigh Address: Capital Center - 5511 Capital Center Drive, Suite 180, Raleigh, NC 27606 - 919.237.9220
Law Practice Areas: Business Law, Estate Planning, Business Litigation, Estate Litigation, Bankruptcy / Asset Protection
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
AVVO Badge