https://conwaymackenzie.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Conway MacKenzie Privacy Policy
About this Policy
By accessing and using our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and are also agreeing to comply with our Terms of Use. Before submitting your personal information to our Site, please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and disclose personal information that we obtain through your use of our Site.
About Conway MacKenzie, Inc.
We are Conway MacKenzie, Inc., and we are located at 401 S. Old Woodward Avenue, Suite 340, Birmingham, MI 48009. We can be contacted at (248) 433-3100.
Our Site provides information to you about our services. When you visit our Site, some information will be automatically collected using cookies and similar technologies. We may ask your consent when required.
What You Should Know Before Using the Conway MacKenzie Site
Before using and sharing information through our Site, you should understand the different options you have and their meaning.
To search for information and to read some content, you don’t need to enter personal information such as your name or email address. If you choose to contact us or submit your information to subscribe to our newsletters, to obtain information on for job opportunities, you may be required to provide us with personal information that will be collected and stored in our system and with our providers.
If you are in the European Economic Area, UK, or Switzerland, your information will be transferred to Conway MacKenzie in the United States and you consent to this transfer.
If you have questions you can always contact us at privacy@ConwayMacKenzie.com.
Sources and Types of Personal Data We Collect from You
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way, this may include information that can identify you (“personally identifiable information”). We also store certain information automatically when you use or visit our Site and consent to our use of cookies.
Information we collect from visitors to our Site may include:
Your Name
Your email address that you choose to provide, including for requesting subscriptions to our newsletters or other information that may be of interest.
Your phone number if you choose to be contacted in that manner.
If you are submitting information for a job opportunity, we recommend that you use a personal email address and phone number, especially if you are submitting your email to be notified about future career opportunities.
For job applicants, you will also be required to submit other information related to your requirements and background, including your resume and/or provide a link through which your information can be accessed.
In addition to the information that is collected automatically and which you submit, we also collect information and tracking details for analytics on website usage that we may use in connection with evaluating leads and customer behavior. This information includes:
Your IP address
Session information
Source and referring site information
The amount of time you spend on the site
The number of visits to our Site
Any other unique information related to your visit
The purpose of collecting information on the website is primary to provide you with information about our services. When you submit information for job opportunities that is used by our human resources personnel to evaluate your qualifications. If you provide us with contact information, you understand and agree that you are providing consent for us to contact you directly with responses to your requests.
Information You Provide When Using Our Services and Social Media
When you use our services or our Site, you represent that you have the right to collect, store and process any personal information that is processed by our services.
You also have the opportunity to follow or connect with us through various social media channels. We provide links on our Site to some of these. If you choose to connect, follow, “Like” or otherwise use our social media platforms, you consent to our collection of information about you consistent with the policies of the providers of those platforms.
Use of Third Parties to Collect and Store Your Information
We use different technologies to assist us in collecting and analyzing information, including services such as Google Analytics and StatCounter. These services may change from time to time. As an example, Google Analytics assists us in evaluating web site metrics and other information to assist us in our marketing and sales efforts. Information about the Privacy Policy of Google Analytics can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy. These third parties may also assist us in providing technical and marketing support for our employees.
How We Use Your Information
Conway MacKenzie uses the information we collect about you in order to respond to your inquiries for information or to evaluate your application for a position with us. We use your information to personalize our communications to you, for analytics, for marketing and advertising purposes, including adding your email to our lists for distribution of newsletters and other information. We may also use that information to troubleshoot problems, prevent prohibited or illegal activities and to enforce our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. When it is necessary to fulfill our legitimate interests, we may also use your information to measure interest in and to improve our services and our Site and to customize your experience with Conway MacKenzie.
In some cases, we may have to comply with a legal obligation that requires use of your information such as in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process and requirements of the law, or to protect the rights of Conway MacKenzie. Finally, we can use your information when we determine it is necessary to address or investigate potentially illegal activities.
How We Share Your Information
Conway MacKenzie may share some of your information with third parties that assist us in providing services, for customer relationship management, marketing and communications and with the third-party vendors described in this Privacy Policy who provide services or functions on our behalf. These third parties may change from time to time but that will not affect our obligations to you.
If you choose to learn about career opportunities, you will be automatically taken to the site of a third party that manages this function and collects information for us.
We may also share aggregated data and high-level information in a way that does not identify individuals with companies and organizations for our business purposes and for analytics. We may also transfer your information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, investment, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy and the transfer of our assets to a third party.
How We Protect Your Information
We want you to feel confident about using our Site, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us.
For example, we use a third-party service for job applications. Your information that is submitted for these purposes is shared with authorized employees for permitted business functions. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to personal information we collect on the Site.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the Internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our Site while it is in transit over the Internet, and any such submission is at your own risk.
How You Can Control Your Information
If you are receiving our newsletters or other communications from us, it is because you have requested that information or your name and/or email address has been supplied by you to our personnel. You have the ability to unsubscribe and opt-out of future communications. You may be contacted periodically to confirm that you wish to continue to receive communications from us such as newsletters. If you do not wish to continue to receive email from us, you may choose to opt-out of future communications at that time. You can also contact us as described in this policy.
Children’s Privacy
We do not offer services directed to individuals under 18 years of age. No one under the age of 18 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, do not seek to register on this Site, use any of the features of this Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. Should an individual whom we know to be under the age of 18 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible. If you believe we might have this type of information, contact us.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email privacy@ConwayMacKenzie.com
Do Not Track Technologies
Some browsers may have settings to request that websites “Do Not Track” your activity or usage. At this time, we do not use services that will accommodate these technologies and your requests may not be able to be honored on our Site. We do use cookies, beacons and other technologies to track your usage and other information about your visit to our Site.
Retention Periods and Deletion
Conway MacKenzie retains your personal information to the extent necessary to reasonably serve you to meet our compliance and legal obligations, to enhance security and fraud prevention, and for audit purposes.
Your European Privacy Rights
If you are in the Europe Economic Area (the “European Union” or “EU”), we will provide accommodations for the exercise of your rights provided under data protection laws of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
If you are entitled to privacy rights under the GDPR, you are entitled to:
Transparency and the right to information. Through this policy we explain how we use and share your information. However, if you have questions or concerns you can contact us any time.
Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, erasure, and portability. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we process your personal data based on your consent. To exercise these rights, please contact us.
Right to opt-out to direct marketing. While we currently do not do such marketing, you have the right to opt-out at any time to receiving marketing materials from us by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial emails, by contacting us, or by adjusting your preferences on the Site. Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages relating to your PsyInnovations account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Right not to be subject to an automated decision, including profiling. We do not make automated decisions using your personal data that may negatively impact you. We use cookies and similar technologies on our Site to personalize your experience on the Site.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes your privacy rights according to the European Data Protection law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement.
Information about International Transfers
If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By visiting our Site or using our services, you consent to our collection and use of your information and understand that your information will be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Conway MacKenzie may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice on the Site.
How You Can Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@Conway MacKenzie.com, or by mail at Conway MacKenzie, Inc., 401 S. Old Woodward Avenue, Suite 340, Birmingham, MI 48009. We can be contacted at (248) 433-3100. Please provide your identification and contact details, including your email address used with this Site, and a complete explanation of your concern.
Last Updated on Wednesday, October 3, 2018