https://corporate.walmart.com/policies
Walmart Policies and Guidelines
and last updated on November 04, 2020 05:25 PM
Find a list of Walmart's most frequently requested public policies and guidelines, including our store return policy, coupon policy and more.
By
Find a list of Walmart's most frequently requested public policies and guidelines, including our store return policy, coupon policy and more.
Animal Welfare - Swine Assurance Position
Animal Welfare Position
Antibiotics in Farm Animals Position
Cage-Free Egg Supply Position
California B & P Code #22435
Conflict Minerals Policy
Coupon Policy
Environmental Sustainability Statement
Firearms and Ammunition Guidelines
Forests Policy
Fur Friendly Policy
Global Anti-Corruption Policy
GMO Position
Government Relations Policy
Human Rights Statement
Non-Discrimination - Healthcare Services
Photo and Video Use Policy
Price Match Policy
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Seafood Policy
Social Media Guidelines
Standards for Suppliers
Sustainable Chemistry Commitment
Walmart Statement of Ethics
Top
Animal Welfare - Swine Assurance Position
At Walmart and Sam’s Club we are committed to providing our customers with safe, affordable, and sustainable food as well as promoting the humane treatment of animals.  We seek continuous improvement in animal welfare practices within our fresh pork supply chain.  As a result, in addition to our current programs, Walmart and Sam’s Club are launching a new tracking and audit program for our fresh pork supply. Every fresh pork supplier will be required to meet the new program requirements.Walmart and Sam’s Club will continue to only accept fresh pork from animals raised under the standards of the National Pork Board’s (NPB’s) Pork Quality Assurance (PQA) Plus Program. Specific new tracking and audit requirements include:
Each fresh pork supplier must have on-farm video monitoring for sow farms and will be subject to unannounced animal welfare video audits by an accredited and independent third-party.-  Implementation of video monitoring on sow farms must be complete on 20% of production supplied to Walmart and Sam’s Club on sow farms by the end of 2014, with another 20% of production added each year for the next 4 years. This will result in 100% coverage by the end of 2018.-  Until all farms have video monitoring, an accredited and independent third-party will conduct annual on-site audits on farms without the technology. Farms will be given 72 hours notice.
Each fresh pork supplier must implement an internal annual animal welfare audit for all farms that includes a grading system and corrective action tracking. This must occur at all farms.-  These audits must be done by PQA Plus-certified personnel and must include annual audits and probable abuse audits.-  These audits will be done with 72 hours notice.-  The supplier must retain records on the audit results, including the grade, corrective actions and PQA Plus certification number.Each supplier must make the documentation and results of the tracking and audit program available to Walmart as requested, but not less than twice annually. -  Walmart and Sam’s Club will work with suppliers to determine an acceptable level of required performance after a benchmark is determined based on the supplier information.In addition, Walmart and Sam’s Club will make the following NPB PQA Plus program requirements mandatory:Each supplier must not only ensure that key management personnel are PQA Plus Certified but also require each production site to ensure that key management personnel that handle pigs are PQA Plus Certified. Each site must participate in the NPB third-party verification pool.At Walmart and Sam’s Club we value our relationships with US pork producers who are dedicated to providing the highest in quality and safety through practices that promote animal well-being. Our goal is to build more transparency and confidence in the fresh pork supply chain and in the pork industry overall through the above program.
Animal Welfare Position
Sustainable Products at Walmart and Sam’s Club | Our Pledge to Customers/MembersOur customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.Farm Animal WelfareFarm animals provide an important and nutritious source of protein. There is growing public interest in how food is produced and consumers have questions about whether current practices match their values and expectations about the well-being of farm animals. Animal science plays a central role in guiding these practices, but does not always provide clear direction. Increasingly, animal welfare decisions are being considered through a combination of science and ethics.Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. PositionWe recognize that farm animals play an important role in providing nutritious meat, dairy and eggs to our customers and members. We believe that farm animals in our supply chain should be treated humanely throughout their lives and that the welfare of farm animals should be considered in selection of all production systems, practices and technologies. Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. are committed to continuous improvement in the welfare of farm animals in our supply chain.First, we expect that our suppliers will not tolerate animal abuse of any kind.Second, we support the globally-recognized “Five Freedoms1” of animal welfare as an aspiration for animal welfare in our supply chain:Freedom from Hunger and Thirst – by providing ready access to fresh water and a diet to maintain full health and vigor.Freedom from Discomfort – by providing appropriate environment including shelter and a comfortable resting area.Freedom from Pain, Injury or Disease – by ensuring prevention or rapid diagnosis and treatment.Freedom to Express Normal Behavior – by providing sufficient space, proper facilities and company of the animal’s own kind.Freedom from Fear and Distress – by ensuring conditions and treatment which avoid mental suffering.Third, we will work with our supply chain partners to implement practices consistent with the Five Freedoms of animal welfare.What we’re asking of our suppliersWe’re asking Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. fresh and frozen meat, deli, dairy and egg suppliers to:Report to authorities and take appropriate disciplinary and corrective action in any cases of animal abuse.Adopt and implement the principles of the Five Freedoms in their own operations and industry producer programs, and publish a corporate policy on animal welfare.Find and implement solutions to address animal welfare concerns including, but not limited to:a. Housing systems that lack sufficient space, enrichment or socialization (for example, sow gestation crates, hen battery cages and veal crates);b. Painful procedures where avoidable or without pain management (for example, tail docking, de-horning and castration);c. Euthanasia or slaughter without rendering an animal insensible to pain2.Promote transparency by providing an animal welfare report to Walmart and publicly reporting against their animal welfare policy on an annual basis.   1Five Freedoms.http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20121007104210/http:/www.fawc.org.uk/freedoms.htm. Accessed May 6, 2015.2Except where prohibited by dietary restriction.
Antibiotics in Farm Animals Position
Sustainable Products at Walmart and Sam’s Club | Our Pledge to Customers/MembersOur customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.Antibiotics in AgricultureAntibiotics are used in farm animals to treat, control and prevent disease and to promote growth. In the United States, antibiotics must be approved as safe and effective by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Many antibiotics used in animals are also used in human medicine, and are categorized by the World Health Organization as “medically-important antimicrobials1.” Antibiotics are a critical and scarce resource and their misuse may lead to antibiotic-resistance in bacteria, making human and animal disease more difficult to treat. According to the World Health Organization, Antibiotic resistance is a serious and growing threat to global public health2.Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. PositionWe expect our suppliers to help protect the integrity of the food we sell by complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements as well as Walmart food safety standards. We recognize that antibiotics are one of many critical tools used to keep animals healthy and that they should be used responsibly to preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics in human and veterinary medicine. Responsible use begins with the adoption and implementation of judicious use principles, such as those developed by the American Veterinary Medical Association. Judicious use includes disease prevention strategies, appropriate veterinary oversight, accurate record-keeping and careful review before antibiotics are used.Furthermore, we believe that antibiotics should only be used for medical purposes (treatment, control and prevention of disease) and not for growth promotion.Finally, antibiotics should be used transparently to build accountability and public trust in the food system. We support public reporting of antibiotic use. We also support consistency of on-pack product claims in order to ensure clarity and usefulness of information to our customers and members.What We’re Asking of Our SuppliersWe’re asking Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. fresh and frozen meat, seafood, deli, dairy and egg suppliers to:1. Comply with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements as well as Walmart food safety standards.2. Adopt and implement  American Veterinary Medical Association Judicious Use Principles of Antimicrobials3 in their own operations and in their industry producer programs, including but not limited to:        a. Disease prevention strategies;        b. Appropriate veterinary oversight;        c. Accurate records of treatment and outcomes;        d. Careful review before antibiotics are used; and        e. Limit medical antibiotic use to ill or at-risk animals.3. Adopt and implement U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s Voluntary Guidance for Industry #2094 (Judicious Use of Medically Important Antimicrobial Drugs) in their own operations and in their industry producer programs, including elimination of growth promotion uses of medically-important antibiotics.4. Eliminate growth promotion uses of all antibiotics5.5. Promote transparency by providing an antibiotics management report to Walmart and publicly reporting antibiotic use on an annual basis.1WHO Critically Important Antimicrobials for Human Medicine. http://www.who.int/foodsafety/publications/antimicrobials-third/en/Accessed May 6, 2015.2WHO Media Centre. WHO’s first global report on antibiotic resistance reveals serious, worldwide threat to public health. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2014/amr-report/en/Accessed May 6, 2015.3AVMA Judicious Therapeutic Use of Antimicrobials.https://www.avma.org/KB/Policies/Pages/Judicious-Therapeutic-Use-of-Antimicrobials.aspxAccessed May 6, 2015.4FDA Guidance for Industry #209: The Judicious Use of Medically Important Antimicrobial Drugs in Food-Producing Animals. https://www.fda.gov/regulatory-information/search-fda-guidance-documents/cvm-gfi-209-judicious-use-medically-important-antimicrobial-drugs-food-producing-animalsAccessed May 6, 2015.5Except ionophores, consistent with European classification of ionophores as non-antibiotics.
Cage-Free Egg Supply Position
Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club
U.S. are committed to continuous improvement and aspire to achieve the
globally-recognized “Five Freedoms” of animal welfare for farm animals in our
supply chain. To meet this aspiration for our egg supply, we are working alongside
our suppliers on a comprehensive set of welfare priorities for laying hens.
Welfare issues are complex and management is needed across a number of
attributes.
In an effort to provide sustainable
and high quality products for our customers, we adopt the following position on
eggs in our supply chain:
We will require that 100% of our shell egg supply, indiscriminate of
production system, be certified and fully compliant with United Egg Producers
(UEP) Animal Husbandry Guidelines or equivalent standard. This includes, but is
not limited to:a.   Only
non-feed withdrawal molt methods permittedb.   Adherence
to guidelines on beak trimming, handling and euthanasiac.   Requirements
for cage-free systems, as applicable,
including:          i.
An enriched environment including nests, perches
and litter          ii.
Minimum space of 1.0 square foot per hend.  Annual
third party audit to be conducted by USDA/AMS or Validus (as approved by UEP)By 2025, our goal
is to transition to a 100% cage-free egg supply chain, subject to regulatory
changes and based on available supply, affordability and customer demand.We challenge our
suppliers to use selective breeding, innovation and best management practices
to improve the health and welfare of laying hens. This includes improving
mortality rates and reducing painful procedures like beak trimming. We will be
tracking continuous improvement against these metrics as part of our
Sustainability Index.
California B & P Code #22435
California B & P Code #22435 prohibits the unauthorized
possession or removal of shopping carts from WALMART Stores and Sam’s Club
premises.  If a WALMART or Sam’s Club
shopping cart is found off the store/club premises, please call 1-800-WALMART
for cart pickup.  Thank you.
Conflict Minerals Policy
The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has adopted rules requiring publicly traded companies to report on products they manufacture or contract to manufacture that contain tin, tantalum, tungsten or gold (“3TG” or “conflict minerals”) mined in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries (“DRC Countries”) under circumstances that contribute to or support human rights violations.In association with the Retail Industry Leaders Association’s (RILA’s), we worked with other retailers to produce training materials and tailor the questionnaire originally developed by the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and the Global e Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) to be more specific to retail suppliers. We also engaged third party firms with specialized experience in various aspects of conflict minerals to assist Walmart in the development and implementation of our program, which includes due diligence activities consistent with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines.Walmart understands that awareness and cooperation among its supply chain participants is essential to any responsible sourcing initiative. By holding product suppliers accountable for the principles in this policy, Walmart believes its conflict minerals program will help drive necessary transparency in the supply chain and further the ultimate goal of ending armed conflict in the DRC. Walmart expects its product suppliers to actively support Walmart’s conflict minerals compliance efforts by:adopting responsible mineral sourcing policies in dealing with their supply chains that are consistent with this policy and the OECD guidance, supplying products to Walmart that do not contain 3TG minerals that have been sourced under circumstances that contribute to or support human rights violations in the DRC, and providing evidence to support their representations as to the conflict minerals status of their products upon request. More information about the efforts of the RILA Conflict Minerals Program can be found at www.conflictmineralscompliance.org.
Coupon Policy
Updated: November 10, 2017This policy applies to all properties owned or operated by Walmart Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies (excluding Sam’s Club locations) in the United States (Walmart).Manufacturer Coupon PolicyTo help our customers save money and live better, we gladly accept valid paper manufacturer coupons issued by manufacturers of products that Walmart sells. These paper manufacturer coupons must scan at the register and must not be expired in accordance with the following guidelines.Coupon Guidelines - Walmart accepts the followingManufacturer CouponsAccept only one paper manufacturer coupon per item.Walmart will follow the manufacturer’s limitations as stated on the couponExample: 4 coupons for the same item
There is no limit on the number of coupons (variety) that can be used in a total transaction
All coupons require the following information printed on them. "Manufacturer Coupon" A GS1 barcode that can be scanned A valid remit billing address for the manufacturer of the product being purchased A valid expiration date and must be presented before expiration Walmart accepts Dollars/Cents Off coupons and BOGO (Buy One Get One Free) All coupons must be presented to the cashier at the time of purchase. Coupons cannot be applied after the transaction is completed or to previous purchases.
Items purchased must match the coupon description (brand, size, quantity, color, flavor, etc.). Acceptance of unmatched coupons is against policy and will be denied.Coupons must scan at the register, as the GS1 on the coupon validates to a master file. Coupons are void if copied, scanned, altered, transferred, purchased, sold, or as prohibited by law.The coupon value will be applied to the price of an item allowing any overageto be applied to the transaction total.In select instances, Walmart may give cash after overages are applied to the transaction total (remaining basket). SNAP items purchased in a SNAP transaction are applied to the basket purchase and are ineligible for cash back.WIC items purchased in a WIC transaction are applied to the basket purchase and may not be eligible for cash back. Refer to state specific WIC guidelines.Walmart reserves the right to limit quantities to ‘typical retail purchases’ except in states where it is prohibited (NM).Internet (Print-at-Home) Coupons We gladly accept valid, internet manufacturer coupons for the manufacturer’s items with a GS1 barcode that scans at our register and are not expired.We do not accept internet coupons for free items with no purchase requirements.Internet coupons that display characteristics below will not be accepted:BlurryOut of proportionDo not scan properlyAppear to be altered in any wayBuy One Get One Free Coupons (BOGO)BOGO manufacturer coupons cannot be combined by using a 2nd manufacturer BOGO coupon on the 2nd item (i.e. you cannot use two BOGO manufacturer coupons on two items and get both for free). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.A BOGO manufacturer coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon cannot be combined (i.e. you cannot use a BOGO coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon on two items). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.Walmart does not accept BOGO manufacturer coupons with a percentage (i.e. buy the first item at full price get 50% off the 2nd item).ReturnsReturns of items purchased using Manufacturer Coupons may receive the coupon value returned in the original form of tender, thus providing the full purchase price back to the customer.Coupons will not be given back upon return of the merchandise.Walmart reserves the right to decline the return of items purchased with manufacturer coupons.Exclusions Walmart does not accept (mobile) digital coupons, (example: coupons scanned off a mobile phone).Walmart does not accept expired couponsWalmart does not accept counterfeit coupons (VISA, MC, AMEX, Applebee’s or any coupons made by a third party.Walmart does not accept vouchers or gift certificates.Walmart reserves the right to not accept UPC-A coupon barcodes.Walmart reserves the right not to accept manufacturer coupons with no matching requirements (e.g. 992 family code).Acceptance of unmatched manufacturer coupons to the correct purchase item is against policy and the coupon will be denied.Walmart does not accept competitor /retailer coupons Walmart does not accept bottle caps for redemption.Walmart does not honor double or triple coupons.DisclaimerIn select circumstances a register prompt will occur during coupon transactions that require a CSM or Management to validate the manufacturer coupon(s).In all situations, we reserve the right to refuse, or limit the use of any coupon and/or the subsequent return for any reason, including if the customer behavior becomes disruptive (reoccurring) or the items are deemed not to be for the purpose of using or gifting.Store Management has the final decision in taking care of the customerWalmart will work with the appropriate law enforcement authorities to prosecute individuals using counterfeit coupons or using coupons inappropriately.Walmart reserves the right to update or modify the terms of the OP-41 Manufacturer Coupon Policy and it’s strategies at any time.ContactsFor further guidance, contact:Store ManagerMarket ManagerWalmart Store Support 700-WALMART
Environmental Sustainability Statement
Our Approach to Sustainability In 2006, Walmart set out three aspirational goals tied to sustainability: create zero waste, operate with 100 percent renewable energy; and sell products that sustain our resources and the environment. Since that time Walmart has periodically set specific targets aimed at moving the company towards these aspirational goals. Walmart is working within our own operations and with suppliers to make progress on these targets. Walmart recognizes having environmental commitments without measuring our progress towards achieving them is not useful. Therefore, Walmart prefers to set measurable targets and publicly report progress on an annual basis in Walmart’s Global Responsibility Report, a copy of which can be found here. In addition to the specific updates found in the Global Responsibility Report, key tenants of our environmental sustainability program are highlighted below. Compliance with Laws At a minimum, Walmart is committed to complying with applicable environmental, health and safety (EH&S) laws and other requirements in the countries where we operate. Walmart has established programs and procedures designed to meet our compliance obligations. Stakeholder Consultation on Environmental Sustainability InitiativesWalmart seeks to go beyond compliance to shape its sustainability commitments and programs. To achieve this goal, Walmart works with a broad group of stakeholders to advise and shape its environmental sustainability programs. These stakeholders include customers, associates, NGOs, government officials, investors, suppliers, farmers, academics, think tanks, peer companies, grantees and others. By consulting and collaborating with individuals and organizations with broad viewpoints on important issues, Walmart can better form and implement beneficial environmental policies.Promoting Environmental Responsibility in Our Value ChainWalmart is committed to working with our diverse value chain to promote environmental sustainability. For example, Walmart launched Project Gigaton and has asked suppliers to join us in our efforts to remove 1 billion metric tons (Gigaton) of GHG from our value chain by 2030. Through Project Gigaton, Walmart is working with suppliers to help them make meaningful changes that reduce carbon emissions through the six key pillars of Project Gigaton: Energy, Waste, Packaging, Agriculture, Deforestation, and Product Use. We also work to drive change through engagement of suppliers through the Sustainability Index, a third-party tool that was developed to provide visibility into environmental practices and outcomes for a large number of supply chains. Commitment to Reduce Emissions and Waste in Walmart’s OperationsAs we encourage and support suppliers in their efforts to be more sustainable, we realize we must do our part as well. Walmart aims to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions 18% by 2025, from 2015 levels. As part of that effort, Walmart is working to power 50 percent of our operations with renewable energy by the end of 2025. Additionally, Walmart set a goal to achieve zero waste to landfill from our own operations in key markets, including the U.S., U.K., Japan, and Canada by 2025 in accordance with Zero Waste International Alliance guidelines.1Support and Promote the Development of Transformation Technologies to Make Change PossibleWalmart has long supported innovative technologies that make our operations more sustainable. From being one of the first retailers to move to LED lighting, solar installations, high efficiency bathroom fixtures, smart cooling towers and other transformational technologies, we have also led the way in trucking fleet efficiency by utilizing cutting-edge aerodynamic designs and installing idle reduction systems on our trucks. Walmart is committed to continue working internally and with suppliers to develop and deploy innovative technologies that are designed to reduce our impact on the environment. 1Meeting or exceeding Zero Waste International Alliance business recognition program requirements, which include adoption of ZWIA definition of Zero Waste and achievement of 90 percent or more diversion of all discarded resources from landfills, incinerators and the environment.
Firearms and Ammunition Guidelines
Walmart has a long heritage as a company of serving hunters and sportsmen and women. Our focus has always been to do so responsibly, including taking many measures that go beyond what’s required by law.Where We Sell Firearms and AmmunitionWalmart sells firearms in approximately half of our U.S. supercenter stores. While we are not the largest volume firearms seller in the United States, we do serve many areas of the country where there is a concentration of hunters and sportsmen/women.Items We SellWalmart sells long guns for hunting and sport shooting, including shotguns, single-shot hunting rifles and light sporting rifles, as well as BB and pellet guns.Items We Don’t SellWalmart does not sell military-style rifles, such as the AR-15, or any type of AR-15 accessory, including bump stocks and high-capacity magazines. These items are also listed on our prohibited items list for online marketplace sellers. We have a process to monitor our eCommerce marketplace and help ensure our policies are applied.As of September 2019, we have discontinued the sale of:handguns, which were previously sold only in our Alaska storesammunition for handgunsammunition for short-barrel rifles such as the .223 caliber and 5.56 caliber that, while commonly used in some hunting rifles, can also be used in large-capacity clips on military-style weaponsammunition like the .300 Blackout, 7.62x.39 and .224 ValkyrieWho Can Buy Firearms and Ammunition at WalmartIn February 2018, we announced our decision to sell firearms and ammunition only to individuals who are 21 and older.Walmart only sells a firearm after receiving a “green light” on a background check. This goes beyond federal law, which only requires the absence of a “red light” after a three-business day waiting period. We require a “green light,” regardless of the time period.Selling Firearms ResponsiblyWalmart takes steps above and beyond what is required by law to sell firearms in a responsible way, including:videotaping the point of sale for firearms;allowing only select associates who have passed a criminal background check to sell firearms;conducting regular associate training;performing inventory audits; andsecuring firearms in a locking case, among other important measures. Walmart associates who are authorized to sell firearms are specifically trained on all firearm policies and procedures. Associates who fail to follow the policies and procedures are subject to discipline, up to and including termination.Walmart is a charter member of the Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership, organized by Walmart and Everytown for Gun Safety.We have committed to work alongside other retailers to make the overall industry safer, including sharing our own best practices. This system navigates tens of millions of possible combinations of federal, state and local laws, regulations and licensing requirements that come into effect based on where a firearm is sold and who is purchasing. We hope that freely sharing this information will help more retailers sell firearms in a responsible, compliant manner.Open Carry of FirearmsMotivated by our desire to create a safe environment in our stores and clubs, we request that customers no longer openly carry firearms into Walmart or Sam’s Club locations in states where open carry is permitted – unless they are authorized law enforcement. As of September 2019, we are working to create and display new signage to help communicate this policy.We will continue to follow state and local laws regarding concealed carry permit holders.Last updated: September 3, 2019
Forests Policy
Last Updated: 9-20-2020Sustainable Products at Walmart Our customers count on Walmart to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet, through actions that build transparency and trust. We work with others, including suppliers, NGOs, and governments, all along the supply chain to help improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while aiming to offer quality products at affordable prices with a time-saving shopping experience.Sustainable ForestsWalmart recognizes the important role of healthy forests for society, as well as for our business. Forests provide numerous benefits to people and the planet: a home for people that live in forests, habitat for a vast number of species, carbon storage, and water flow regulation and purification. Forests are directly responsible for 1 in 4 people’s livelihoods, they are important sources for products like paper and furniture, and they provide fundamental environmental services that people and agriculture depend upon.1 As the global population increases, Walmart believes that changes to sourcing and production of products are necessary in order to continue to meet the expectations of our customers and to help preserve forests as a resource.Walmart also acknowledges the importance of indigenous peoples and local communities in preserving and protecting forests. Walmart’s PositionWalmart understands that our aspiration to deliver more sustainable products means leveraging our position as a trusted retailer and brand to secure important habitats and biodiversity, while working to reduce our carbon footprint. We believe we can deliver the greatest impact by creating a higher demand for products produced with no deforestation, supporting and enabling transparency, and investing in sustainable sourcing regions.As a member of the Consumer Goods Forum, we supported the resolution to achieve zero net deforestation in our supply chain by 2020. In furtherance our goals, Walmart is focused on key commodities that, according to the World Economic Forum, are responsible for global deforestation in tropical forests: palm oil, pulp and paper, timber, beef, and soy.2 For example, beef and soy production is driving more than two-thirds of the recorded habitat loss in Brazil’s Amazon and Cerrado regions, and Argentina and Paraguay’s Gran Chaco.3 Although we are focused on these commodities, we recognize that additional production types also contribute to deforestation such as cocoa, coffee, rubber, and forest-based fabrics. We encourage our suppliers of these types of products to work to source products that do not contribute to deforestation and conversion. We ask suppliers to avoid deforestation and conversion of natural habitats, to encourage conservation solutions, and to increase the use of recycled content. We also recognize the importance of embedding the following principles in sourcing policies, procedures, and practices across their supply chains:Protect high conservation value (HCV) areas and high carbon stock (HCS) forests.Involve no burning in the preparation of new plantings, re-plantings, or any other developments, including the management of existing plantations.Avoid new developments on peatlands regardless of depth.No illegal harvesting of any commodity, or in violation of basic human rights as defined by the country of operation.Encourage agroforestry and forest management best practices. There are two common ways to measure deforestation: measuring change in tree cover or change in the use of land. For purposes of this policy, Walmart looks to the definition of deforestation used in the country of origin. Walmart will continue to work with multi-stakeholder initiatives to address deforestation and conversion in high risk origins.Walmart recognizes that no company can solve deforestation on its own and that we must leverage our ability to promote sustainable agricultural and forestry production and sourcing beyond our private brands. We have made progress against our original 2020 goals, but we know that more work is needed in the short and long term to stop the continued loss of critical landscapes across the globe. We recognize the importance of collaboration with our suppliers, our peers, governments and NGOs to address deforestation and promote sustainable production at an industry level. This will require new approaches and solutions at the jurisdictional, landscape, and producer level that drive results on the ground by engaging governments, non-profits, producers, and other companies to improve policy and promote clear demand signals for more sustainable products.We will publicly share our progress annually and will continue to engage in the development and use of public disclosure tools and reports.Key CommoditiesPalm OilPalm oil is an ingredient in a variety of food and consumer products and is also widely used as cooking oil in many parts of the world. According to the World Wildlife Fund, high demand for palm oil has contributed to deforestation, which in turn increases the amount of greenhouse gas released into the atmosphere through burning of forested lands and elimination of carbon sinks. This also leads to the destruction of habitat for endangered species and conflict over land and natural resources.4Walmart’s GoalBy 2025, Walmart’s aim is that private brand products containing any form of palm oil (crude, refined, palm kernel oil, fractions, expellers, and derivatives) will be sourced with no deforestation or conversion in accordance with the principles and criteria of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) segregated supply chain systems, or equivalent standards. Our Approach For all Walmart private brand products, we ask our global suppliers to:Use only palm oil sourced in accordance with the principles and criteria of the RSPO (segregated supply chain systems), or equivalent standards, by the end of 2025. Maintain (and make available upon request to Walmart) comprehensive records about the volume of palm oil and verification of sustainable palm oil used in Walmart private brand products on an annual basis, as well as disclose the origin (geographic region, country, state/province, plantation, and trader) through public monitoring and geospatial transparency platforms.Maintain comprehensive records and reports about the volume of palm oil and verification of deforestation and conversion-free palm oil sold to Walmart, as well as the origin. Annually demonstrate deforestation and conversion-free palm sourcing to the plantation of origin through traceability reports or verifiable monitoring tools. We ask that all national brand suppliers to Walmart using palm oil use only palm sourced in accordance with the principles and criteria of the RSPO (mass balance and segregated supply chain systems), or equivalent standards, by the end of 2025 and report progress annually.Pulp, Paper, and Timber ProductsSustainable sourcing of pulp, paper, paperboard, and timber is an important means to foster forest health. Sustainable sourcing of these products is important to foster forest health and to secure availability of forest resources into the future. Sustainable forest management protects biodiversity, High Conservation Value (HV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS) areas, enhances ecosystem functions and water quality and quantity, helps prevent conversion of natural forests to plantations or other land uses, helps promote indigenous peoples’ and worker rights, and mitigates greenhouse gas emissions.Walmart’s GoalBy 2025, Walmart’s goal is that private brand products made of pulp, paper, and timber will be sourced deforestation and conversion-free. Walmart aims to implement sustainable pulp, paper, and timber procurement practices that promote sustainable management, conservation, protection and restoration of the world’s forests. Our Approach For all Walmart private brand products, we ask our global suppliers to:Proactively conduct risk assessments to understand forest fiber and timber sources, species used, and transition supply away from higher risk sources to certified and/or recycled sources.Source virgin fiber and timber only from sources certified to internationally recognized forest, fiber, and chain-of-custody certification standards. We expect suppliers to be able to track and report the origin of their fiber raw materials. We recognize Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI), and Program for Forest Endorsement (PEFC) certification programs. We ask our global private brand suppliers to source virgin fiber and timber originating from high-priority countries5 in accordance with full FSC certification of forest management by the end of 2025, when it is available in quantities, performance characteristics and prices that meet our suppliers’ needs. Work to increase the use of recycled content where feasible. The use of recycled fiber has reached high levels in some paper grades, but there are still opportunities to increase recycled fiber usage where technical and quality specifications allow.Maintain (and make available upon request to Walmart) comprehensive records about the volume of pulp, paper, and timber products and certification status of fiber and recycled content used in Walmart private brand products, as well as the country of origin and wood species used to make the fiber, through public monitoring and geospatial transparency platforms.Beef Beef production is the leading driver of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest and the Cerrado, a wooded savannah south and east of the Amazon.6 Growing demand for beef, leather, and other products is expected to continue to exert significant pressure on other ecologically important regions such as Argentina, Paraguay and Colombia.7 These are some of the most bio-diverse areas in the world and play critical roles in the global climate.8Walmart’s GoalBy the end of 2022, Walmart aims to only source fresh beef from the Brazilian Amazon and Cerrado, and the Gran Chaco in Argentina and Paraguay that has been produced with no deforestation or conversion. Walmart also aims to increase transparency and monitoring in the beef industry while helping to promote productivity increases on existing cattle lands that meet sustainable grassland management, conservation, protection, and restoration expectations. Walmart will continue to advocate, alongside multi-stakeholder initiatives, NGOs, suppliers and others, to make deforestation and conversion-free production the norm in the industry.Our ApproachWe ask all Walmart fresh beef suppliers sourcing from Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay to:Source and use only beef that has been produced deforestation and conversion-free across the Brazilian Amazon and Cerrado, and the Gran Chaco in Argentina and Paraguay by the end of 2022; report traceability of the beef chain with geospatial mapping for risk assessment through full chain of custody traceability. This should include direct and indirect supply chain controls. Maintain (and make available upon request to Walmart) comprehensive records about the volume of beef and verification of zero deforestation and conversion beef sold to Walmart, as well as the origin (slaughterhouse name and location, full farm traceability with names and locations, and date of slaughter from both direct and indirect farms). Maintain comprehensive time-bound plans and clear milestones regarding sourcing deforestation and conversion-free beef sold to Walmart.SoySoy is a crop that has been associated with the conversion of some of the most species-rich lands in the world, leading to increased deforestation.9 Soy is prevalent in food products, used for protein, to make vegetable oils, and as a key ingredient in many processed foods.10 Between 70% and 75% of all soy becomes livestock feed—for chickens, pigs, and farmed fish, as well as for cows.11 Soy production is one of the commodities driving more than two-thirds of the recorded habitat loss in Brazil’s Amazon and Cerrado regions and Argentina and Paraguay’s Gran Chaco region.12Walmart’s GoalBy 2023, Walmart aims to only source soy that has been produced with no deforestation or conversion. In addition, Walmart supports the indefinite extension of the Soy Moratorium in Brazil’s Amazon region and encourages suppliers to publicly endorse the agreement. Walmart also actively supports regional agreements regarding deforestation and conversion-free production in additional high-risk biomes. This includes multi-stakeholder and government engagement in critical higher-risk regions, such as the Amazon and the Cerrado to achieve deforestation and conversion-free production at the regional level with geospatial monitoring.Our ApproachWe ask all Walmart private brand suppliers selling products containing soy (both as an ingredient and in feed for animal products) from Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay to:Maintain a footprint analysis to identify sourcing from higher-risk countries and demonstrate that sources can be traced at country, state, and regional level.Source and use only soy (including directly purchased soy and its derivatives and soy used in raw meat, eggs, and dairy feed) that has been produced deforestation and conversion-free across the Brazilian Amazon and Cerrado, and the Gran Chaco in Argentina and Paraguay by the end of 2023. For any soy sourced from the Brazilian Amazon and Cerrado, and the Gran Chaco in Argentina and Paraguay, suppliers are asked to demonstrate that the soy is deforestation and conversion-free by:1. Sourcing soy certified by any of the following certification schemes (this list will be kept under review as other schemes are introduced), or equivalent standards: Roundtable on Responsible Soy (RTRS, https://responsiblesoy.org/?lang=en). RTRS provides two schemes: RTRS Soy Credits and RTRS Physical Soy. Soy credits are acceptable until 2022. After this time only physically certified soy (either segregated sources or mass balance) will be accepted. Cefetra Certified Responsible Soy (https://www.certifiedsoya.com/crs/)Proterra Standard (https://www.proterrafoundation.org/pro-terra-standard/) OR 2. Maintaining and reporting comprehensive records about the volume of soy and verification of deforestation and conversion-free soy sold to Walmart, as well as the origin (production farm and crushing plant). Annually demonstrate deforestation and conversion-free sourcing to the plantation of origin through traceability reports or verifiable geospatial monitoring tools. National BrandsWe encourage our national brand suppliers to set similar goals and communicate annually on their progress. Restoring Critical ForestsWalmart recognizes the value of restoring the world’s most critical forests. Forest restoration can have many benefits, including increased resilience to climate change in global communities, improved carbon capture and storage in critical landscapes, and enhanced biodiversity, ecosystem, and societal benefits.13Walmart encourages all suppliers to support restoration and reforestation initiatives. We ask our suppliers to join Project Gigaton, set goals to restore forests in their supply chains, and report progress annually. More information on these type of efforts can be found on Walmart’s Sustainability HUB. Supporting Landscape and Place-Based ApproachesIn addition to the supply chain actions listed above, Walmart encourages suppliers to engage in place-based approaches (both at the jurisdictional and landscape-level) to leverage positive change beyond individual supply chains and to help accelerate deforestation-free commodity production systems at scale.These actions will vary by jurisdiction and region, but could include:Becoming involved in a jurisdictional initiative by participating in steering committees or engaging in multi-stakeholder dialogue.Committing to source from jurisdictions and landscapes that are pursuing, or have achieved, deforestation-free status.Providing funds and/or technical support to producers, extension centers, projects, and the establishment of local initiatives working to promote deforestation and conversion-free practices. For more information, please visit the Walmart Sustainability HUB. 1https://www.conservation.org/what/Pages/forests.aspx2https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/01/deforestation-voluntary-action-regulation/3https://www.worldwildlife.org/magazine/issues/summer-2018/articles/what-are-the-biggest-drivers-of-tropical-deforestation4https://www.worldwildlife.org/industries/palm-oil 5Angola, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cameroon, Central, African Republic, Colombia, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ecuador, Gabon, Indonesia, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Liberia, Madagascar, Malaysia, Mexico, Myanmar, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), and Zambia (Source: CDP High-Deforestation Risk Jurisdictions List, GCP, 2016)6https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/environmental-sustainability/forest-positive-deforestation/beef/7https://international.nwf.org/deforestation/cattle/ 8https://www.conservation.org/priorities/biodiversity-hotspots 9https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/environmental-sustainability/forest-positive-deforestation/soy/ 10https://ncsoy.org/media-resources/uses-of-soybeans/11https://www.worldwildlife.org/magazine/issues/summer-2018/articles/what-are-the-biggest-drivers-of-tropical-deforestation 12https://www.worldwildlife.org/magazine/issues/summer-2018/articles/what-are-the-biggest-drivers-of-tropical-deforestation 13https://www.conservation.org/priorities/restoration
Fur Friendly Policy
Walmart U.S. and http://Walmart.com 1P has a fur friendly policy in place. We do not sell products containing the actual fur of an animal. The following products are excluded from the policy: wool products, shearling and skin (e.g. leather, calf-hair leather, sheepskin and lambskin).
Global Anti-Corruption Policy
Effective: June 29, 2012Last Reviewed: February 12, 2018Walmart Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide (collectively "Walmart" or the "Company"), are committed to maintaining the highest possible ethical standards and complying with all applicable laws. In all of its operations, Walmart seeks to avoid even the appearance of impropriety with respect to the actions of any of its officers, directors, associates, employees, agents or representatives. This policy prohibits corrupt payments in all circumstances, whether in dealings with government officials or individuals in the private sector.General DirectivesIt is the policy of Walmart to comply with all relevant Anti-Corruption laws including, but not limited to, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the UK Bribery Act.Accordingly, Walmart prohibits anyone acting on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, from making or receiving improper payments.Improper payments means receiving or paying bribes or giving, offering, or promising to give money or anything else of value to any person, including any Government Official, in order to improperly influence any act or decision of a person, or to otherwise gain an improper benefit for the Company.A Government Official may include, but is not limited to, any officer or employee of a foreign government, a public international organization, a member of a political party, a candidate for foreign political office, any foreign government department or agency thereof, or any official or employee of a state-owned business enterprise.The use of Walmart funds or assets for any illegal, improper, or unethical purpose is strictly prohibited.Compliance with this Global Anti-Corruption Policy (the “Policy”) is required of all associates and third parties that are engaged to interact or may interact with government officials on the Company’s behalf. All associates are responsible for ensuring that third parties with whom they interact fully understand and follow the policy and associated procedures in their activities related to Walmart business.Violations Any associate or third party who violates this policy in connection with Walmart business will be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination in the case of an associate, or termination of business relations in the case of a third party and, where appropriate, referral of the matter to relevant law enforcement authorities.Global Implementation of Anti-Corruption Program To effectively implement this policy, Walmart shall maintain an effective risk-based Global Anti-Corruption Program (the "Program") designed to prevent, detect, and remediate bribery and recordkeeping violations. As part of the program, Walmart shall adopt operating procedures specifically targeted to the corruption risks that exist for all of its operations, worldwide. Management in each affected area shall be responsible for ensuring that adequate resources are devoted to maintaining effective compliance programs. A senior executive at Walmart Inc., shall be given overall responsibility for the Program, and shall report regularly to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc., which shall exercise reasonable oversight as to the implementation and effectiveness of the Program.The procedures and governance used to implement this policy, shall include, at a minimum:Effective controls on the disbursement of funds and other assets to ensure that disbursements are not made for improper purposes;Measures to ensure that books and records accurately reflect the disposition of assets;Clearly articulated standards of behavior as included in Walmart's Statement of Ethics, which shall be well publicized to all of Walmart's operations, worldwide;Clearly defined roles, responsibilities, and reporting lines for day-to-day management and implementation of the compliance procedures;Effective training of executives, associates and, where appropriate, third parties regarding relevant anti-corruption standards and procedures;Testing by Internal Audit or a third party for compliance with the anti-corruption procedures, including review of expenditures for operations that interact with government officials;Corruption risk assessments conducted annually;Conducting due diligence of third parties engaged to interact with government officials on behalf of the Company;Effectively publicized means to report or seek guidance on actual or potential anti-corruption issues, as well as procedures for responding to such reports or requests;Regular review and, if necessary, revisions or updates to this policy and to the related procedures where appropriate, including in response to legal, regulatory, or industry changes or violations of the Anti-Corruption Policy;Appropriate incentives and punishments for associates, executives and third parties for adherence to or violations of, respectively, the relevant policy and related procedures.ReportingEvery associate or third party who has information that this policy or related procedures may have been violated, or believes he or she is being asked to pay a bribe or receive a bribe, or otherwise act in contravention of this policy shall immediately report the event, as provided by Walmart's Statement of Ethics.Reports shall be made, and may be made anonymously to any officer (Vice President or above) of the Company, the Global Ethics Office, the International Global Ethics Helpline, or the International Anti-Corruption Compliance Manager/Director. Reports may also be made to the Local Ethics Helpline, the legal department, the Compliance and Ethics Office or the Market Anti-Corruption Compliance Manager/Director. If anyone receives a report through the Open Door process he or she shall promptly forward the report to one of the contacts stated in this paragraph. Anyone who receives a report through any of the channels stated in this paragraph shall immediately report to the Global Ethics Helpline.Contact information for making reports through the International or Local Helplines are below:Walmart's International Global Ethics Helpline: 800-WM-ETHIC (800-963-8442)Web: www.walmartethics.com orEmail: ethics@wal-mart.comSpecific country contact information can also be found on www.walmartethics.comAnyone who reports a suspected violation of this policy will not be subject to disciplinary action or retaliation for the act of making the report. However, anyone who reports a suspected violation may be subject to disciplinary action to the extent he or she violated any Walmart policy or procedure. Anti-Corruption ProceduresMarket-specific anti-corruption compliance procedures are available from each international market.This information does not create an express or implied contract of employment or any other contractual commitment. Walmart may modify this information at its sole discretion without notice, at any time, consistent with applicable law. Employment with Walmart is on an at-will basis, which means that either Walmart or the associate is free to terminate the employment relationship at any time for any or no reason, consistent with applicable law.Last Modified: February 12, 2018
Walmart U.S. GMO Position
Walmart has pledged to deliver on trust and transparency for our customers and the communities we serve. We are committed to selling food and products that meet high standards for safety, quality and affordability. Customers are also more interested than they were in recent decades in understanding where their food comes from, what’s in it and how it’s made. Walmart welcomes this development, and we are working on ways to help them make more informed buying decisions. In that regard, we supported legislation passed by Congress in 2016 that provided a uniform standard for the disclosure of bioengineered (BE) ingredients and foods, often referred to as GMOs. We are actively working with our private brand suppliers to meet the disclosure requirements established though USDA bioengineered labeling regulations.We believe in providing our customers choices when shopping with Walmart. For our customers who prefer to avoid bioengineered foods, we offer a wide selection of USDA certified organic products. By law, bioengineered ingredients are not allowed in the organic program. In FY2020, we started revamping our produce areas that included making organic offerings easier to find, and better highlighting fresh produce prices to emphasize affordability. We require that all suppliers meet USDA and FDA regulations. The USDA and FDA make no nutrition or health distinction between GMO and non-GMO products and ingredients.
Government Relations Policy
Updated: May 2, 2013This policy applies to all associates who work for Walmart Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies, in the United States ("Walmart"). Policy Walmart’s Government Relations Departments (US Government Relations, Public Affairs and Government Relations) coordinate company interactions with elected officials and legislative and regulatory bodies at the federal, state and local level.  To help ensure consistent management of these relationships, all conversations and engagement with elected officials or government agencies should be done in coordination with your Government Relations contact.  Associates wishing to represent Walmart’s corporate position on public policy or political matters should seek guidance from Government Relations before expressing such views.  In addition, all such interactions with public officials, including their support staff, should be reported to Government Relations, as certain contact can constitute “lobbying” which is reportable. Government Relations, partnership with Corporate Affairs, coordinates the activities and administration of the Walmart Inc., Political Action Committee for Responsible Government (WAL-PAC).  WAL-PAC is the primary entity authorized to make political contributions in support of our business.  Corporate funds shall not be provided to political candidates, entities or organizations without the express knowledge and consent of Government Relations. If you are approached by a political candidate or organization in your store or club, please call the Home Office Government Relations at 479-277-0934. Please refer any other questions in the area to Government Relations at the number listed above. With respect to fundraising, the following rules shall apply in addition to all applicable laws: Officers of Walmart may distribute political literature or engage in political solicitation, as approved by an Executive Vice President.Associates assigned to the Corporate Affairs Department may engage in political solicitation or political distribution, as approved by the Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs.For further guidance, contact:Government Relations479-273-4313 For further information on our federal and state policy oriented activities please click here.
Human Rights Statement
Our Business and ValuesWalmart’s purpose is to save people money and help them live better. We achieve our purpose through our associates and recognize that our associates make the difference. Through our business, we provide customers with convenient access to safe, affordable products and services; contribute to the community; create career opportunities; and provide opportunities for suppliers to grow their businesses that, in turn, employ others. Walmart respects human rights; our work is guided by our values: Service to the customer Respect for the individualStrive for excellenceAct with integrityWe engage in diverse business activities across the globe, with more than two million full-time and part-time associates from a variety of ethnicities, orientations, backgrounds and life experiences. Our associates also are members of thousands of local communities around the world. We endeavor to act in an ethical and responsible manner and have policies and procedures in place to guide our decisions and behaviors. Our associate base is large, our supply chain reaches thousands of suppliers and we serve millions of customers in communities around the world through our store presence as well as online. We are mindful that many adverse human rights risks are complex and can be the result of systemic issues, making it challenging for any single organization to have an impact. When it comes to addressing these human rights issues, we seek to go beyond our own policies and procedures by working collaboratively with other stakeholders to inform our approach and identify root causes; sharing our work with others; and using our leverage to help drive positive change. We identify our salient human rights priorities based on relevance to our company purpose, key categories and markets; the scale and severity of the potential human rights risk; and Walmart’s ability to make a difference. Our response to human rights issues is informed by international instruments including, but not limited to, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Labor Organization’s 1998 Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We have also taken into consideration input from relevant internal and external stakeholders and experts. This statement describes Walmart’s approach to human rights in all aspects of policiesour operations globally, including all associates at all levels of the organization. A Foundation of ComplianceGovernments have the responsibility to protect and uphold human rights of their citizens. Walmart respects those human rights and complies with the laws of the countries in which we operate. We expect our associates, suppliers, contractors and others within our sphere of influence to act accordingly.We respect the basic rights of workers as those rights are defined under applicable law in the countries in which we operate and from which we source the products we sell. Those basic rights include freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining, the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor, the effective abolition of underage labor and the elimination of discrimination in respect to employment and occupation. Our Values in ActionService to the CustomerOur customers are the reason we’re in business. We strive to meet and exceed their expectations by providing safer, more affordable, more accessible, healthier and more sustainable goods and services. Respect for the IndividualWe believe in treating all people with respect, whether it is a co-worker, supplier, customer or any person doing business with us. This means treating one another with fairness and dignity in all our interactions in the workplace and as members of society. We also seek and embrace differences in people, ideas and experiences.We recognize there are different views about freedom of association. Our view is, consistent with applicable law, that Walmart respects the rights of associates to join, form or not to join an employee association or trade union of their choice without interference. Associates should exercise these rights in an informed manner, and with the benefit of thoughtful consideration and available information. In the exercise of these rights, we believe in the free exchange of ideas, opinions and information, provided there is no interference.Strive for ExcellenceSam Walton, founder of Walmart, wanted his company to be a force for good, and we seek to use our scale, capabilities and influence to help people and communities. This spirit is an important component for how we engage on human rights topics to drive meaningful change. We find this approach not only mitigates risk—it can generate significant, lasting value for our business and for society.Act with Integrity Acting with integrity guides how we approach our work on human rights. To implement this work, we:Assess, on an ongoing basis, potential adverse human rights impacts, the severity of the potential impact, and the relevant processes in place; Integrate relevant findings into policies and procedures, based upon the assessment; Track progress as part of Walmart’s efforts to continuously improve; Communicate with relevant internal and external stakeholders to help shape and inform our work and priorities; andAdjust our human rights priorities, as needed. While there exist a variety of mechanisms—including those offered by governments—to raise and seek redress of actual or perceived human rights concerns, Walmart also has developed its own grievance mechanisms to enable workers, customers, workers in the supply chain, communities where we operate and other stakeholders to be heard and be given proper consideration. These mechanisms include, but are not limited to, our anonymous ethics hotlines and longstanding Open Door Communications Policy for associates, and the internal structures that support resolution of each issue raised. We encourage stakeholders to raise concerns and to report activities they suspect may contravene the values and positions we express in this statement or any Walmart policy. We will not retaliate against any party for raising concerns in good faith. We seek to be transparent about our human rights efforts and will periodically provide additional details, inclusive of our priorities, through our Global Responsibility Report or similar means. The work is overseen by company executives and led by a cross-functional team, relying upon and developing standards, programs and practices, training and reporting.Our Statement of Ethics articulates how we promote our culture of integrity across the company and is the foundation of our approach to human rights. Our Standards for Suppliers forms the basis of our work to address social issues in the supply chain of goods for resale. Our Diversity & Inclusion website lays out how we build an inclusive workplace culture where every associate feels empowered to bring their authentic self to work every day.AdoptionThe Walmart Board of Directors approved this statement on November 2, 2018. The Board reviews our progress on human rights, at minimum, annually.
Non-Discrimination - Healthcare Services
Valued Healthcare Customer: At Walmart, we respect the dignity of each individual who visits our stores and are committed to making our goods, services, and facilities accessible to everyone.Walmart does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability and strictly prohibits retaliation against any person making a complaint of discrimination. Additionally, we gladly provide our healthcare customers with language assistance, auxiliary aids and services at no cost. We value you as our patient and your satisfaction is important to us.If you need assistance or have concerns with your healthcare services, please speak with the Walmart Pharmacy, Vision Center, or Care Clinic manager. If you are not satisfied, please contact us using one of the methods below so that we can better serve you.To learn about or use our grievance process, contact the office of our Vice President, US Ethics and Employment Compliance at 1-800-WM-Ethic, www.walmartethics.com/home.aspx or ethics@wal-mart.com.To file a complaint of discrimination, contact the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights at 1-800-368-1019 or 1-800-537-7697 (TDD), https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/cp/wizard_cp.jsf or OCRComplaint@hhs.gov.
Photo and Video Use Policy
All photos and videos in the Media Library are made available to accredited news organizations. Walmart grants its permission for use of these items for the sole purpose of accompanying related news content in print, broadcast and online channels by professional news organizations. Any other use without the written permission of Walmart is prohibited. Content may be attributed "Courtesy of Walmart" where news organizations require attribution.Content posted on Walmart's social media channels, including but not limited to YouTube, Facebook, Flickr and Twitter, that is not posted in the Media Library, is available for use without objection from Walmart for the purposes of complementing news coverage. However, Walmart does not represent or assure any rights of publicity, copyright or other rights associated with these images.Email Media Relations
Price Match Policy
We will match Walmart.com and Jet.com base price, for identical items purchased in a Walmart store. The customer must inform the associate of the priceThe item must be currently in-stock on Walmart.com at the time the Price Match is requestedWe reserve the right to verify the price and the availability of the identical item (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, or color, etc.) · If the register prompts for supervisor approval, the supervisor must verify the price and availability of the identical item (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, or color, etc.), by logging onto the Walmart.com website through a store terminal, before the price will be matched.We reserve the right to limit quantities to one-per-customer, per item, per day Quantities are limited in New Mexico only for the purchase for resaleWe do not match:Prices from Walmart Marketplace Retailers or the Marketplace Retailers of competitors, third-party sellers, auction sites, or sites requiring membershipBundle offers, Instant Rebates, Mail-in Offers, Offers that include financing, Advertisements that require a purchase to receive a gift card, Percentage Off, or Buy One Get One Free advertisements without a specified pricePrices from other Walmart or Neighborhood Market storesCompetitor advertised priceThe Price Match offered above is not available in Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. The manager on duty has the final decision on any Price match.Walmart reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time.This policy applies only to purchases made at a US Walmart store. For details on the Price Match Policy for purchases made on Walmart.com, please see Walmart.com.Last Updated: January 20, 2017
Privacy Policy
At Walmart, our customers are number one - always. That's why everything we do is focused on providing excellent customer service and delivering low prices.The information you share with Walmart allows us to provide the products and services you need and want while giving you the very best shopping experience. Our founder Sam Walton reminded us that "a promise we make is a promise we keep," and it's our promise to customers that we respect the trust you place in us and the privacy of the information you share. Part of providing superior customer service includes making sure that we're building a relationship of trust with customers. Our way of doing that is to let you know in a clear, prominent, and easily accessible way how we collect, use, share, and above all protect your personal information. Our Policy outlines:How and why we collect your personal information;How your personal information is used and protected;When and with whom we share your personal information; andWhat choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information.View our Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Temporary Return Policy UpdateEffective: Nov. 9, 2020All stores have resumed our standard return policy for new purchases. As part of Walmart’s COVID-19 response, beginning on April 20, 2020 we temporarily paused processing store returns and exchanges for restricted items including food, paper goods, home cleaning supplies, laundry soap, pharmacy, health & beauty and apparel items.This pause allowed our stores time to prepare and modify operations to accept returns in ways that help to protect customers and associates. It also helped us meet state and local capacity restrictions and implement social distancing protocols at our customer service desk.This pause was lifted in phases. Please refer to the following tables to determine the return window for stores in your state for any affected items purchased during the periods below:Restricted Items Purchased Between April 20, 2020 and June 15, 2020 May Be Returned Until September 15, 2020:
Alabama Kentucky New Hampshire South Dakota
Alaska Louisiana New Jersey* Tennessee
Arizona Michigan New Mexico Texas
Colorado Minnesota North Carolina Utah
Delaware Mississippi North Dakota Vermont
Florida Missouri Ohio Washington
Hawaii Montana Oklahoma West Virginia
Iowa Nebraska Oregon Wisconsin
Kansas Nevada Pennsylvania
Restricted Items Purchased Between April 20, 2020 and June 29, 2020 May Be Returned Until September 29, 2020:
Connecticut Idaho Maryland Rhode Island
District of Columbia Indiana Massachusetts Virginia
Georgia Maine New York Wyoming
Restricted Items Purchased Between April 20, 2020 and August 17, 2020 May Be Returned Until November 15, 2020:
Arkansas South Carolina
Restricted Items Purchased Between April 20, 2020 and September 18, 2020 May Be Returned Until December 17, 2020:
California
Restricted Items Purchased Between April 20, 2020 and November 9, 2020 May Be Returned Until February 4, 2021:
Illinois
NOTE: We are following applicable local ordinances, such as those in New Jersey, which prevent returns of other items.If you need to return any restricted or non-restricted item, and have a receipt, please start your return on the Walmart app or at walmart.com/startreturn. It’s easy and may allow you to complete your return without coming to the store. If you’re not able to return the item online, don’t worry! We have extended the return period 90 days from the policy resumption date for restricted items.Walmart Return Policy
Updated: October 12, 2020Una copia de esta política está disponible en español.This policy applies to returns of products purchased in Walmart U.S. stores, Walmart.com or from Marketplace sellers on Walmart.com.
Not 100% Satisfied? We Are Happy to Help.
To exchange or return an item, here is what you need to know:You have 90 days after purchase to exchange or return an item; please provide your store receipt or Walmart.com order number and we will refund your purchase to the original form of payment unless noted in our exceptions.Save time by starting your return in the Walmart App or at Walmart.com. No account? Start here: walmart.com/returns. No receipt? We can look up store purchases with a debit/credit card or online orders with a phone number or email.
Our Guarantees
(WIC/SNAP restrictions apply)Fresh Guarantee: Receive a refund on Produce, Fresh Flowers, Meat, Bakery, Deli, Dairy & Frozen* items with a receipt. Start a return on the App or here walmart.com/returns. You may not have to return the item. Recall Guarantee: Recalled items are issued a cash refund regardless of purchase condition.Not 100% Satisfied with a Walmart Private Brand Item? We’ll replace it or refund your money. All you need is the package. Extended Holiday Returns: Most electronics purchased from October 16th through December 25th begin the return period on December 26th. NOTE: Post-paid wireless phones purchased in store have a 14 day return period from the date of purchase. Post-paid wireless phones purchased from Walmart.com may be returned within 14 days of delivery.90-Day Automotive Battery Guarantee: Money back refund or exchange to original purchaser if battery tests bad within 90 days. After 90 days, the original purchaser can only exchange the battery per the warranty terms. *Perishable Online Orders cannot be returned by mail. To receive a refund, go to Walmart.com or the App to start the return.
Our Refund and Exchange Exceptions
Your item may have return restrictions (e.g., Marketplace items, freight/oversized/heavy items, luxury products, hazardous materials). See below for more details or check Help Center.Receipt Required Items: Wireless Phones can be returned within 14 days. Consumer Electronics, Electric Scooters, Hoverboards & Product Care Plans* can be returned within 30 days.Prescription Glasses, Contact Lenses and Hearing Aids can be returned within 60 days.Oversized furniture and outdoor play can be returned within 90 days by freight shipping. To return an item by freight, contact customer care for assistance at 1-800-966-6546.Trees, Perennials, and Shrubs can be returned in-store within 1 year.Unopened Tobacco and Alcohol products can only be returned to the original store of purchase. Home & Garden equipment: is returnable within 90 days. Please drain gasoline or other flammable materials prior to returning. (e.g., lawn mowers, line trimmers, hedge trimmers, chainsaws, generators, air conditioners, evaporators, dehumidifiers, compressors, and pressure washers). For walmart.com items, please check the item page to confirm it is returnable by mail. DO NOT remove Freon from AC units.Tires: New tires that have not been mounted or installed are returnable within 90 days to any store with an Auto Care Center. Stores without an Auto Care Center cannot accept tire returns. Photo Prints: are returnable within 90 days to a store or contact us at walmart.com/help. Please do not return by mail. *Product Care Plans: return or cancel within 30 days of purchase. Click How to cancel a Walmart Protection Plan.
Exchange Only Items
Some products can only be exchanged for an exact or similar item as follows: Open/used:Unlocked wireless phones*Air beds/air mattresses*Durable medical equipment* (e.g., crutches, walkers, slings, mobility scooters)*New/unopened items in these categories can be returned for a full refund. Damaged/defective: Funeral products* (e.g., caskets, coffins)eDelivery software* (e.g., Microsoft Office)*New/unopened items in these categories CANNOT be returned for a full refund.
Items Ineligible for Return/Refund
To help keep our customers and associates safe we will not accept returns or provide refunds for:
Firearms & Ammunition Prescription Medications and Devices
Airsoft & Air Guns, BB Guns, Crossbows Items containing pseudoephedrine, ephedrine, phenylpropanolamine
Pepper Spray Sex Toys & Vibrators, Pregnancy Tests, Ovulation Tests, & Home Diagnostic Testing Kits
Gas Powered Recreational Vehicles (e. g., Dirt Bikes,
Mini-Bikes, Scooters, Ride-ons, UTVs & ATVs) Diabetic Supplies* including meters, strips, lancets, lancet devices & syringes
Used or Mounted Tires, Snow Tires Hygienic Medical Equipment (e.g., bedpans, bath seats, opened/unsealed breast pumps)
Trading cards Used/opened RV sewer lines
*Items covered by Medicare Part B that are deemed substandard or unsuitable per Medicare supplier standards are returnable.Service Items Ineligible for Return/Refund/Replacement:
Walmart Financial Services Prepaid Cell Phone Cards Video Game Download Cards Sim Cards
Walmart Express Bill Pay Gift Cards Prepaid Gaming Cards Video On Demand
Walmart.com: Items Sold by Walmart
If an item was sold and shipped by Walmart, the Standard Return Policy applies. To view return by mail instructions, click how to return your item by mail.To return a Jewelry, Gem or Watch item over $300 sold by Walmart: Log in to your Walmart account or contact customer care at 1-800-WALMART or 1-800-925-6278.Box up the item. Include all original boxes, papers, grading, certificates of authenticity and appraisals.Drop the item for FedEx delivery or at a Walmart store.Use the shipping label provided by Walmart. Walmart will validate and authenticate the luxury item is returned in the exact same condition as shipped within 48 hours upon receipt of the item. Once validated, your refund will be processed back to your original method of payment in 7 to 10 business days.
Walmart.com: Items Sold by Marketplace Sellers
A Marketplace item is an item sold on Walmart.com by a seller other than Walmart. Most items are returnable within 30 days. Returning items purchased from a Marketplace Seller is easy. Simply:Start a return by logging into your Walmart account.Verify the return window and follow the instructions.Box and prepare the item for shipping.Drop it off for FedEx delivery or at a Walmart store, if eligible.The store will provide a shipping label for eligible items.NOTE: By leaving your package with Walmart for FedEx delivery, you are representing that the package contains no hazardous materials. Hazardous materials items may include batteries, flammable liquids, computer equipment, certain cosmetics, household goods, and other common products. For more information about what may be considered a hazardous material, see the DOT guidelines.To return a Luxury Item sold by a Marketplace Seller on Walmart.com: Within 14 days* of receiving the item, initiate the return online. Photograph the item and keep the photos for your records.Package the product carefully. Include all original boxes, papers, warranty cards, grading, certificates of authenticity and appraisals. Use a shipping label provided by Walmart or the Marketplace Seller.Use the Marketplace Seller’s instructions for shipping. Some items may be eligible to return at a Walmart store.Please refer to the seller’s return policy for refunds and return shipping fees. Insuring items valued above $500 is recommended. Any Marketplace Seller luxury item returned without the required materials or that is damaged will be rejected for return and refund. Worn, resized, or altered items may have a restocking fee up to 20% of the purchase price.Within 48 hours of receiving a returned luxury item, the Marketplace Seller will validate and authenticate that the item is in the exact same condition as originally shipped to the customer. Once validated, refunds are processed back to the customer’s original method of payment in 7 to 10 business days. Luxury Item Categories: Fine Art, Loose Gems & Gemstones, Jewelry & Watches above $300, Collectibles (e.g., Coins, Stamps), Memorabilia, and Precious Metals. Please refer to the seller’s specific policy for precious metals: APMEX or SD Bullion.*Precious metal sellers have a return window less than 14 days. Please refer to the applicable Marketplace Seller’s specific policy.
How to Get Your Refund
Receipted ReturnsNo receipt? We can look up store purchases with a debit/credit card or online orders with a phone number or email. Refunds processed back to a debit/credit card without a receipt may take 7 to 10 business days. Receipted items returned within the required timeframe will be refunded to the original purchase method as follows:
Method of Payment With Receipt Refund Timing
Cash or Check Cash Immediate
Credit Card Same Credit Card* 7 to 10 Business Days
Debit Card w/ PIN Same Debit Card* or Cash 5 to 7 Business Days
Walmart Gift Card Walmart Gift Card
Immediate
*When the original credit/debit card is unavailable, refunds for store purchases will go on a Walmart Gift Card and refunds for online purchases will go back to the issuing bank.Non-Receipted Returns To return or exchange items without a receipt, the customer must present a valid government-issued photo ID. Information from the customer ID is stored in a secure database that Walmart uses to authorize returns.If the refund verification process accepts the return the following options are available:Merchandise exchangeCash refund if value is less than $25Gift Card refund if value is equal to or greater than $25
Gifting
Items on a gift receipt can be exchanged, refunded to a Gift Card or credited to the sender’s original method of payment. Items without a gift receipt can be exchanged or refunded to a Gift Card. Items under $25 are refunded in cash.
WIC/SNAP Eligible Items
Eligible items can be returned for a cash refund/credit or Gift Card only if the customer has a receipt showing the item was not purchased with WIC or SNAP:
Customer with WIC with SNAP w/o WIC or SNAP
with receipt showing purchase made Item exchanged for same item.*Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed. Item can be refunded to SNAP EBT account or exchanged for the same item.Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed. Item returned for cash refund/credit or gift card.
without receipt WIC or SNAP eligible items exchanged for same item.Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed. N/A
*The customer must have formal documentation from the WIC agency to allow any exceptions. A WIC-eligible item is any item listed on the applicable state WIC approved food list. A WIC-purchased item is any item on the applicable state WIC approved food list purchased with a valid WIC food instrument (e.g., WIC Voucher, EBT Card, WIC CVV, etc.). A SNAP-eligible item is defined by the USDA as any food or food product for home consumption. It excludes specific items from being purchased with SNAP benefits.A SNAP-purchased item is any item purchased with a SNAP benefit.
The Fine Print
Walmart reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time. A receipt with a valid transaction number is required to receive a refund on sales tax for returned items within the time period allowed by law in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.Walmart reserves the right to limit or decline returns or exchanges regardless of whether the customer has a receipt. All non-receipt returns are subject to a refund verification process. All decisions regarding returns are subject to applicable laws. The Store Manager has the authority to make a final decision for all returns.Walmart also reserves the right to close Walmart.com accounts, or cancel or refuse orders for violations or abuse of our returns policy or any fraudulent activities relating to returns.
Seafood Policy
Section I: Sustainable Products at Walmart | Our Pledge to Customers/MembersOur customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.Section II: Sustainable SeafoodOver the past half century, demand for seafood has increased five-fold. An estimated 75 percent of the world’s fisheries are at or beyond sustainable limits. Meanwhile, an estimated 1 billion people rely on fish as their primary source of protein, while another 200 million rely on the industry as their main source of income.Section III: Walmart’s PositionWalmart aspires to help make choices easier and more transparent for people. We serve hundreds of millions of customers every year, and we advocate for them among suppliers to provide more sustainably produced products while maintaining the low prices customers expect. As part of our efforts to provide our customers affordable, safe, and healthier food, Walmart is committed to expand and enhance sustainable sourcing to cover 20 key commodities.At Walmart, we value our relationships with the seafood suppliers who are dedicated to providing the highest in quality and safety through practices that promote sustainable fisheries and social responsibility. We know that seafood is an important source of protein, nutrition, and income for people all over the world. Therefore, we aspire to find our customers safe, affordable, and sustainable seafood that does not negatively affect global communities or the environment. Our goal is to build transparency and continuous improvement in the seafood supply chain so that we can build confidence and provide for our customers now and in the future.Walmart believes the health of species, fisheries and ecosystems around the world is good for the planet and important to people today and in the future. We are working with our suppliers and partners to track the management of fisheries from which our suppliers source so that we can promote a sustainable supply.In addition, we care about the men and women in our supply chain and in the seafood industry as a whole, and we are concerned about the ethical recruitment and treatment of workers. While this is a complex issue, we are actively engaged in bringing together numerous stakeholders, NGOs and other private sector companies to help find solutions.Section IV: What we’re asking of our suppliersFresh and Frozen SeafoodBy 2025, based on price, availability, quality, customer demand, and unique regulatory environments across our global retail markets, Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club, ASDA, Walmart Canada, Walmart Brazil, Walmart Mexico, and Walmart Central America will require all fresh and frozen, farmed and wild seafood suppliers to source from fisheries who are:Third-party certified as sustainable using Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) or Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP), or certified by a program which follows the FAO Guidelines1 and is recognized by the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative (GSSI) as such. For our farmed supply, we expect suppliers to ensure sustainable production and sourcing throughout the supply chain, including final processing plant, farms, hatcheries and feed mills. ORActively working toward certification or in a Fishery Improvement Project (FIP) or Aquaculture Improvement Project (AIP) that has definitive and ambitious goals, measurable metrics, and time bound milestones.Canned TunaBy 2025, based on price, availability, quality, customer demand, and unique regulatory environments across our global retail markets, Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club, and Walmart Canada will require all canned light and white tuna suppliers to source from fisheries who are:Complying with the International Sustainable Seafood Foundation (ISSF) sustainability conservation measures, including those adopted in collaboration with relevant tuna Regional Fishery Management Organizations (RFMO) and from vessels that are registered on the Pro-active Vessel Register (PVR).ANDThird-party certified as sustainable using Marine Stewardship Council (MSC), or certified by a program which follows the FAO Guidelines1 and is recognized by the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative (GSSI) as such. Walmart will also source from suppliers using better management fishing practices as validated through chain of custody (e.g. pole and line, free-school sets). ORActively working toward certification or in a Fishery Improvement Project (FIP) that has definitive and ambitious goals, measurable metrics, and time bound milestones.When it comes to the issue of method of catch, Walmart will offer customer choice in select markets, based on local customer preference and market retail norms. Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club offer customer choice by carrying FAD-free lines of canned tuna. Walmart Canada will add Marine Stewardship Council-certified or FAD-free tuna to its private brand assortment by the end of 2021.ASDA sources all of its own-brand canned tuna and tuna sandwiches come from pole and line or FAD-free sources. For more information please see ASDA’s Sustainable Seafood Policy.Section V: Responsible SourcingWalmart’s commitment includes respecting the dignity of those who grow, catch and produce products for our customers. That is why Walmart suppliers globally—including seafood suppliers—are expected to comply with Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers and applicable Responsible Sourcing program requirements. Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers set out our expectations of suppliers and their facilities regarding the ethical treatment of workers, workplace safety, environmental responsibility, and appropriate business practices. The Standards apply throughout the supply chain, including vessels, hatcheries, feed mills, farms, and final processing facilities. Walmart expects its suppliers to be transparent, to disclose facilities consistent with policy and make all facilities available for audit or inspection at any time, and to commit to continuous improvement. Suppliers are also encouraged to involve themselves in Walmart-led or -supported industry initiatives focused on improving responsible sourcing in seafood supply chains. More about Walmart’s Responsible Sourcing program requirements and collaborative initiatives can be found at corporate.walmart.com/sourcing.
1FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries. Revision (2009)
FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2011)
FAO Technical guidelines on aquaculture Certification (2011)Last Updated: February 17, 2017
Social Media Guidelines
We engage with our customers and stakeholders beyond the walls of our stores: you can find us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Snapchat, LinkedIn and Medium. This page will give you a better idea on how to engage with us in social media, what you can expect from us, and where to find more information.Walmart's Twitter Engagement GuidelinesTwitter asks a very basic question of its users: “What’s happening?” And we know the answer to that question – we’re working every day to help people save money so they can live better.Through our Twitter account we aim to provide you with information on Walmart’s major activities and initiatives - from sustainability to diversity, from healthier foods to charitable giving. We welcome your thoughts on any and all of those topics.We are happy to help our customers and associates through Twitter and look forward to hearing from you. Here are a couple of things you should know about our Twitter engagement:We are committed to having a dialogue with our followers. We count on you to use @ messages in a way that contributes to the dialogue. Please support any claims with links to information sources whenever possible. We love opinions; we love them even more when you back them up with facts.We strive to respond to as many relevant questions and comments as possible, but we reserve the right to use our judgment in selecting the messages we respond to.Following a Twitter account or including an account in a Twitter list does not constitute an endorsement; the same applies to re-tweeting messages posted on accounts that Walmart does not own, or marking them as “favorites.”The posting and presence of content on Twitter and on this site does not necessarily mean that Walmart agrees with the content, ensures its accuracy or otherwise approves of it. Nothing in any Twitter page constitutes a binding representation, agreement or an endorsement on the part of Walmart. Please review Twitter’s terms of use carefully when engaging on the site. Walmart’s Facebook and Instagram Engagement GuidelinesWe’re excited that you’ve joined us on our Facebook or Instagram page, and we know you’ve got plenty to say. At Walmart, our mission is our purpose: we save people money so they can live better. While you’re with us, we hope you’ll take a moment to read the following guidelines we ask you to follow when contributing to our Facebook or Instagram page:Don’t do anything that breaks the law.Be polite and courteous, even if you disagree. Excessive name calling, profanity, fighting words, discriminatory epithets, sexual harassment, bullying, gruesome language or the like, will not be tolerated.Stay on topic. Keep the conversation relevant to the community and contribute to the dialogue. We reserve the right to remove content that is off-topic, out of context, spam, promotional or links to third party sites.Keep it real. All posts should come from a real person and a real Facebook or Instagram profile. Postings from fake or anonymous profiles will be deleted when discovered.We are happy to help our customers and associates through Facebook or Instagram, and look forward to hearing from you. We reserve the right to remove content posted to Facebook or Instagram that violates these guidelines. If you are a Walmart associate, please follow these additional guidelines:Know the rules. Before engaging on Facebook or Instagram, or on any other social media property, make sure you read and understand Walmart’s Social Media Policy and Walmart Information Policy. In any and all interactions, make sure that you don’t share confidential or private information about the Company’s business operations, products, services, or customers; respect financial disclosure laws; and do not say you speak for the Company without express written authorization from the Company to do so.Remember that we have a dedicated team tasked with responding to customer inquiries or criticism. Our official Walmart social team is responsible for engaging customers through our page. To avoid confusion, we ask that you not attempt to respond to customer inquiries or comments directed specifically to the Company or asking for an official Company response on this site.Consider using company established channels for job-specific issues. While we encourage associates to join our Facebook and Instagram communities and participate in conversations with our customers and other users, we encourage you to direct your complaints or concerns about your job or working environment to your store management team using the established Open Door Process or WalmartOne.com.For Walmart managers: If you are a manager, please make sure you are familiar with our Social Media Management Guidelines, available on the Walmart Wire.
Standards for Suppliers
All suppliers and their facilities – including
subcontracting and packaging facilities – are expected to uphold Walmart’s
Standards for Suppliers. Learn more about our standards and expectations for
suppliers and our requirements for facility disclosure here.
Sustainable Chemistry Commitment
Walmart customers expect products that are safe, affordable and sustainable. Sustainable Chemistry is the design of chemical products and processes that reduce or eliminate the use or generation of hazardous substances, both to humans and the environment. To minimize the negative environmental and social impact, Walmart has developed a policy on sustainable chemistry for its consumables/Health & Wellness business that focuses on transparency, advancing formulation, and begin labeling private brand products in accordance with the U.S. EPA’s Design for the Environment Safer Product Labeling.Beginning in January 2015, Walmart expects all suppliers will provide full online public ingredient disclosure for formulated consumable items sold at Walmart and Sam’s Club. For private brands, Walmart partnered with the WERCs – a vendor supporting Walmart’s chemical safety and regulatory compliance – to house all proprietary product formulations. Supplier formulations remain confidential from Walmart. Through the WERCS, Walmart private brand suppliers reviewed and approved their in-scope products ingredients in compliance with either U.S. EPA's Design for the Environment Standard for Safer Products or CSPA's Consumer Product Ingredient Communication Initiative. Ingredient information for Walmart private brand products within the scope of the policy will be made available on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com items pages.The following categories of ingredients are commonly protected as trade secrets. When ingredients in these categories are trade secrets, they should be disclosed as follows: Dyes and colorants: should be listed by a chemical-descriptive name. In some cases, Walmart’s private brand products may list colorants that vary by product. Fragrances: Scent ingredients may be listed as "Fragrance," on the label, but the formulator must indicate where detailed information can be found. View Walmart’s Fragrance palette for private brands.The Walmart Sustainability Index will measure supplier compliance with the policy. If a formulated consumable product is missing its online ingredient disclosure, please email sustainabilityassessment@wal-mart.com.For more information on the Sustainable Chemistry Commitment, please visit the Walmart Sustainability Hub.
Walmart Statement of Ethics
Global Ethics is responsible for promoting Walmart’s culture of integrity. This includes developing and upholding our policies for ethical behavior for all of our stakeholders everywhere we operate.But perhaps most importantly, it includes raising awareness of ethics policies and providing channels for stakeholders to bring ethics concerns to our attention. Global Ethics:Serves as a guide and resource for ethical decision makingProvides a confidential and anonymous reporting systemLeads a continuing ethics education and communication systemLearn more at the Walmart Statement of Ethics