http://corpwatch.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Close
Company Profiles
Publications Articles
Reports
Cartoons
About Our History
Who We Are
Media
Volunteer
Contact Us
Donate
Search
Search
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
CorpWatch is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our users. We are opposed to mass surveillance and any kind of uninvited intrusion. This policy represents our commitment as an organization to your right to privacy, giving you a clear explanation about how we use your information and your rights over that information.
This policy applies to all online systems offered by CorpWatch to the public, through our website www.corpwatch.org and other websites we operate.
What types of information do we collect and how?
You can access most of the pages on our websites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information.
Our web servers do not use cookies but we do use basic analytic tools to track which country visitors are in via IP addresses and how much time each visitor spends on each page. This is purely designed to serve you better. We do not have access to your actual IP address and none of that data is stored on our servers.
We do collect personal information in the following ways:
* When you sign up to our list-serv and explicitly provide information to us.* When you make a donation to us* When you apply for a job or internship opportunity with us
If you choose to provide it, we can collect the following types of personal information from you:
* Name* Age* Address* Email address* Phone number* Credit card details
We use your personal information collected via our websites for the following purposes:
* To update you on our articles, campaigns and reports* To ask you to donate or get involved in our campaigns* To process donations that we receive from you* To administer and progress your applications for employment or internship opportunities with us
Data protection law requires us to have a legal justification to process your personal information.
Consent: We require your consent to send you our communications for example to send you emails to update you on our work and our campaigns and to request donations. We will only process your information in this way if you consent.
To fulfil a contractual obligation: If you donate to us, we will process the personal data you provided to process that donation or action your membership request.
Security : We take appropriate security measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date. We also take care to ensure that we have secure systems for processing payments through our payment services provider. However the transmission of information over the Internet is never completely secure, so while we do our best to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to our websites.
Third Party Websites: On our website we often have links to third party websites. This policy does not apply to such pages or applications hosted or operated by other organisations. These other sites may have their own privacy policies which apply to them.
Hosting and processing arrangements : Our websites are hosted by third party service providers and therefore any personal details you submit through them may be processed by that third party service provider.
Payment processing and fraud: Where submitted, your card details may be disclosed to banks or relevant financial institutions to arrange payments. In the case of a suspected fraudulent transaction, your details may be further disclosed for the sole purpose of performing further checks (for example, disclosure to a credit checking agency).
Use of cookies: A cookie is a text-only piece of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will normally contain the name of the Internet domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. CorpWatch does not use cookies to track visitors.
Retention Period For Data: We only hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the purposes outlined above.
Access to and your rights over your personal information: The personal data we hold about you is yours. You have the following rights over your information:
* To be informed how your data is being processed* To access your data* To rectify any data that is inaccurate* To instruct us to delete your data* To restrict our processing of your data (which includes contacting you via email) at any time. All our email communications to you will contain an unsubscribe link.* To object to your data being stored.* To move your data
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have any questions about this policy you may contact us in the following ways:
By email: cwadmin@corpwatch.org
Complaints
If you wish to lodge a complaint about our handling of your personal data please get in touch with us on the details above with the details of your complaint.