https://corshambaptists.org/privacy-notice/
Corsham Baptist Church
Login
Toggle navigation
Corsham Baptist Church
Home
Sermons
Keep in touch
Children
Youth
Adults
Mission
Login
This document seeks to summarise how we collect, maintain, secure and share your personal information. The principles we follow in doing this are that the use of your data should always be:
Fair
Transparent, and
Lawful
These principles apply equally to both paper and electronic uses.
We will only store, transmit and use your personal data in the places detailed in our regularly reviewed data audit.
That use includes internal administration of the church including membership roll, giving, gift aid and other tasks as they arise. In addition we may use your contact details in the following ways if you choose to consent to them:
contact me regarding any activities
contact me regarding only specific activities: (for example one or more ministries)
include my contact details in church directory
Update your preferences
We will not transfer your information outside of the UK and EEA unless equivalent protection exists as that provided by UK law.
If at any stage there is a need to share your information with third parties, for example to conduct DBS check or recover Gift Aid, you will be informed in advance unless legal exemptions to doing so apply. Only trained Staff or Trustees may share your information and records of having done so will be kept.
Please let us know of any changes as they happen and we will also remind you each year to confirm your information is up to date. In general, subject to certain overriding rules we must comply with, if we have not seen or heard from you in two years we will securely delete your data.
At any stage you may request to see what we hold on you in the same way you submitted it and we will respond as quickly as reasonably possible (no longer than 30 days). You may also withdraw your permission in the same way.
If you have any further questions for our Data Protection Officer or wish to see the full Data Protection Policy please contact dpo@corshambaptists.org. In the event that you are still not satisfied you may also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_g_…, _ga, _gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
WordPress Cookies
wordpress_…
wp_…
WordPress is the software we use to manage and publish this site. It uses cookies to verify who you are. There are cookies for logged in users and for commenters. The actual cookies contain hashed data, so you don’t have to worry about someone gleaning your username and password by reading the cookie data. Read more about WordPress cookies
Jetpack Cookies
See Jetpack site
Jetpack is an extension to the core WordPress software and also used to maintain the site Read more about Jetpack cookies
Wordfence Cookies
wfvt_…
wordfence_verifiedHuman
Wordfence is a plugin that helps us protect the site. It uses cookies for three tasks:
To uniquely identify visitors shown in Wordfence Live traffic.
To track a user who was previously logged into WordPress but has logged out to ensure that Falcon cache does not show that user cached pages.
If a user has visited a unique page that allows them to bypass country blocking a cookie is set to identify that user so that country blocking does not prevent them from viewing the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: