https://corsbassett.com/privacy-policy/
Information
Privacy Policy
Cors & Bassett is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the Cors & Bassett site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Cors & Bassett site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Cors & Bassett collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, telephone number, and employer. Cors & Bassett also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, interests, preferences, and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Cors & Bassett. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Cors & Bassett for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cors & Bassett site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Cors & Bassett public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Cors & Bassett does not read any of your private online communications.
Cors & Bassett encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Cors & Bassett so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Cors & Bassett is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Cors & Bassett Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Cors & Bassett collects and uses your personal information to operate the Cors & Bassett Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Cors & Bassett may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Cors & Bassett does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Cors & Bassett may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
Cors & Bassett does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Cors & Bassett keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Cors & Bassett , in order to determine what Cors & Bassett services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Cors & Bassett to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Cors & Bassett Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cors & Bassett or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cors & Bassett ; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cors & Bassett , or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Cors & Bassett Web site uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. When you return to the same Cors & Bassett Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Cors & Bassett features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Cors & Bassett services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Cors & Bassett secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Cors & Bassett secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Cors & Bassett will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Cors & Bassett encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Cors & Bassett is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Cors & Bassett  welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Cors & Bassett has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Cors & Bassett at vsh@corsbassett.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.