http://courtyardapp.com/help/privacy
Courtyard Online Manual
Table of Contents
Courtyard Home
<< Return to Table of Contents
Courtyard Privacy Policy
Information Gathering and Usage
Cookies
Data Storage
Disclosure
Changes
Questions
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail,
aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and
information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or
site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the
content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared
with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to
provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission,
or under the following circumstances:
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or
take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations
involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person,
violations of Terms of Service,
or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Sheltered Apps or Courtyard is acquired by
or merged with another company. In this event, Sheltered Apps will notify you
before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a
different privacy policy.
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for Courtyard we ask for information such as your name,
company name, email address, billing address, credit card information.
Sheltered Apps uses collected information for the following general purposes:
products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication,
services improvement, contact, and research.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique
identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and
stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies are required to use the Courtyard service.
We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use
permanent cookies. You are required to log-in to your Courtyard Directory
after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others
accidentally accessing your account contents.
Data Storage
Sheltered Apps uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the
necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology
required to run Courtyard. Although Sheltered Apps owns the code, databases, and
all rights to the Courtyard application, you retain all rights to your data.
Disclosure
Sheltered Apps may disclose personally identifiable information under special
circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate
the Terms of Service.
Changes
Sheltered Apps may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about
significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a
notice to the primary email address specified in your Courtyard Directory
Administrator account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support at courtyardapp dot com.
Couldn't find what you were looking for? Ask a question.
Copyright ©2007-2010 Sheltered Apps, LLC. All rights reserved.