https://covenanthousedc.org/aboutus/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Security
Covenant House Washington (CHW), is a Washington, DC Metropolitan Region not-for-profit corporation, and is the sole owner of information collected on covenanthousedc.org. CHDC collects personally-identifiable information from visitors at several points on our website, some of which is collected via unsecured email web forms. An email web form is like most common types of email messages, except the sender need not use third-party software. CHDC will not sell, trade or share a donor’s personal information collected online or offline with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations unless the donor has given CHDC specific permission to do so. For example, if you make a donation in commemoration of another person, we will send recognition of your donation to a third-party address provided by you. If you have any questions regarding the security of your credit card donation online, please email externalaffairs@chdc.org, or call 202-610-6501 for more information.
Donations
If you pledge money as a donation to us, we request certain personally-identifiable information from you on our secure donation form and/or by telephone. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fulfill your donation. If we have trouble processing a donation, we will use this information to contact you. If authorized by you, CHDC will use this information to provide newsletters periodically and announcements about CHDC, including enhancements to this site.
Security with Donations
Covenant House Washington is grateful for the donations that help us continue our valuable work. It is very important to us that your personal information remain secure. When you donate to Covenant House Washington online, your credit card information is secured by a reputable security company. Also, your credit card number is used only for that particular transaction and is not stored. You will notice in your web site address bar that the domain name starts with an “https” on those donation pages. This means that information entered on those pages is encrypted for your security. This actually makes it more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store for example. If you have any questions regarding the security of your credit card donation online, please e-mail mtracy@chdc.org for more information.
Communications from this Site
Special Offers and Updates
Upon your authorization through one of our contact forms or registration pages, we will occasionally send you information on CHDC services, events, fundraising campaigns, and updates to this site.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out” section.
Customer Service
Based upon the personally-identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your participation. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies to create a “profile” of your preferences. We do not tie your personally-identifiable information or your donation history to information in the profile.
Personally-identifiable information
We share some personally-identifiable information with Third Parties when the donor has given CHDC specific permission to do so. Examples include shipping companies, donations made in commemoration of another person, etc.
You are not required to provide any personal information on our Web site unless you choose to do so. We do ask for personal information on our online donation pages to properly enable donation transaction processing. We use this information to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes. If you give a gift to Covenant House Washington, your name and address will be placed on our physical mailing list for mail updates. If you do not wish to receive physical mail from Covenant House Washington you may call us at any time at 202-610-9600, or e-mail us at mtracy@chdc.org, to be removed. If you are making a donation in honor of or in memory of someone, we will not use their personal information for any purpose other than sending the acknowledgement card.
Agents
We use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for donations, goods and services. To the best of our knowledge, these companies do not use personally-identifiable information for any other purposes. At your request, we will provide to you our list of Third Party Agents and you may assess their privacy policies on your own.
Choice/Opt-Out
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally-identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you make a donation but do not wish to receive any additional campaign material from us, you can indicate your preference at the time of your donation.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt- out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by noting your preferences in an email to mtracy@chdc.org
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track movement around the site and to gather demographic information about our site visitors as a whole.We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally-identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally- identifiable information you submit while on our site.We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. We set a persistent cookie to store non-personally-identifiable preferences, such as whether your browser received a list of random news articles from our site in the last 24 hours so information on our homepage is easier to find and more predictable. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as forms or surveys, will be limited.
General Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. Please note that when you enter sensitive information (such as contact information or a resume) on our contact forms (with the exception of donations which is encrypted), that information is sent without encryption, as is most email by default. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
By sending your personally-identifiable information using our email web forms, you agree to hold harmless CHDC in the event that such information is intercepted during transmission or copied illegally, in whole or in part, from our web server or other CHDC-owned electronic storage media.
Business Transitions
In the event CHDC goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally-identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email, postal mail, and/or a prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact Us
If you have questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Covenant House Washington
2001 Mississippi Ave SE, Washington, DC 20020
(202)-610-9600
Marlena Lanham Tracy, Dir. of Development
mtracy@chdc.org