https://cpcml.ca/mlpc-privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
Membership
Contributions
Audiovisual
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
FrançaisFrançaisMLPC Privacy Policy
The Marxist-Leninist Party of Canada is committed to safeguarding the confidentiality and safety of personal information under its control. It does not deal in commercial or any other kinds of exchanges with the personal information it gathers. It does not use data brokers.
The MLPC does not use cookies, nor deploy any other methods of on-line tracking of individuals.
The MLPC collects voluntarily-provided names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of individuals and organizations for specifically agreed to purposes. It collects this information via the party website, email, or in person-to-person exchanges, including door-to-door work, public rallies and meetings. Before using the information for communications it sends the individual an email to get their affirmative consent.
The MLPC ensures that activists who solicit subscriptions for Party publications are aware that subscriber information can only be used for the stated purpose of collection. Information compiled for the purpose of distributing the Marxist-Leninist Weekly or other party publications is used only for that purpose unless permission is obtained to use it for another reason. Similarly, information obtained through petition campaigns is used only for the aim of that campaign and not retained or used for any other purpose.
When individuals contribute to the Marxist-Leninist Party of Canada, they are informed that the Canada Elections Act requires their name and address to be provided to Elections Canada if the amount is greater than $200 and that their name and partial address will be published on the Elections Canada website. When individuals contribute less than $200 and more than $20, the party must retain their full name on file for compliance with the law, while their name and address is retained if they request an official tax receipt.
Every three years, the names and addresses of 250 party members are submitted to Elections Canada, as required by law. Members whose names are submitted consent to having their information shared with Elections Canada.
Personal information is protected by ensuring that it is only available to a limited number of people who use it for the purpose under which it was obtained and that they are trained in best practices for security. It ensures that personal information is not retained on unprotected computers and that network protections and firewalls are kept up-to-date. It keeps paper authorizations through which people have agreed to receive electronic mail in secured cabinets.
Individuals who have subscribed to receive electronic mailings can unsubscribe at any time by writing to postmaster@cpcml.ca.
If you have any concern about our privacy policy, contact Diane Johnston at 613-792-4475, or write to her at 404-1066 Somerset Street West, Ottawa ON K1Y 4T3. You can reach her by email at SecretaryMLPC@cpcml.ca.
Join Our Mailing List
Email address*
NamePostal Code