http://createinternational.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Create International
Skip to content
Also Visit:
Equip2Go | 20/20 Vision | IndigiTube.tv
Search:
Mail page opens in new windowRss page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowFacebook page opens in new window
Create International
capturing life communicating hope
Home Who We AreThe Vision The Teams The Values
What We DoDocumentary Films Gospel Films Art & Animation Innovative Training Cutting Edge Resources
ProjectsBecome a Project Partner Projects Fundraising
Podcast eNews Store Join usBecome Create Staff Become a Volunteer/Intern Become a Supporter Become a 20/20 Vision Partner
Contact Us
Home Who We AreThe Vision The Teams The Values
What We DoDocumentary Films Gospel Films Art & Animation Innovative Training Cutting Edge Resources
ProjectsBecome a Project Partner Projects Fundraising
Podcast eNews Store Join usBecome Create Staff Become a Volunteer/Intern Become a Supporter Become a 20/20 Vision Partner
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Create International collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://createinternational.com website (“Site”).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. The non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance a User’s experience. The User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to store information about the Users preferences for use of the Site. The User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly as a result.
How we use collected information
Create International may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
The information the User provides helps us respond to customer service requests and their support needs more efficiently.
To personalize User experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback Users provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address a User provides voluntarily to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
To send regular update emails
We may use the email address a User provides voluntarily to send regular emails to inform the User of updates.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our ministry partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our ministry and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share Users information with these third parties for those limited purposes, provided the User has given us permission.
Electronic newsletters
If the User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include ministry news, updates, related opportunity or service information, etc. We may use third-party service providers to help operate our ministry and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share the Users information with these third-parties for those limited purposes provided that the User has given us their permission.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13-years old, and no part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13-years old.
Changes to this privacy policy
Create International has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site and revise the date at the bottom of this page to reflect the date of these changes. We encourage the User to frequently check this page for any changes and to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. The User acknowledges and agrees that it is their responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, the User signifies their acceptance of this policy. If the User does not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as the Users acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on April 27, 2018
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Documentary Films
Gospel Films
Online Digital Store Visit us Here!
Designed by: PhilC.Design | © Create International
Part of the YWAM global family of ministries | COOKIES POLICY -- PRIVACY POLICY
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled