https://creationfest.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Home Tickets Lineup Groups Volunteer Questions
Privacy Policy
Creation Events LLC (“Creation Events”, “we”, “us”, “our”) respects the privacy of individuals who attend our festivals, visit our website, send us an e-mail, or participate in features and services we offer online or in person. This privacy policy applies to both online and offline collection of personal information by Creation Events. By using our website or our products or services and providing us with your personal information (collectively “Services”), you acknowledge having read and understood the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
PLEASE NOTE THE ARBITRATION PROVISION SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH MAY, EXCEPT WHERE AND TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.
Table of Contents
How We Collect Personal Information: 2
Information Collected: We collect the following categories of information from and about you (“Personal Information”):
Information that is about your use of our websites and how you access them, such as information about your browser, service provider, internet connection, geolocation information, online identifiers (such as usernames), IP address, and usage information (such as how you and your device interacted with our website including the pages you visit or search terms as well as search engines used to find our websites).
Information that you decide to provide to us (such as by filling in forms or applications on our websites or while attending our festival(s)), by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, any other information collected that can be used to identify you, or any other identifying information by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personally Identifiable Information”).
Records and copies of your correspondence with us, if you contact us (such as emails, text messages, live chat features, and telephone records).
Details of transactions you initiate or carry out through our websites or at our festival(s).
Information that is about you, but individually does not identify you, such as navigational information on what links you click on our websites, search inquiries, and any other non-identifying information you produce in interacting with our websites, which may or may not be stored along with Personally Identifiable Information.
How We Use Collected Information: We use the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
To provide our Services.
To send you marketing communications.
To respond to your requests and inquiries.
To improve user experiences by making our website easier to use and navigate.
For other legitimate business purposes.
How We Collect Personal Information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us (such as when you submit online forms, physical forms or applications to us).
Automatically as you navigate through our websites (as explained in further detail in the next section of this policy).
From third parties, such as advertising companies that help us locate potential customers. We maintain such information in accordance with the standards set forth in this privacy policy, as we do with all other Personal Information that you provide.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies:  We use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: details of your visits to our websites, such as traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites such as information about your computer and internet connection, such as your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with Personally Identifiable Information we collect in other ways, or receive from third parties. This information is typically used to help us to improve our websites to deliver a better and more personalized service including by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; compile broad statistical data; analyze visitor use of our websites and tailor sites to meet their interests; store website user preference and speed up their searches; and recognize return visitors.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our websites may use local stored objects (or “Flash cookies”) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our websites. These may also be disabled or otherwise limited by activating the appropriate settings on your browser.
Web Beacons. Our websites or email communications may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as “clear gifs,” “pixel tags,” and “single-pixel gifs”) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics.
Similar Technologies. We may adopt other similar technologies for similar purposes.
Understanding Cookies (or “browser cookies”): A cookie is a small text file that uniquely identify your device that a website can transfer to a consumer’s hard drive to keep records of his or her visit to a website. We or third parties may use session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies only last for the specific duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device’s hard drive until you delete them or they expire. Different cookies are used to perform different functions, which are explained below:
Essential. Some cookies are essential to enable you to move around our website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our website. Without these cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using.
Analytics. We use Google Analytics to measure how you interact with our website and to improve your user experience. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy and opt-out mechanism, please visit Google Analytics Security and Privacy Principles page at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. Google also provides a complete privacy policy and instructions for opting-out of Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Targeted Advertising. We use cookies to compile information on our users’ interaction with our website. We use this information to serve ads to you off of our website.
Managing Cookies: There are several ways to manage cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the browser level, by instructing your browser to accept cookies, disable cookies, or notify you when receiving a new cookie. Please note that if you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited. The Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt-out of a number of advertising cookies. You may visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more. Note that opting-out does not mean that you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the companies from which you opted-out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your preferences and usage patterns.
Collection and Use of Information from Children: Our Services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect or sell Personal Information about children and none of our Services are designed to attract children. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the websites. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of their features, register on our websites, make any purchases through our websites, use any of the interactive features of our websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the information provided in the “Contact Us” section provided at the end of this policy.
Data Security:  We implement reasonable security measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information.  Please understand, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information you transfer to us electronically is done at your own risk.
If we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. We may post a notice via our website if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us, if at all, in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information: We may share or disclose your Personal Information to the following categories of third parties and for the following reasons:
We may disclose your Personal Information to our affiliated entities (which are entities under a common ownership or control with us for the purposes of providing Services or whose products or services we believe might be of interest to you.
We may disclose your Personal Information to third-party service providers, agents, or independent contractors who help us maintain our Services and provide other administrative services to us.
We may disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties whose products or services we believe might be of interest to you.
We may disclose your Personal Information when reasonably necessary to enforce or apply the terms of any agreements we may have with you, including for billing and collection purposes.
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information.
We may disclose your Personal Information in the course of any reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
We may disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement, government agencies, and other related third parties in order to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
We may disclose your personal Information for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provided the information to us.
How we Respond to Do-Not-Track Signals: Some browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not want to be tracked.  Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to a DNT signal, we do not currently respond to DNT signals on this website or on websites where we provide advertisements, content, or other services.
Marketing Communications Opt-Out: We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of marketing communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in email communications or providing the STOP response in text messages, or by contacting us using the contact information below. We will process your request as soon as possible in accordance with applicable law, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed.
Additionally, we may send you information regarding our Services, such as information about changes to our policies and other notices and disclosures required by law. Generally, users cannot opt-out of these types of communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications.
External Third-Party Links: Our website may contain links to other sites. Creation Events is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. If you have any questions about how these other sites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Postings Visible to the Public: Our websites may utilize chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or similar forum technologies at various times. Unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas is public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any information in these areas, especially any Personally Identifiable Information. CREATION EVENTS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE IN A PUBLIC FORUM.
International Transfer of Data: Our websites are designed for, and intended to be used exclusively by, United States residents. We are not responsible for their use in any foreign nation or territory. If you are visiting our websites from a location outside of the United States your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States. Any information you provide during your visit will be processed and maintained on our web server and other internal systems located within the United States.
Please note that if you provide us with Personal Information, it may be transferred to our affiliates or third-parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the EU or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that you are transferring your personal information to the US and other jurisdictions that may not have the same data protection laws as the EU. You acknowledge your understanding that by providing your Personal Information, your Personal Information will be used the for the uses identified in this Policy and may be transferred to the US and other jurisdictions in accordance with applicable law.
Assignment of Your Personal Information: In the event of a merger or acquisition or sale of our assets to another company, you grant us the right to assign the Personal Information collected via the Services as part of that merger, acquisition or sale.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement: Except where prohibited by law, by using the Services, you and Creation Events agree that, if there is any claim, action, or dispute arising out of or related to your use of the Services or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Policy or any part of it (“Dispute”), both parties shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute. Notice shall be sent to:
For Creation Events:
Creation Events, LLC
13040 I 10 Service Rd.
New Orleans, LA 70128
For You: at the address we have on file for you or at the address that you include in your written notice of the Dispute.
You and Creation Events agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent that must be satisfied before initiating any legal proceeding or filing any claim against the other party. IF ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE DECIDED BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other rights that you and we would otherwise have in court will not be available, or will be more limited in arbitration, including discovery and appeal rights. All such disputes shall be exclusively submitted to ADR Services, Inc., https://www.adrservices.com/ for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The arbitrator and not any federal, state, or local court or agency shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Policy, including any claim that all or any part of this Policy is void or voidable.
Other Arbitration Agreements:
In the event of a conflict between this agreement to arbitrate and any other arbitration agreement between you and Creation Events, the terms of the Other Arbitration Agreement shall govern and prevail in each instance.
Choice of Law: This Policy is made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana without giving effect to any conflict of law principles. Any dispute or claims not subject to the arbitration provision above shall be resolved by a court located in the State of Louisiana in the Orleans Parish and you agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
Changes to this Policy: We post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page and include a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the homepage(s) of our website(s). If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you through a notice on the homepage(s) of our website(s) and may, in our discretion, contact you by email to notify you as well. We encourage you to periodically revisiting our Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us: If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may contact us using the following methods:
Creation Events, LLC
13040 I 10 Service Rd.
New Orleans, LA 70128
Email: help@creationfest.com
Go to Top
COVID-19 UPDATES
Posted: March 31st, 2020
On the heels of the postponement of concerts and events that CREATION was promoting this year, we are faced with the unimagined reality that we must now postpone CREATION FESTIVAL 2020 to next year, due to a myriad of complications from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Learn More
X