http://creativeproverbs.com/privacy.htm
Home
Search
Indexes
E-books
Links
Bemorecreative
Privacy Statement
This website (and each member
website within the BeMoreCreative.com family) has created this privacy statement in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy for all its member websites. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for the website shown in the URL for this webpage.
Information Automatically Logged:
We only use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and
to administer our Web site.
Advertisers: We
use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated
information (not including your name, address, email address
or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web
sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies,
click here
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Personal Information:
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any
information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally
contacted (unless you voluntarily complete an online survey).  Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we
do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we
use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links:
This site contains links to other sites,
but is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linking/linked
websites.
Special Relationships:
This
website collaborates with a variety of websites and
search engines, e.g.,  Amazon.com. This website does not collect any personal information for these partnering
agencies.
When you exit this website to visit one of these partners you are
no longer covered by the privacy statement of this website.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact the
webmaster@bemorecreative.com
Creative Perfumes
Be More Creative
Creative
Hats
Musical Instruments
Baby
Creativity
copyright 2000-2010 by Franklin C. Baer, Baertracks at
bemorecreative.com