https://creonline.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
News
CRE news
CRE in the media
Visiting
CRE South West 2021
Welcome!
Who’s exhibiting?
CRE National 2021
Welcome!
Who’s exhibiting?
Exhibiting
CRE South West 2021
Welcome!
Why exhibit?
Choose your stand
CRE National 2021
Welcome!
Why exhibit?
Choose your stand
Book tickets
CRE South West 2021
About CRE
Contact us
Privacy policy
Home   /  Privacy policy
At Christian Resources Exhibitions (CRE) Ltd your privacy is critically and ethically important to us. We therefore exercise a few fundamental principles:
• We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it (we do not favour services that ask for things like gender or income level for no apparent reason)
• People who have registered for our events will receive:
Email communications about the event and other relevant events from CRE, such as your electronic entry ticket, and important announcements.
Information by post about future CRE events in their area. We also reserve our right to use your data to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
• We do not store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals
Christian Resources Exhibitions Ltd (CRE) operates its own website – creonline.co.uk. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating the website.
Where we store your personal data
• All information you provide is stored on secure servers. We use a GDPR compliant registration company to collect and store data about visitors to our events and we send emails to our previous and current visitors using MailChimp.
• We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of your information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
• Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the website. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Exhibitor badge scanners
When you are at one of our events you may be issued with a badge to gain entry. If your badge has a bar code and you allow exhibitors to scan the badge, they will receive your contact details and may contact you in future about their products and services. If you do not want to give your contact details to an exhibitor, do not allow them to scan your badge at the event.
Data about who has scanned your badge may be used by the organiser of this event (CRE Ltd) for analytical purposes.
Website visitors
Like most website operators, CRE collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. CRE’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how CRE’s visitors use its website. From time to time, CRE may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g. by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Aggregated statistics
CRE may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its websites.
Protection of certain personally-identifying information
CRE discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on CRE’s behalf or to provide services available at CRE’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. By using CRE’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. CRE will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations, as described above, CRE discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when CRE believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of CRE, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of the CRE website and have supplied your email address, CRE may send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on at CRE and our events. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. CRE takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
CRE may from time to time contact you about our events. By providing your mobile number you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes via voice calls or SMS by CRE Ltd.
Security
When you make any payment to us through the website, you must make that payment to us using your credit or debit card, or such other payment methods as we make available from time to time. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. CRE may use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our website, and their website access preferences. CRE visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using CRE’s website, with the drawback that certain features of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Where CRE is attempting to set a cookie, we will explicitly tell you.
Adverts
Adverts appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows advert networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by CRE and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, CRE may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our privacy policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Top stories
Now it’s Boxing Day all over Christmas
Discover Jesus and justice with a bunch of ‘ordinary radicals’
Beyond Covid at Christmas: hope meets real lives
In the darkest of years, the gift of light
‘You gotta move..!’ New dates for CRE South West are 23-24 June 2021
Previously
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
Christian Resources Exhibition
1 and 2 Ellison’s Cottages
Crank Road
St Helens
Merseyside
WA11 7RQ
General enquiries
Phone: 0161 240 4500
Or by email
Christian Resources Exhibition is a limited company Reg No. 02549188
Privacy Policy
© Copyright Christian Resources Exhibitions 2020