https://crewnetwork.org/special-pages/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies in order to improve user experience. By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. For more information view our privacy policy
CREW Network Privacy Policy
Updated May 2018
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and your control of how your information is collected and used. The following discloses our practices regarding the dissemination of information gathered from, and posted on, this site. This privacy statement may be changed at any time; if any changes are made, they will be posted to this page.
Collection of Information About Our Website Visitors
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user's hard disk for use either during a particular session ("per-session" cookie) or for future use ("persistent" cookie). For each visitor to our website, our web server collects general information that does not identify a specific visitor or a visitor's email address. Only the host name or IP address (a unique number that is assigned to your computer every time you connect to the Internet) from which the site was accessed are identified. We use this information to calculate the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to identify behaviors while visiting our site. A similar tracking method is also used for recipients of our emails.
Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. When a user visits the site for the first time, the system will ask whether the user approves of the attachment of a cookie. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a "persistent" cookie and rather accept only a "per-session" cookie, but will need to login each time they visit the site to enjoy the full benefits. If the user declines the attachment of any cookie, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the website.
When you register for an event, purchase merchandise, or make a CREW Network Foundation donation, the type of personally identifiable information that CREW Network collects may include name, employer, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and credit card information. CREW Network may also collect information about your preferences for events, activities, and options at a CREW Network or CREW Network chapter or affiliate event for which you register.
Authorized CREW Network staff or CREW Network members may correct, update, or supplement personal and professional information.
Use of the Information
CREW Network may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for CREW Network products, programs, and services, and to respond to your inquiries.
Information you provide through your event registration, membership application or renewal and when updating your personal record is used to ensure that CREW Network may deliver electronic newsletters, notices of events, and other member entitlements to you in a timely manner. Some of this information may be available publicly for the purpose of displaying event attendee lists. The information displayed on this public list may include your name, employer and CREW Network chapter. You can opt out of displaying your information on an attendee list by contacting a member of the CREW Network staff.
Agents and contractors of CREW Network who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for CREW Network.
User passwords, assigned by CREW Network or selected by the user, are not made available to any person or entity other than the user and to authorized staff members of CREW Network.
CREW Network may disclose any user's personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
CREW Network will take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of personally identifiable information that is collected, but will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Statement.
CREW Network will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above. If you have a user account at crewnetwork.org, you may view or change your personally identifiable information at any time by clicking here (login required).
If you would like to request removal of your personally identifiable information from our website, CREWbiz Member Community, internal database or other records, please complete this Removal Request form. If you would like to export your personal data, please complete this Data Export Request form.
Security of Credit Card Information
CREW Network and CREW Network Foundation are fully committed to data security. CREW Network has put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us online.
When you register for an event, purchase merchandise, renew your membership or make a CREW Network Foundation donation, CREW Network utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. All personal information, including credit card number/expiration date, name and address is encrypted during transmission over the Internet. CREW Network uses this information to process your registration, order, or donation only. CREW Network does not use this data for any other purpose.
External Links
CREW Network is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any external websites that are used as links.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, contact CREW Network Chief Technology Officer Mark Brockhoff at (785) 856-8263.
CREWbiz Member Community and CREWbiz App
CREWbiz is an online business networking platform, membership directory, personal marketing profile and mobile app exclusively for CREW Network members. CREWbiz is developed by Higher Logic, an industry leader in cloud-based engagement platforms. By using the CREWbiz Member Community and/or the CREWbiz app, you consent to policies and practices described in the Higher Logic privacy policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in the Higher Logic privacy policy, you should not use the CREWbiz Member Community or the CREWbiz app.
If you have questions about the CREWbiz Member Community and/or the CREWbiz app, or how your personally identifiable information is used or stored in those platforms, please contact CREW Network Web Content and Community Manager Megan Cottrell at (785) 856-8277.
Consent to Receive Mailings, Emails and Other Communications
If you provide CREW Network, CREW Network Foundation and chapters and affiliates with your postal address and/or email address online, you may receive periodic communications from CREW Network, CREW Network Foundation and chapters and affiliates of CREW Network.
At any time, you may use the unsubscribe option at the bottom of every CREW Network email. If you continue to receive emails from CREW Network after you have unsubscribed, please contact us.
EU and UK Residents
If you are a resident of the EU or UK, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective May 25, 2018, CREW Network must obtain your consent to stay in contact by postal mail or email, or other communications methods. If you are a member of CREW UK or other CREW Network global affiliate in the UK or EU, you may confirm your member communications preferences here.