https://cridoc.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – CRIDOC Malawi
Skip to content
CRIDOC Malawi
THE CHILD RIGHTS INFORMATION & DOCUMENTATION CENTRE
Home
About Us
Overview
Institutional Background
Legal Status
Institutional Structure
Projects & Activities
School Outreach Program
Documentation & Info Management
Capacity Building
Volunteer
Blog
Contact
Donate
CRIDOC Malawi
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you of the policies and procedures of Child Rights Information and Documentation Centre (“CRIDOC,” “we,” or “us”). We take the privacy and protection of your Personal Information (as defined below) very seriously.
We may collect Personal Information from you in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy when you visit websites operated by CRIDOC (the “Websites”).
Definitions
“Account” means an CRIDOC account.
“Anonymous Information” means information not associated with or linked
to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the
identification of individuals.
“ED Requests” means a request for an equivalency determination.
“Personal Information” means your contact information, including,
but not limited to, your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address
and any other non-public information that is associated with your contact
information.
“Services” means the services we offer through the Websites.
Visitor consent
By visiting our Websites and using
any of the Services available through the Websites, you expressly consent to
the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Information may be processed in the country where it was
collected as well as in countries where privacy laws may be less stringent. By
using the Services or submitting Personal Information through the Services, you
are expressly consenting to such processes. To the extent you provide Personal
Information about a named person or entity that is not a current user of our
Services, you represent that you have that person or entity’s consent to do so.
General security
CRIDOC takes commercially
reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial precautions to prevent the loss
and misuse of Personal Information under our control. No company or entity,
including CRIDOC, can fully eliminate the risks associated with gathering
Personal Information on our Websites (please see our Terms of Use for more information).
Personal information we collect
We collect the following Personal
Information that you voluntarily submit to us:
When you create an Account, we
collect your name, the username and password that you choose, the primary email
address you provide to us, and any other information you choose to affiliate
with your Account;
When you enter any information,
including Personal Information, into any posting or comments within the
Services, we will collect such information;
When you respond to one of our
surveys, we will collect any information contained in such survey responses;
When you leave us feedback or
request support, we will collect any information that is contained in your
feedback or support request; and
When you contact us by sending us
an email, we will collect your email address and any information contained in
the email you send us.
From time to time, CRIDOC receives
Personal Information about you via offline sources like telephone or fax. We
may use this in combination with information collected online in order to
improve the Services.
Data you submit about third parties
If you choose to refer a third-party
entity to us, you will provide information about such third party through the
Services, such as the third party’s name and email address. If the third party
registers with us, such third party will become a user of the Services and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If the third party
does not register for the Services, we may retain information about such third
party and will protect any Personal Information provided in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect via technology
When you access any part of our
Websites, our web server software automatically logs information provided by
your network connection and web browser software, including the Internet
Protocol (IP) address of your network connection and the type of web browser
and operating system that you are using. Our web server may also log the URL of
the file that you are requesting, the current date and time, and the URL of the
last web page requested by your web browser.
We may utilize cookies on our
Websites to store your login information and your personal preferences for the
Services. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your
browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete
them).
We may utilize Google Analytics, a
web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics
uses cookies to gather information relating to the usage of our websites. The
information generated by cookies (including IP addresses) is transmitted to and
stored on Google servers. This information may then be analyzed and compiled
into reports on website activity. Google may also transfer this information to
third parties where required to do so by law, or where said third parties
process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate any data
gathered from our Websites with any other data held by Google.
You have the option of disabling or
not accepting cookies by changing the preferences in your web browser. If you
opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to access our Websites, but you
may not be able to use certain features of the websites, including placing ED
Requests.
Use of information we collect
In general, we use Personal
Information you submit to us to provide the Services to you, respond to requests
you make, improve the Services, and offer you additional information,
opportunities, and functionality. We may also use your Personal Information to
provide you with updates about the Services. None of the Personal Information
we collect will be shared with third parties without your express
authorization.
If you provide feedback to us, we
may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not
associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any
information contained in such communication and will treat any Personal
Information included in such communication in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
We may create Anonymous Information
records from Personal Information by excluding information that makes the
Personal Information personally identifiable to you. We may use this Anonymous
Information to learn more about how visitors use our Websites, to analyze
trends, to administer the site, to track visitor movement, and to gather
general demographic information for reporting purposes.
Your choices regarding your personal information
CRIDOC regularly sends newsletters
and promotional communications to (a) let you know about new features or
changes to our Services, (b) offer you opportunities to participate in special
promotions, events, and surveys, and (c) notify you about services offered by
outside partner organizations. These emails will originate from CRIDOC. You may
choose to opt-out from receiving such communications by following the
unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication or by editing your
communication preferences in your Account.
You may also occasionally receive
administrative site and service announcement updates via email (such as, but
not limited to, notice that we have changed the Services or the Privacy Policy)
when we believe necessary. You may not opt-out from these announcements (which
are not promotional in nature), as they contain important information about
changes to our Services. If you do not wish to receive these announcements, you
have the option to cancel your organization’s CRIDOC membership or remove
yourself as a contact for your organization’s CRIDOC membership. You understand
that any such termination of your Account information may involve deletion of
your Personal Information from our live databases. We will not have any
liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your Account or related
deletion of your information.
Note that in some cases, you may
request that we delete your Personal Information, but we may be required (by
law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this
information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your request
only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete information that
we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active
databases but may remain in our archives.
How to change your information
If you would like to change any of
your Personal Information in your CRIDOC Account, you can use the “My account”
link from your CRIDOC homepage or you can send a request to change, correct, or
remove information to legal@cridoc.net.
If you believe that any of the
information contained in an organization record on CRIDOC is incorrect, you
should contact CRIDOC via email at legal@cridoc.net.
Disclosing information to third parties
We may share Anonymous Information
with our partners, sponsors, and donors. For example, we may share Anonymous
Information about individual organizations where it is necessary to secure
funding to ensure the continued availability of our services or to develop
outreach programs with our partners. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy
Policy, we do not disclose to or share your Personal Information with third
parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
We may share some or all of your
Personal Information with our partners and will require them to honor this
Privacy Policy when dealing with any Personal Information shared by CRIDOC.
Your choices regarding such sharing of information are set forth in the section
entitled “Your choices regarding your personal information.” If our
organization or all or a portion of our assets are acquired by another company,
your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You
acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of CRIDOC or
its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this
Privacy Policy. If such a transfer should occur, you will have the option to terminate
your CRIDOC membership. You otherwise consent to CRIDOC sharing your Personal
Information under the above circumstances.
We may (and you authorize us to)
disclose Personal Information we collect from you if we believe in good faith
that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to
respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us, (b) enforce any agreement we may
have entered into with you and to enforce the Privacy Policy, or (c) protect
and defend the rights or property of CRIDOC, other users of the Websites, or
third parties.
Links to outside websites
This Privacy Policy applies solely
to information collected through the Websites. Our Websites may contain links
to outside websites for your convenience, and such links do not signify our
endorsement of such websites or their contents. CRIDOC has no control over,
does not review and is not responsible for the privacy practices of or content
displayed on other websites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they
leave our Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every third
party website that collects information from you.
Regarding minors
The Websites are not designed for
minors under the age of 13. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information
about visitors who are under the age of 13.
Contact us
Child Rights Information & Documentation Centre (CRIDOC),Manobec Complex, Off Paul Kagame Road,Box 607, Lilongwe, MalawiTel: +265 (0) 881 160 345Email: info@cridoc.net
Privacy policy updates
This Privacy Policy is subject to
periodic occasional revision. If we make material changes to this Privacy
Policy, we will notify you through the Website or, if you have provided your
email address, by email. You agree that such amended Privacy Policy will be
effective thirty (30) days after being posted or sent to you, and your
continued access to the Websites or use of the Services after such time shall
constitute your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated March 2019.
About Us
CRIDOC’s aim is to provide tools that enhance information exchange, information documentation, & information dissemination related to rights of children and/or young people in Malawi.
Quick LinksHome
About Us
Legal Status
Donate
Volunteer
Contact Us
Copyright © 2019 CRIDOC | Child Rights Information & Documentation Centre (CRIDOC) is legally registered in Malawi under Charity Number R.G. 20754/1M/5.2005
Website hosting donated by First Web Foundation | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Child Protection Policy | WebMail