https://crosslink.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available from our menu on every page where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the CrossLink website. Throughout the site, you can register to use our Jobs Area, signup for newsletters, and purchase products. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: – Name – Address – Email Address – Phone Number – Credit/Debit Card InformationOn some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you sign-up as the Associate for your church, you have access to edit data about your church as well as address and email information about other staff members. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: – Name – Address – Phone Number – Email Address – PositionThe Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself or others only to provide online directory services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent that they may view them on our website. We use the information you provide when placing an order only to register your product and receive payment. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by registering as an Associate or by sending email requests to staff@crosslink.org. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at staff@crosslink.org.
Most Recent Ministry Opening Minister 310 8th Street, Pomeroy, WA VIEW ALL JOB OPENINGS QuicklinksCrossLink PublishingNew Harbor PressPrivacy Policy