https://cruiselawyers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy Policy for www.cruiselawyers.comThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Waks and Barnett, P.A. Law Firm relating to www.cruiselawyers.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWaks and Barnett, P.A. are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via contact form submission, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill legal services on your behalf.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the with changes related to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Also, you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information online. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.For privacy concerns related to this policy, please contact us via telephone at (800) 905-2891 or via mail Attn: Privacy Policy, 9900 SW 107th Ave # 101, Miami FL 33176.