https://csa.edu.au/about/ourteam/national-office/executive-officer-policy/
Home » About » Our Team » National Office » Director of Public PolicyMark SpencerDirector of Public PolicyEducationGraduate Diploma, Legal Studies2015-2016High Performance Leadership Programme2014Master’s Degree, Labour Relations and Law, General1996 – 1999Kuring-Gai, CAEBachelor’s Degree, Accounting and Computer Science1984 – 1987Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants1990 – PresentGraduate Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors2013 – PresentFellow of the Governance Institute of Australia2017 – PresentSummaryWith nearly thirty years professional experience serving Christian schools, Mark Spencer was appointed in a national policy role in 2010. Mark is responsible for advocacy on behalf of Christian schools in a wide range of educational policy as well as areas relating to religious freedom and equal opportunity and discrimination law, both at the Commonwealth and State or Territory level.Mark’s experience with Christian schooling began in 1990 when he commenced service with Christian Community Schools Limited (CCSL) – a predecessor organisation to CSA. In addition to his advocacy role Mark also provides initial advice to schools in all non-educational operations including funding, finance, governance, management, media management and industrial relations. Mark is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants after graduating with a Bachelor of Business degree with a major in accounting.  He went on to complete a Master of Labour Relations and Law degree in 1999 and a Graduate Diploma in Legal Studies with a High Distinction average in 2016.  Mark is also a Graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, having undertaken the Company Directors Course in 2013.  In 2014 he completed an executive education program at the Said Business School of the University of Oxford.  He was admitted as a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia in 2017. From 2009 – 2015 Mark was the Chairman of the Board of Christian Super having previously been a Trustee Director and Fund Secretary. He also has been Company Secretary of a number of organisations.  In addition, Mark has also served Christian school boards in a variety of roles and also serves his church board.  In his spare time, he has been involved in politics as a candidate, marginal seat campaign manager and party office holder. Mark is married to Melanie, a Christian teacher and school leader.  Mark and Melanie have three children, all of whom attended Christian schools.
Mark Spencer
Menu
This website uses cookies to improve your experience I Understand --- To learn about our Privacy Policy,Click HerePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ] WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close