http://csiahmadikuwait.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and ConditionsHome / Terms and Conditions
Welcome to St. Paul’s CSI Church Ahmadi Kuwait website.
This Terms, Condition and Privacy Policy is applicable to all the users and visitors to this website.
Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Directory Registration
Thank you for showing your interest in registering to our online directory. Prior to submitting your registration, please read the following terms and conditions.
The registration request submitted by the subscription members of St. Paul’s CSI Church Ahmadi will be accepted and approved.
St. Paul’s CSI Church Ahmadi Kuwait will not pass on your personal details to anybody else without your consent and authorization.
St. Paul’s CSI Ahmadi will have right to accept, deny, delete or disapprove any registration request or profile without providing or giving you with any reason.
The content of the online directory is only for general information and use within the CSI Ahmadi Church Ahmadi members and community only.
The terms and condition are subject to change without notice.