https://curo.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HypnosisHypnocoachMindScapingGastric BandBeam Therapy ™OldPain2GoEFTReikiReconnective HealingSpiritual HealingSkypeMP3’s/DownloadsIntuitiveLinksPrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last revised on 27th July, 2018.INTRODUCTIONCURO (also referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”) is a website that offers wellness and betterment via hypnotherapy. CURO understands that you are aware of and care about your personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Policy describes the CURO’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data, and which rights you have regarding them. CURO is the data controller for the personal data being processed by on https://curo.net.CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATAThe following categories of personal data are processed when using our services:  Name, e-mail, home address, telephone number, job title, credit card information etc.PURPOSE We use your information in order to:Complete orders you make on our website with your billing information.Create things that are relevant to you.Enable you find services and information quickly.Ensure that you don’t have to add information more than once, this makes the website easier for you to navigate through’Send you email about our products and services. CONSENTYou will be able to make use of our website even if you do not want to create an account/provide your personal information on our website; but your access will be limited.However, if you decide to create an account/provide your personal information, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services. You have the choice of selecting the option stating that you do not wish to receive messages about our other offers, products or services. You also have the option of closing/deleting your account on our website, once you do this you will no longer have unlimited access on the website. LEGITIMATE INTERESTCURO will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CURO or the site (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CURO and its family of Websites, and (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CURO its Websites, or the public.DATA STORAGE AND RETENTIONYour personal data is stored and processed for as long as it is necessary from the date of your registration, after that it will be deleted. Note that we might process your personal data for an extended period of time if it is necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation”LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITEThe links in this area will let you leave CURO site. The linked sites are not under the control of CURO and CURO is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in any linked site, or any changes or update to such sites. CURO is not responsible for any webcasting or any other form of transmission received from such linked site. CURO is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CURO of the site. USERS FROM OUTSIDE CANADAPlease note that if you are a user from outside the Canada, your information may be processed, stored and transferred in Canada where our central database is operated. There is a possibility that the data protection laws operating in Canada might not be as encompassing as those in your country, however, we assure you that we will take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.DATA SUBJECT RIGHTSOur website users have, with certain statutory exceptions, multiple rights with regard to CURO’S processing of personal data. Users have (1) the right to request access to their personal data and to find out how they are processed; (2) the right to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete information; (3) the right to delete personal data for data processed illegally where the lawful basis is consent; (4) the right to restrict personal data processing; (5) the right to transfer personal data in electronic format (data portability); (6) the right to object to personal data processing based on the legitimate interest of the CURO. Customers have the right at any time to withdraw a consent previously given regarding the CURO’s processing of users personal data. AGREEMENT AND LITIGATIONBy using Curo.net and our services you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use Curo.net. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, or any other agreement we have with you, will be governed by the laws of Canada. You also agree to arbitrate such disputes in Canada, and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.”CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICYAs our services and products change from time to time, this Privacy Policy is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy at Curo.net. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will e-mail users of material changes hereto, but you should check our site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern the use of this site.CONTACT DETAILS, COMPLAINTS AND QUESTIONSIf you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy you can contact us through our contact form. If you feel like your concern has not been resolved, you can also lodge a complaint with the concerned supervisory authority in your country.Address:CURO100 Granby Street, Toronto, ON, M5B 1J1, Canada.
Privacy Policy
Email *First Name *Last Name *PhoneSubmit
© 2018. Curo All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy