https://cusdi.org/privacy-policy/
Initiatives v Oligarchy
Toggle navigation
Menu
Summary
Problem
Solution
Solution Text
Initiatives Amendment
Constitution Orders
Assembly Rules
Campaign
Campaign
Pledge
State Initiatives
State Referendum
State Legislation
Social Media
Provide Feedback
Newsletter
Donate
Benefits
FAQs
Contents
About
Contact
Search for:
Search
NAVIGATION:
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email through our Contact Form.
At www.cusdi.org, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.cusdi.org and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.cusdi.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.cusdi.org does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Email Privacy Policy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system. We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please copy/paste that email with your comments and submit it through our Contact Form for review.