https://daytonhabitat.org/how-to-help/volunteer.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Leadership
Financials
Privacy Policy
Charity Navigator
Why Habitat is Needed
Contact Us
What We Do
What We Build
Critical Repair Program
Our Families
Videos About Our Mission
How to Help
Donate
Volunteer
Resiliency Fund
Ways to Give
Apply
Buy a Home
Tornado Repairs
Critical Repairs
News & Events
Ann Simms Memorial Women Build
Gala
Event Calendar
Photo Gallery
Newsroom Archives
Volunteer
How to Help
Donate
Volunteer
Resiliency Fund
Ways to Give
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I just show up?
Can I just show up?
In order to help us create an enjoyable volunteer experience, we request that every volunteer register online in advance. This will help our site supervisors and/or ReStore Staff to be better prepared with tools, materials, and projects for everyone
Do you accept Court-Ordered Community Service Workers?
Do you accept Court-Ordered Community Service Workers?
We are unable to accept Court-Ordered Community Service volunteers with violent, sexual, or theft charges. Court-Ordered Community Service volunteers through Montgomery County Probation and the City Of Dayton Probation may volunteer at the ReStore by contacting the Volunteer Services Coordinator at 937-586-0860 Ext. 129 or volunteer@daytonhabitat.org
Do you provide lunch/snacks?
Do you provide lunch/snacks?
Please bring your own packed lunch/snacks to the Build Site and ReStore. Bottled water is available on-site and at the ReStore. You are encouraged to bring your own refillable water bottle, labeled with your name on it.
Do you provide online safety training?
Do you provide online safety training?
Yes we do! You can view our online safety training offered by Lockton Insurance. Your volunteer access code is W8NAEBTG. Please view the second link Volunteering on a Habitat for Humanity Build Site.
How do I cancel my volunteer date?
How do I cancel my volunteer date?
You can log-in to Volunteer Hub and cancel your volunteer date or you may utilize the link provided in your confirmation email. *HabiTEAMS/Volunteer groups that wish to cancel their volunteer day should contact the Volunteer Services Director directly at 937-586-0860 ext. 129.
How do I sign up?
How do I sign up?
The first step to volunteer is to register through our online system, Volunteer Hub. Once you are registered, you can then sign-up online for our volunteer opportunities. If you are interested in volunteering as a group, please complete the HabiTEAM Form.
How old do I have to be to volunteer?
How old do I have to be to volunteer?
Ages 18+: May volunteer independently.Ages 16 & 17: May volunteer at the ReStore and at a build site in a limited capacity, i.e. not permitted to participate in roofing, demolition, the use of power tools, etc.Ages 14 & 15: May volunteer at ReStore and at a build site during landscaping and painting days which are often difficult to plan for in advance.
13 & Under: Per our liability insurance, we cannot accommodate minor volunteers under the age of 14 at our Build Sites or the ReStore. Off-site events or projects may be available. Please contact the Volunteer Services Coordinator at 937-586-0860 Ext. 129 or at volunteer@daytonhabitat.org.
Please refer to our Youth Involvement page for additional information about our Minor Volunteer Policy or contact the Volunteer Services Coordinator at 937-586-0860 Ext. 129 or at volunteer@daytonhabitat.org
What do I need to bring?
What do I need to bring?
No tools are necessary, but if you have them you are encouraged to bring basics, such as a hammer, nail apron, tape measure, utility knife and a pencil. Please clearly label all of your tools with your name. When required, we will provide work gloves, hard hats, and safety glasses. Cold, bottled water will be available, but you may wish to bring your own supply. It’s always a good idea to wear a hat and sunscreen when working outdoors.
What do I wear?
What do I wear?
Footwear needs to be sturdy, closed-toe and closed-heel. Boots or sneakers are both considered appropriate footwear. Wear clothes and shoes that you don’t mind getting dirty or muddy. Please prepare for the weather by checking the forecast before you arrive at the work site and please dress appropriately for the weather. If it is sunny, please bring a hat, sunscreen, and sunglasses. If it is raining, please bring a jacket, raincoat, and/or rain boots. If it is cold, please dress in layers along with a hat, gloves and warm socks.
What if someone is not comfortable building?
What if someone is not comfortable building?
There is a volunteer task(s) for everyone on-site. Please inform the Habitat site supervisor if you are not comfortable with your assigned volunteer task and they will assign you a task that you feel comfortable completing for the day.
What is my commitment?
What is my commitment?
The commitment is up to you! You may volunteer one time or as many times as you wish. You may come as a part of a group, and then decide that you would like to continue volunteering as an individual. We are delighted to work with you to fit your needs and schedule.
What kind of tasks will volunteers be doing?
What kind of tasks will volunteers be doing?
Tasks vary depending on the construction schedule and differ day-by-day.
Please contact the Volunteer Services Director at 937-586-0860 Ext. 129 or at volunteer@daytonhabitat.org if you have a specific question regarding volunteer tasks on-site.
What skills are required?
What skills are required?
No specific skills are needed, just a willingness to learn and a positive attitude. Habitat provides an experienced site supervisor on each build site who will provide a safety meeting, volunteer orientation, and guidance throughout the day.
What type of bathroom facilities are on-site?
What type of bathroom facilities are on-site?
We have Port-o-Johns at each build site.
What will happen when I arrive at the ReStore?
What will happen when I arrive at the ReStore?
A ReStore Staff Member will direct you to the Volunteer Sign-In Station and show you how to check-in on the ReStore Kiosk. Once you have your ReStore smock and name tag, a ReStore Staff Member will then provide a safety meeting and volunteer orientation where specific tasks will be assigned to each volunteer.
What will happen when I arrive at the site?
What will happen when I arrive at the site?
At the beginning of each workday, a Habitat site supervisor will begin the morning with a safety meeting and volunteer orientation. The site supervisor will then provide instructions and guidance throughout the day to complete the various building tasks.
Where can I get more information?
Where can I get more information?
For more information, please contact the Volunteer Services Director at 937-586-0860 Ext. 129 or at volunteer@daytonhabitat.org.
Where do I get the forms to be completed?
Where do I get the forms to be completed?
We utilize a fast and efficient online system called Volunteer Hub to register for events as well as complete Volunteer Information and Liability Waiver forms. When you create a Volunteer Hub Account, you will be prompted to agree to our Adult Liability Waiver online. Minors (under age 18) should print out the Minor Liability Waiver, have it signed by a parent/guardian, and return it to the Volunteer Services Director before their first volunteer event.
If you have any questions about Volunteer Hub, please contact the Volunteer Services Director at 937-586-0860 Ext. 29 or at volunteer@daytonhabitat.org.
Still have questions? Click here to get in contact with us.
COVID-19 UpdateHabitat for Humanity of Greater Dayton will welcome back volunteers to our build sites and ReStore beginning June 16, 2020. Our top priority has always been to keep you safe and healthy while you volunteer and with that in mind, we’ve made a few changes.
We ask that volunteers wear a face covering and maintain social distancing.
We are limiting the number of volunteers on build sites and at ReStore to help allow for social distancing.
All volunteers must complete a self-evaluation health survey before volunteering. The survey will be emailed to you before your scheduled shift.
If you have been exposed to COVID-19 or are experiencing symptoms please reschedule your volunteer day for after the recommended 14-day quarantine period.
Handwashing and/or sanitizing stations are available at the ReStore and on build sites but feel free to bring your own hand sanitizer as well. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation as we work to provide a fun and safe atmosphere for our volunteers and staff!
If you have any questions about these changes please click here to email our Volunteer Coordinator.
Everyone has been affected by this global health crisis and the accompanying economic shock. Consider a gift to our Resiliency Fund. We need your support now more than ever to help us serve local families and build back. Click here to donate today.
Click here to volunteer
Volunteer with us
Open your heart. Lend a hand.
Around the world, Habitat for Humanity volunteers, supporters and advocates are making a difference in the lives of thousands of families who deserve decent, affordable shelter. Whether you are swinging a hammer, advocating for affordable housing, or volunteering at our ReStore, local supporters play an integral role in revitalizing our communities.
Volunteers are the lifeblood of our organization. Consider donating your time to learn valuable skills, meet some incredible new people, and change the lives of local families forever.
Volunteer Sign Up
Ways to VolunteerBuild Site Volunteers
Our homes are built almost entirely by volunteers. You do not need to be a skilled construction worker to volunteer on our build sites. No matter your skill level, our Site Leaders are there to teach you everything you need to know to help us build homes for local families. All the equipment and safety gear is provided and no previous experience is necessary. We provide water, but you will need to make lunch arrangements. Please wear closed-toe and closed-heel shoes or boots and clothing you don't mind getting dirty or muddy. Our build sites are open to volunteers Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday  8:30 AM - 3:30 PM. Thursday 8:30 AM - 12:30 PM. For more information view our FAQs to the left.
ReStore Volunteers
ReStore volunteers assist with sales, inventory, cleaning and stocking the sales floor and warehouse, loading and unloading donated items, and customer service. Please wear closed-toe and closed-heel shoes or boots and clothing you don't mind getting dirty. Our ReStore needs 8-10 volunteers per day Tuesday through Friday 9:00 AM- 5:00 PM and Saturdays 9:00 AM- 3:00 PM.
Family Advocates
Family Advocates work directly with partner families through their journey to homeownership.  Some key responsibilities are building relationships with families, helping educate the families on responsible home ownership, mortgages and social services and supporting the family emotionally and spiritually. The commitment lasts from 18 to 24 months with about one hour a month of contact. Meeting times and locations are agreed upon by the Family Advocate and their partner family. As a Family Advocate, we match you with a family that is compatible with your location, time, schedule, and interests. Advocates are actively recruited year-round but may not be assigned a partner family immediately.
Committee Volunteers
Habitat for Humanity of Greater Dayton has several committees that help us in our efforts to provide safe and affordable housing to local families.
Click here to learn more about our committees
Team building opportunities
Are you looking for a fun and engaging team building activity with immediate, tangible results? Join us on-site or at the ReStore as a HabiTEAM today!  Corporate teams, church groups, sports teams, book clubs, school groups, fraternities/sororities, families, and friends are all welcome.
Habitat for Humanity of Greater Dayton’s HabiTEAM volunteer days are not your average team building activity.  HabiTEAM volunteer days provide your employees or team with a change of pace from the everyday while offering a hand-up, not a hand-out, to a local family seeking affordable homeownership.
Click here for HabiTEAM building information
Youth Volunteer Opportunities Habitat for Humanity of Greater Dayton appreciates all of our volunteers and we do our best to make sure everyone has an enjoyable and productive volunteer day at the ReStore and/or on-site at one of our Build Sites. The key to having a great volunteer experience is safety. Due to the hazards of construction work and hazards at the ReStore, there are some limitations and restrictions for any volunteer under the age of 18.
Youth Volunteer Information
BAC Logo
Facebook
Instagram
Powered by Firespring