https://dchabitat.org/about-us/privacy-policy-legal-notice/
Close About Us Our Team AmeriCorps Board Habitat Young Professionals Our Partners Newsroom Blog Media Coverage Press Releases Videos Annual Report & Financials Careers Get Involved Volunteer Advocate Events Habitat Young Professionals AmeriCorps Support Us Become a Sponsor Donate a Car In-Kind Donations Why Give Housing Programs Homeownership Home Repair Why Buy a Home Other Housing Resources Contact UsPrivacy Policy and Legal NoticeHabitat for Humanity of Washington, D.C., Inc. (“DC Habitat”) respects your privacy and preferences. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth the terms under which you share your information with DC Habitat and how DC Habitat collects and uses your information.This Privacy Policy applies when you make a donation, register for an event, or otherwise provide us with information via the DC Habitat website located at www.dchabitat.org, or in another manner, such as via telephone, email, regular mail, social media, texting, mobile applications, at a special event, in response to a solicitation, or face-to-face. Legal NoticeThis website was developed and is maintained by Habitat for Humanity of Washington, D.C. “Habitat for Humanity” is a registered service mark owned by Habitat for Humanity International and may not be used without permission. Personal Contact Information Collected; What DC Habitat Does with ItDC Habitat may request from you, or you may volunteer to provide, your contact information, including your name, mailing address, phone number(s), social media handles and email address(es). DC Habitat may, by way of example, use your contact information to: • Send you additional information about DC Habitat and its programs or events. • Process a donation or payment and provide you with a receipt or acknowledgment. • Clarify or obtain information about a donation or about information you requested. • Enroll you in programs, events or activities in which you elect to participate. • Manage your account and provide you with customer service. • Offer sweepstakes, contests, giveaways or other promotions. • Enforce the website terms of service. • Perform other functions as described at the time DC Habitat collects information.   DC Habitat is committed to respecting the privacy of donors and online visitors and pledges its best efforts to that end. It will not sell, trade, or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. If you make a donation or otherwise provide your information, DC Habitat may contact you from time to time about updates and opportunities to make additional donations. You always have the right to opt out of future communications from DC Habitat and/or our vendors, sponsors and service providers, either at the point of collection, as instructed in communications you receive, via the links below, or by contacting us by mail or email:   Habitat for Humanity of Washington, D.C. 2115 Ward Court NW, Suite 100 Washington, D.C. 20037Telephone: 202-882-4600 Email: help@dchabitat.org  Credit card and billing informationIn addition to your contact information, when you make a donation or purchase, DC Habitat asks for your billing address and credit card or other financial services information. DC Habitat has contracted the services of a banking partner to process credit card donations submitted online. Our banking partner’s secured server encrypts your credit card information so that it may be safely transmitted over the Web. Your credit card information will not be released by DC Habitat or its banking partner to any other party. Reprint InformationPermission generally is granted to reprint articles from this Web site for educational, non-commercial purposes. Please contact our office by phone or e-mail to request reprint permission. CookiesWhen you visit the website, DC Habitat may store some information on your computer or device as a “cookie” or similar file (i.e., a small piece of datum that stores information on your browser in your hard drive). DC Habitat may use cookies to gather broad demographic and traffic information, to help improve the design and functionality of the website. Cookies may also be used for “re-targeting” in advertising campaigns so that third-party vendors can display advertising to you about DC Habitat or other related entities as you use the internet. Links to Other SitesThis website may contain links to other sites that may collect your personal contact information. DC Habitat is not responsible for privacy practices and policies or content of these other sites. Social MediaYou may engage with DC Habitat through third-party social media sites, plug-ins, and applications, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. When doing so, you may allow DC Habitat to access certain information from your profile (e.g., name, email address, photo, gender, birthday, location, list of friends/contacts, whom you follow and or who follow you, your ‘likes,’ etc.). When you provide information to DC Habitat through an application, on the website, or on social networking platforms, it may be viewable by other users of these sites and, in such instances, DC Habitat is not responsible for, and cannot prevent, use of the information by third parties. Some applications, sites, and plug-ins allow you to control what data and information you share. For more information about how they treat your information, refer to their privacy policies, settings, and terms of use. Children’s Online PrivacyDC Habitat is pleased when young people visit the website of DC Habitat to learn more about the organization and the problem of poverty housing. DC Habitat does not knowingly market to children nor do we knowingly solicit data from children. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure your child’s privacy is well protected. Changes to the Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. DC Habitat will notify you about material changes in the way DC Habitat treats your information by posting a notice on the website or by contacting you directly. You will always have access to the most current policies regarding what information DC Habitat collects, how it’s used, with whom it may be shared, and what choices you have. Beginning Monday, March 16, our office will be closed with staff working remotely due to the current coronavirus situation. Read more here.SIGN UP, CHANGE LIVESJoin our mailing list to be the first to hear about volunteer opportunities, special events, our impact, and how you can make a difference right here in your community.
SIGN UP
You have Successfully Subscribed!