https://deanpaxton.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWho we are
Our website address is: https://deanpaxton.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We do not save your email address. We will never share it with a third party.
Cookies
We do not place cookies, but google and wordpress do. We use the google fonts subset, the reCAPTCHA v3 verification service, and we use wordpress.com for website statistics. Here is the wordpress privacy policy and the google privacy policy.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, data, and images) from other external websites. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These external websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We share your data with no one. Ever.
How long we retain your data
We do not retain your data.
What rights you have over your data
Since we do not retain your data, we cannot and do not need to remove it.
Where we send your data
We do not have your data to send to anyone
Your contact information
If you fill out a contact form on this site, we will retain your email address long enough to respond. We do not keep your contact information. We will verify that you are human and protect ourselves against spam and other types of automated abuse with reCAPTCHA v3.
How we protect your data
We protect your data by not collecting it at all
What data breach procedures we have in place
We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our site. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.
Our site is tested with several security providers and we comply with advanced security directives from the w3c, google, and mozilla.
What third parties we receive data from
None. Ever.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None. Ever.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We have no industry regulatory disclosures