https://democracywatch.ca/privacy/
Skip to content
MENU
Home
About
News
Campaigns
Reports
Search Archives
Language:
English
Français
Search
Please support democracy
Without your support, Democracy Watch can't win key changes to stop governments and big businesses from abusing their power and hurting you and your family. Please click here to support democracy now
Democracy Watch is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors. This policy describes how we will treat your personal information.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views;
information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any contribution you make to us;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us e.g. your email address and other personal information when you sign up;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters; and
any other information that you choose to send to us.
2. Do we use cookies?
The Democracy Watch website uses “cookies” to help personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page, so you do not need to re-enter your personal information.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available here.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Democracy Watch website.
3. How will we use your personal data?
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send statements and receipts to you, and collect payments from you;
send you general (non-marketing) communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send you communications e.g. news and events relating to Democracy Watch or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by email where you have specifically agreed to this, by email;
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user; and
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website. Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will not sell, rent or share your personal data with third party organizations.
4. Donations
Our website financial transactions are handled through the secure PayPal system, and the secure CanadaHelps.ca website. We will share information only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website. We do not store your financial or credit card details. You can read PayPal’s privacy policy on their website here and PayPal’s security policy on their website here, and you can read CanadaHelps.ca privacy policy on their website here.
We have a refund policy in case you make a donation in error. If you contact us within 7 days of making the donation we will return it to you within 40 days without charge. If we are unable to use your contribution for the purpose you specify, either because of oversubscription or for another unforeseen reason, it is our policy to use your contribution for campaign advertising, public relations, advocacy or organising activities related to the campaign that you donated to. When you make a donation not related to a specific campaign we will use our discretion to decide where those funds are allocated.
5. Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we will disclose information about you only when required to do so by law.
6. Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. You are responsible for keeping your user details confidential.
7. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.
8. Your rights
On receipt of proof of identity and a written request you may have a copy of any information that we hold about you. Please e-mail us and we will respond to your request within thirty days.
9. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
10. Unsubscribing
You may unsubscribe from Democracy Watch at any time by clicking here.
12. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email.
42666 Network Members
Join the DemocracyWatcher Network
First Name
Consent I give Democracy Watch permission to collect and use my data submitted in this form.Please give consent so we can send you our newsletter and action alerts!
Of course we will never give your details to third parties as defined in our privacy policy.
Last Name
Email Address
Postal Code
Join Now
NEWS
READ ALL NEWS