https://denveraudubon.org/privacy-policy/
Join our email list for program updates
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toProgram Updates (Field Trips, Classes, and More!) Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Denver Audubon. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Denver Audubon, 9308 S. Wadsworth Blvd., Littleton, CO, 80128, http://www.denveraudubon.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
SubscribeEventsJoinDonate
Education
Adult Adventures
Youth and Family Events
School Programs
Conservation
Conservation
Research
Research
Lois Webster Fund
Bird Banding
Explore
Birds Of Denver
I Found An Injured Bird
About Us
What We’re About
Staff and Board
Support Us
Nature Center
Annual Report
Volunteer & Job Opportunities
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is www.denveraudubon.org
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
This site uses forms to collect contact and other inquiry submissions. Submissions are kept indefinitely for customer service and or response purposes. Unless consent is expressly given at the bottom of each form, we do not use the information submitted for marketing purposes. This site uses Gravity forms. Their privacy policy can be viewed here: https://www.gravityforms.com/privacy/ Additionally, we use NeonCRM for event registrations and membership.  Their privacy policy can be viewed here: https://neonone.com/privacypolicy/
Opt-in forms
This site uses opt-in forms to collect your name and email for marketing purposes so we can notify you about related content, event announcements and organizational news. Submissions are kept indefinitely. If you submit an opt-in form on our site you will be opting in for us to save your name, email address and other relevant information. You can opt our or unsubscribe at any time in the future by clicking the unsubscribe link in the bottom of any email.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
We use anonymous cookies to prevent users from seeing the same popup repetitively in an attempt to make our users experience more pleasant while still delivering time sensitive messaging.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This site uses the Google Analytics to see how visitors find and use our website.
Who we share your data with
All personal information collected on contact or opt-in forms is shared with Constant Contact Email Marketing and their privacy policy can be viewed here: https://www.constantcontact.com/website/terms
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Subscriber information is retained in the local database indefinitely for analytic tracking purposes and for future export. Data will be exported or removed upon users request. Data is retained in Constant Contact until unsubscribed or deleted and will be removed upon users request.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, filled out a contact or opt-in form, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
Denver Auduboninfo@denveraudubon.org
X
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Accept and ContinuePrivacy policy