https://devonyoga.com/privacy-policy/#cookies
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Devon School of Yoga uses and protects any information that you give Devon School of Yoga when you use this website.
Devon School of Yoga is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Devon School of Yoga may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Anchor: cookies
Cookies
To make sure our website functions correctly we use cookies.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to your needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How to delete cookies
Please be aware that deleting cookies will impact on the functionality of our website
Our site will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Or you can visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains information on how to remove cookies from all the major browsers.
Cookies used within our website
This is a list of the cookies set by our website, and what each is used for.
Session hash – Used to authenticate users on the website
Google Analytics – Used to understand how users navigate through our website, the service is provided by Google Inc. We then use the information gathered to compile reports to improve the functionality and user experience of our website. All information collected is anonymous.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Inspirational Yoga About our SchoolGallery Foundation CourseTeacher Training PostgraduateWeekly ClassesWorkshopsDevon Yoga FestivalAutumn RetreatIndia RetreatContact Us