https://diligenceinc.com/about-diligence/privacy-policy-etc/
Diligence Incorporated – “The Place For Experts”
Legal Disclaimer
Diligence Incorporated presents consultants and experts from its own files or from special searches for use by attorneys and others. Information presented to users about potential consultants and experts is primarily based on information supplied by these individuals or companies and DI does not affirm or substantiate the validity and completeness of the information. Although DI does screen candidates based on the attorney’s requirements and desires, DI makes no assurance of the quality of work product or of the expert’s skill and ability. DI encourages the retaining party to exercise resonable care before engaging an expert. The employment of the consultant or expert rests with the attorney and/or engaging law firm unless otherwise specifically accepted and acknowledged by DI in writing.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Diligence Incorporated. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Diligence Incorporated collects, and the ways in which Diligence Incorporated uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Diligence Incorporated may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
Information about transactions carried out over this website
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and
Any other information that you send to Diligence Incorporated.
Usage of personal information
Diligence Incorporated may use your personal information to:
Administer this website;
Personalize the website for you;
Enable your access to and use of the website services;
Send to you products that you purchase;
Supply to you services that you purchase;
Send you statements and invoices;
Collect payments from you; and
Send you news and special offers pertaining only to Diligence Incorporated.
Where Diligence Incorporated discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Diligence Incorporated may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Diligence Incorporated will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Diligence Incorporated will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Updating this statement
Diligence Incorporated may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Diligence Incorporated is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Diligence Incorporated
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Diligence Incorporated’S treatment of your personal information, please write to:
by email to:
info@diligenceinc.com
or
by postal mail to:
4746 Cerrillos Drive
Woodland Hills, CA, 91364
Contact
info@diligenceinc.com
(818) 888-6748
Maps were disabled by the visitor on this site. Click to open the map in a new window.
BENEFITS • In-depth industry expertise - Seasoned senior professionals in industries as diverse as banking, manufacturing, and trucking who know the ins and outs.
• Extensive functional skills - From accounting to engineering to business valuations to information technology.
• Litigation services experience - We know how to "think legally", how to manage intense scrutiny, and how to guide a jury from the witness stand.
CONTACT 4746 Cerrillos DriveWoodland Hills, CA 91364
(818) 888-6748
info@diligenceinc.com
Categories Diligence Incorporated News
Expert Witnesses
Scroll to top