https://divorce.legalzoom.com/
Start your uncontested divorce online
Simple, affordable, private. Complete your documents easily, and at your convenience.
Protected by the LegalZoom Satisfaction Guarantee
Choose your state
Select your state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Ontario
Easy 3-step process
Determine your eligibility for our service
Complete the online divorce questionnaire at your convenience
Print completed forms & instructions for filing
How it works
Access your completed divorce forms after a short online questionnaire. There are no lengthy completion or delivery periods.
Your divorce documents are personalized to your state, children, income, assets, and any other factors involved with your case. Just follow the provided instructions, print, sign, and file with the court.
Choose your state
Select your state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Ontario
Commitment to our customers
Phone and email help available from our experienced document specialists
Access to legal advice from attorneys in your state
Up to date and accurate forms
Easy and fast process
Over 4 million customers have relied on LegalZoom for their personal and business legal needs.
×
Request a call back
Name
Email
Telephone number
When should we call you back?
From
9:00
10:00
11:00
12:00
13:00
14:00
15:00
16:00
17:00
18:00
19:00
20:00
To
9:00
10:00
11:00
12:00
13:00
14:00
15:00
16:00
17:00
18:00
19:00
20:00
Time Zone
HAST
AKST
PST
MST
CST
EST
AST
NST
OR
as soon as possible
Send
Thank you!
Your request has been successfully submitted.
We will call you back as you requested.
In the meantime, if you are wondering why use LegalZoom,
please check out our website
LegalZoom.
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
×
The LegalZoom Satisfaction Guarantee
In addition to certain guarantees provided by law, LegalZoom guarantees your
satisfaction with our
services and support. Because our company was created by experienced attorneys, we strive to be the
best
legal document service on the web. If you are not satisfied with our services, please contact us
immediately and we will correct the situation, provide a refund or offer credit that can be used for
future LegalZoom orders.
LegalZoom Satisfaction Guarantee Details:
If you're not satisfied, simply call us toll-free at
1-888-203-7652
during our normal
business hours.
All requests made under this guarantee must be made within 60 days of purchase. We will process your
request within 5 business days after we've received all of the documents and materials sent to you.
Unfortunately, we can't refund or credit any money paid to government entities, such as filing fees
or
taxes, or to other third parties with a role in processing your order. We also cannot refund any
money
paid by you directly to third parties, such as payments made by you directly to attorneys affiliated
with our legal plans or attorney-assisted products.
If you want to exchange the product you ordered for a different one, you must request
this exchange and
complete your replacement order within 60 days of purchase. The purchase price of the original item,
less any money paid to government entities, such as filing fees or taxes, or to other third parties
with
a role in processing your order, will be credited to your LegalZoom account. Any payments made
directly
by you to attorneys affiliated with our legal plans or attorney-assisted products are not eligible
for
exchange or credit. Any price difference between the original order and the replacement order or, if
a
replacement order is not completed within 60 days of purchase, the full original purchase price (in
each
case less any money paid to government entities or other third parties) will be credited to the
original
form of payment. If you paid for your original order by check, LegalZoom will mail a check for the
applicable amount to your billing address.
Please note that we cannot guarantee the results or outcome of your particular
procedure. For instance,
the government may reject a trademark application for legal reasons beyond the scope of LegalZoom's
service. In some cases, a government backlog can lead to long delays before your process is
complete.
Similarly, LegalZoom does not guarantee the results or outcomes of the services rendered by our
legal
plan attorneys or attorney-assisted products. Problems like these are beyond our control and are not
covered by this guarantee.
Since we're dedicating time and effort to your legal document preparation, our guarantee
only covers
satisfaction issues caused by LegalZoom - not changes to your situation or your state of mind.
La Garantía de Satisfacción de LegalZoom
Ademas de ciertas garantias contempladas por ley, LegalZoom garantiza su satisfaccion
con nuestros
servicios y asistencia tecnica. Dado que nuestra empresa fue creada por abogados experimentados, nos
esforzamos por ser el mejor servicio de documentacion legal en la web. Si usted no esta satisfecho
con
nuestros servicios, comuniquese con nosotros inmediatamente y corregiremos la situacion,
suministraremos
un rembolso u ofreceremos un credito que puede usarse para pedidos de LegalZoom en el futuro.
Detalles de la garantoa de satisfaccion de LegalZoom:
Si usted no esta satisfecho, simplemente llamenos a la linea gratuita
1-888-203-7652
durante nuestros
horarios comerciales ordinarios. Todas las solicitudes hechas en virtud de esta garantia deben
hacerse
dentro de 60 dias de su compra. Procesaremos su solicitud dentro de 5 dias habiles despues de que
hayamos recibido todos los documentos y materiales enviados a usted. Desafortunadamente, no podemos
rembolsar o abonar ningun dinero pagado a entidades gubernamentales, como por ejemplo cargos de
registro
o impuestos, o a otros terceros que cumplan una funcion en el procesamiento de su pedido. Tampoco
podemos rembolsar ningun dinero pagado por usted directamente a terceros, como por ejemplo pagos
hechos
por usted directamente a abogados afiliados con nuestros planes de asistencia juridica o productos
asistidos por abogados.
Si usted desea cambiar el producto que pidio por uno diferente, debe solicitar este
cambio y completar
su pedido de remplazo dentro de 60 dias de su compra. Se abonara a su cuenta de LegalZoom el precio
de
compra del articulo original, menos cualquier dinero pagado a entidades gubernamentales, como por
ejemplo honorarios de registro o impuestos, o a otros terceros que cumplan una funcion en el
procesamiento de su pedido. Todos los pagos que usted haga directamente a abogados afiliados con
nuestros planes de asistencia juridica o productos asistidos por abogados no son directamente
elegibles
para cambio o credito. Cualquier diferencia de precios entre el pedido original y el pedido de
reemplazo
o, si no se completa un pedido de reemplazo dentro de 60 dias de su compra, se acreditara el precio
de
compra original completo (en cada caso menos cualquier dinero pagado a entidades gubernamentales u
otros
terceros) a la forma de pago original. Si usted pago su pedido original por cheque, LegalZoom puede
enviar por correo un cheque por el monto correspondiente a su direccion de facturacion.
Recuerde que no podemos garantizar los resultados o la conclusion de su procedimiento
particular. Por
ejemplo, el gobierno puede rechazar una solicitud de marca comercial por motivos juridicos ajenos al
alcance del servicio de LegalZoom. En algunos casos, la acumulacion de pedidos gubernamentales puede
llevar a extensos retrasos antes de que se complete su proceso. De igual forma, LegalZoom no
garantiza
los resultados o las conclusiones de los servicios prestados por los abogados de nuestro plan de
asistencia juridica o nuestros productos asistidos por abogados. Este tipo de problemas son ajenos a
nuestro control y no estan cubiertos por esta garantia.
Dado que estamos dedicando tiempo y esfuerzo a la preparacion de sus documentos
juridicos, nuestra
garantia solo cubre problemas de satisfaccion ocasionados por LegalZoom, y no cubre cambios a su
condicion o su estado de animo.
Updated January 19, 2018
Close
Privacy Policy
×
At LegalZoom.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. All information provided for
the completion of your case online will be guarded according to the standards in effect at the time
the information is provided. Information will not be released for any commercial or other purpose.
Information provided will only be used as necessary for the administration and maintenance of this
site.
I. Security Measures Concerning Your Personal Information
While transmission of information over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we make
every effort to provide protection for the information that we collect about you. Our site uses
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology in the transmission of logon identification and passwords. SSL
technology provides advanced encryption tools that convert the information you input into code
before it is sent to us. This encryption helps protect you and the information in your account.
In addition to SSL technology:
-Your personal information is password-protected. It is our policy never to sell information about
our users to third parties without user permission. See "Use of Collected Information" below.
-Advanced firewall technologies protect our database from outsiders.
However, to avoid unauthorized use of your account by others, you must also take steps to control
your password. Further, this site contains various links to other Web sites. LegalZoom
is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. You should not assume that other sites
take similar steps in securing your information and should evaluate their privacy standards before
using their systems.
II. Collection of Information
When you register with LegalZoom.com, we ask that you provide your name and e-mail address.
In the course of your use of the site, we will request additional information from you that is
necessary to complete your document kit.
In the course of using our site, we automatically track certain information including your IP
address, what browser you are using, and the URL you just came from. We also collect information
about your use of our site in order to optimize our site usability.
We use cookie technology to assist users in navigating through our site more efficiently. Third party
affiliates may also set cookies on the site for the purpose of tracking leads. A cookie is a small
text file that resides on your hard drive. At various points on our site, our system will request
the cookie from your browser so that we can retrieve the stored information. The cookie may be
linked to a unique number that our system can read to determine your user ID and preferences. This
prevents you from repeatedly making the same selections. Knowing how you use the site enables us to
better tailor content and services to your needs. The cookie does not contain information that
others could use to personally identify you, and other Web sites cannot access the information we
store on your computer. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically
deleted at the end of a session. You must set your browser to accept cookies to be able to use our
site at this time.
III. Use of Collected Information
The primary reason that LegalZoom.com collects information from its users is to assist users
in preparing their legal documents.
LegalZoom.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We use your
information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze site usage, and
improve our site's content, offering, and layout. Your IP address may be used to help diagnose
problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to address security needs. Law Form Pro
may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site
information to third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal identifying
information.
We may use the information we collect to notify you about the status of your LegalZoom.com
account, important functionality changes to our Web site, new LegalZoom.com services, and
special offers we think you'll find valuable. We may also contact you to verify your information, or
ask you about your experiences with our system.
Except for communications that relate directly to the service being provided, you may "opt out" of
receiving communications from us. Communications needed for document preparation include (1)
confirmation of your registration, (2) notifications of errors that need to be corrected, and (3)
notifications regarding the status or completeness of your order. To opt out of non-required
communications, check the appropriate boxes when you register or at any time by logging into the
system and modifying your profile information.
When it is necessary to contact you, we will use your email address and (in some situations) your
mailing address, phone or fax number. Note: LegalZoom.com will not ask you for your
password if we contact you. Do not disclose your password if asked by a caller claiming to
represent LegalZoom.com.
IV. Consent and Changes to This Policy
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by LegalZoom.com.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of
what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If we make
any material changes to how we disclose personally identifiable information to others, we will
notify you by email and provide you at least ten (10) days to object to such disclosure and to
delete your registration.
Close
Terms of Use
×
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using the LegalZoom.com Inc., LegalZoom.com website (the "Site") or any LegalZoom applications or
application plug-ins ("Applications"), you agree to follow and be bound by these terms of use (the "Terms of
Use") and agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including United States export and
re-export control laws and regulations. In these Terms of Use, the words "you" and "your" refer to each
customer, Site visitor, or Application user, "we", "us" and "our" refer to LegalZoom.com Inc., and "Services"
refers to all services provided by us.
It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically. If at any time you find these Terms of
Use unacceptable or if you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site or any
Applications. We may revise these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. If you have any questions
about these Terms of Use, please contact our Customer Care Center.
YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SITE, ANY APPLICATIONS, AND THE SERVICES YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE AND YOU
ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO A CONTRACT.
These Terms require the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury
trials or class actions, and also limit the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
Please also refer to the LegalZoom.com Inc. Terms of Service
and Privacy Policy, each of which is incorporated herein by
reference.
LegalZoom.com Inc. provides an online divorce portal to give visitors a general understanding of the law that
pertains to divorce and to provide an automated software solution to individuals who choose to prepare their
own divorce documents. Customer need not download or even license LegalZoom.com Inc. software. LegalZoom.com Inc. hosts
its LegalZoom.com Inc. software as a backend service for customers when they create their own documents. The Site
includes general information on commonly encountered divorce issues. The LegalZoom.com Inc. Services also include
a review of your answers for completeness, spelling, and for internal consistency of names, addresses and
the like. At no time do we review your answers for legal sufficiency, draw legal conclusions, provide legal
advice, opinions or recommendations about your legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of
forms, or strategies, or apply the law to the facts of your particular situation. LegalZoom.com Inc. is not a law
firm and may not perform services performed by an attorney. LegalZoom.com Inc. and its Services are not
substitutes for the advice of an attorney.
LegalZoom.com Inc. strives to keep its legal documents accurate, current and up-to-date. However, because the law
changes rapidly, LegalZoom.com Inc. cannot guarantee that all of the information on the Site or Applications is
completely current. The law is different from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and may be subject to
interpretation by different courts. The law is a personal matter, and no general information or divorce tool
like the kind LegalZoom.com Inc. provides can fit every circumstance. Furthermore, the divorce information
contained on the Site and Applications is not legal advice and is not guaranteed to be correct, complete or
up-to-date. Therefore, if you need legal advice for your specific problem, or if your specific problem is
too complex to be addressed by our tools, you should consult a licensed attorney in your area.
From time to time, LegalZoom.com Inc. may perform certain attorney access services and introduce our visitors to
attorneys through various methods, including but not limited to (i) legal plans, (ii) third party attorney
directory listings, and (iii) third party limited scope agreements. At no time is an attorney-client
relationship fostered or created with LegalZoom.com Inc. through the performance of any such services.
This Site and Applications are not intended to create any attorney-client relationship, and your use of
LegalZoom.com Inc. does not and will not create an attorney-client relationship between you and LegalZoom.com Inc..
Instead, you are and will be representing yourself in any legal matter you undertake through LegalZoom.com Inc.'s
legal document service.
LegalZoom.com Inc. makes service available for the full use of the Services (each, a "Full Product,
state form preparation and related forms and associated support") to new customers who provide a valid
payment instrument, such as a credit card or other payment method. If you choose to start the process,
you will automatically join and pay for full services, completed forms and related customer care.
If you wish to use additional Services beyond those included one month access, you may be asked to
separately purchase those. Please visit our Pricing for additional details on our available monthly payment
options should you require additional access to our services and support or request document storage.
LegalZoom.com Inc. may automatically charge you at the end of the one month usage period
(and each month thereafter) unless you notify us that you want to cancel your access. You may cancel or access
discounts for extended month purchases.
To ensure uninterrupted service and to enable you to conveniently purchase additional products and services,
LegalZoom.com Inc. will store and update (e.g. upon expiration) your payment method on file. If we are unable
to charge your designated payment method for any reason, we reserve the right to automatically suspend your paid
membership until your designated payment method can be charged again. Please note that it is your responsibility to maintain current credit card information on file with
LegalZoom.com Inc.. You may cancel extended service fees at anytime by calling
1-888-203-7652
and pressing 1 for support.
1. Privacy Policy. LegalZoom.com Inc. respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your
personal information. A complete statement of LegalZoom.com Inc.'s current Privacy Policy can be found by
clicking here. LegalZoom.com Inc.'s Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
When you open an account to use or access certain portions of the Site, Applications, or the Services, you
must provide complete and accurate information as requested on the registration form and on the divorce
questionairre. You will also be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You may not use a third party's account, user name or
password at any time. You agree to notify LegalZoom.com Inc. immediately of any unauthorized use of your account,
user name or password. LegalZoom.com Inc. shall not be liable for any losses you incur as a result of someone
else's use of your account or password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for
any losses incurred by LegalZoom.com Inc., our affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents and
representatives due to someone else's use of your account or password.
In connection with the use of certain LegalZoom.com Inc. products or services, you may be asked to provide personal
information in a divorce questionnaire, application, form or similar document or service. This information
will be protected pursuant to our Privacy Policy. In addition, you grant LegalZoom.com Inc. a worldwide,
royalty-free, nonexclusive, and fully sub licensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, publish
and translate this personal information solely for the purpose of enabling your use of the applicable
service. You may revoke this license and terminate rights held by LegalZoom.com Inc. at any time by removing your
personal information from the applicable service.
2. Ownership. This Site and Applications are owned and operated by LegalZoom.com Inc.,
All right, title and
interest in and to the materials provided on this Site and Applications, including but not limited to
information, documents, logos, graphics, sounds and images (the "Materials") are owned either by LegalZoom.com Inc.
or by our respective third party authors, developers or vendors ("Third Party Providers"). Except as
otherwise expressly provided by LegalZoom.com Inc., none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, republished,
downloaded, uploaded, posted, displayed, transmitted or distributed in any way and nothing on this Site or
on any Applications shall be construed to confer any license under any of LegalZoom.com Inc.'s intellectual
property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. See the "Legal Contact Information" below if
you have any questions about obtaining such licenses. LegalZoom.com Inc. does not sell, license, lease or
otherwise provide any of the Materials other than those specifically identified as being provided by LegalZoom.com Inc..
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by LegalZoom.com Inc..
3. Limited Permission to Download. LegalZoom.com Inc. hereby grants you permission to download, view, copy and
print the Materials on any single, stand-alone computer (or, for Microsoft Agave users, one copy of the
Application on up to five devices affiliated with your Marketplace Windows Live ID account) solely for your
personal, informational, non-commercial use provided that (i) where provided, the copyright and trademark
notices appearing on any Materials not be altered or removed, (ii) the Materials are not used on any other
website or in a networked computer environment and (iii) the Materials are not modified in any way, except
for authorized editing of downloadable forms for personal use. This permission terminates automatically
without notice if you breach any of the terms or conditions of these Terms of Use. On any such termination,
you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials. Any unauthorized use of any Materials
contained on this Site or Applications may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and
publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
4. Links to Third Party Sites. This Site and Applications may contain links to websites controlled by parties
other than LegalZoom.com Inc. (each a "Third Party Site"). LegalZoom.com Inc. works with a number of partners and
affiliates whose sites are linked with LegalZoom.com Inc.. LegalZoom.com Inc. may also provide links to other citations
or resources with whom it is not affiliated. LegalZoom.com Inc. is not responsible for and does not endorse or
accept any responsibility for the availability, contents, products, services or use of any Third Party Site,
any website accessed from a Third Party Site or any changes or updates to such sites. LegalZoom.com Inc. makes no
guarantees about the content or quality of the products or services provided by such sites. LegalZoom.com Inc. is
not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Third Party Site. LegalZoom.com Inc.
is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply
endorsement by LegalZoom.com Inc. of the Third Party Site, nor does it imply that LegalZoom.com Inc. sponsors, is
affiliated or associated with, guarantees, or is legally authorized to use any trade name, registered
trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the links. You
acknowledge that you bear all risks associated with access to and use of content provided on a Third Party
Site and agree that LegalZoom.com Inc. is not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from
dealing with a third party. You should contact the site administrator for the applicable Third Party Site if
you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on any such Third Party Site.
5. Use of LegalZoom.com Inc. Legal Forms. On our Site, through our Applications, and through certain partners, we
offer self-help "fill in the blank" forms. If you buy a form from one of our partners, you will be directed
to that partner's website and their terms of use will control. If you buy or download a form on our Site or
Application, the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use control. You understand that your purchase,
download, and/or- use of a form document is neither legal advice nor the practice of law, and that each form
and any applicable instructions or guidance is not customized to your particular needs.
License to Use.
LegalZoom.com Inc. grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use our forms (the
"Forms") for your own personal, internal business use, or if you are an attorney or professional, for your
client. Except as otherwise provided, you acknowledge and agree that you have no right to modify, edit,
copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of
the Forms in any manner, except for modifications in filling out the Forms for your authorized use. You
shall not remove any copyright notice from any Form.
Resale of Forms Prohibited.
By ordering or downloading Forms, you agree that the Forms you purchase or download may only be used by you
for your personal or business use or used by you in connection with your client and may not be sold or
redistributed without the express written consent of LegalZoom.com Inc..
6. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully. It affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our Customer
Care Center at
1-888-203-7652.
In the unlikely event that the LegalZoom.com Inc. Customer Care Center is unable to
resolve your complaint to your satisfaction (or if LegalZoom.com Inc. has not been able to resolve a dispute it
has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding
arbitration or in small claims court rather than in a court of general jurisdiction. Arbitration is less
formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for
more limited discovery than a court does, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Any arbitration
under these Terms will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
permitted. While in some instances, upfront costs to file an arbitration claim may exceed similar costs to
bring a case in court, for any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, LegalZoom.com Inc. will pay all
costs of the arbitration. Moreover, in arbitration you may recover attorney's fees from LegalZoom.com Inc. to the
same extent or more as you would in court.
Under certain circumstances (as explained below), LegalZoom.com Inc. will pay you more than the amount of the
arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney (if any) his or her reasonable attorney's fees if the
arbitrator awards you an amount greater than what LegalZoom.com Inc. offered you to settle the dispute.
You may speak with independent counsel before using this Site or completing any purchase.
Arbitration Agreement:
(a) LegalZoom.com Inc. and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us before a single arbitrator.
The types of disputes and claims we agree to arbitrate are intended to be broadly interpreted. It applies,
without limitation, to:
claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract,
tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory;
claims that arose before these or any prior Terms (including, but not limited to, claims relating to
advertising);
claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of
a certified class and claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms.
For the purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, references to "LegalZoom.com Inc.," "you," and "us" include our
respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns,
as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or products under these Terms
or any prior agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. This
arbitration agreement does not preclude your bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local
agencies. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. You agree that, by
entering into these Terms, you and LegalZoom.com Inc. are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to
participate in a class action. These Terms evidence a transaction or website use in interstate commerce, and
thus the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. This
arbitration provision will survive termination of these Terms.
(b) A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send, by U.S. certified mail, a written Notice of
Dispute ("Notice") to the other party. A Notice to LegalZoom.com Inc. should be addressed to: Notice of Dispute,
General Counsel, LegalZoom.com Inc., ADDRESS_COMPANY DUMMY (the "Notice
Address"). The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (b) set forth the
specific relief sought ("Demand"). If LegalZoom.com Inc. and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim
within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or LegalZoom.com Inc. may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by LegalZoom.com Inc. or you shall not be
disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or
LegalZoom.com Inc. is entitled.
You may download or copy a form Notice from
www.legalzoom.com/arbitration-forms.pdf.
You may download or copy a form to initiate arbitration from the AAA website at
www.adr.org
(c) After LegalZoom.com Inc. receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will
promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $75,000.
(Currently, the filing fee for consumer-initiated arbitrations is $200, but this is subject to change by the
arbitration provider. If you are unable to pay this fee, LegalZoom.com Inc. will pay it directly after receiving a
written request at the Notice Address.) The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Dispute
Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, the "AAA
Rules") of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA"), as modified by these Terms, and will be
administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at
1-800-778-7879. (You may obtain information about the arbitration process directed to non-lawyers, including
information about providing notice to LegalZoom.com Inc., at
www.legalzoom.com/arbitration-information.pdf.)
The arbitrator is bound by these Terms. All
issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope, enforceability, and
interpretation of the arbitration provision and the scope, enforceability, and interpretation of paragraph
(f) are for the court to decide. Unless LegalZoom.com Inc. and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will
take place in the county (or parish) of your contact address. If your claim is for $10,000 or less, you may
choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the
arbitrator, by a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If you
choose to proceed either in person or by telephone, we may choose to respond only by telephone or
submission. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the AAA Rules will determine whether you have a right to a
hearing. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a
reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law on
which the award is based. The parties agree that in any arbitration of a dispute or claim, neither party
will rely for preclusive effect on any award or finding of fact or conclusion of law made in any other
arbitration of any dispute or claim to which LegalZoom.com Inc. was a party. Except as otherwise provided for
herein, LegalZoom.com Inc. will pay all AAA filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration
initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above. If, however, the arbitrator finds that either
the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper
purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment
of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In such case, you agree to reimburse LegalZoom.com Inc. for
all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. In
addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek relief valued at more than $75,000 (excluding
attorney’s fees and expenses), the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA rules.
(d) If, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an
award that is greater than the value of LegalZoom.com Inc.'s last written settlement offer made before an
arbitrator was selected, then LegalZoom.com Inc. will:
pay you either the amount of the award or $2,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater; and pay
your attorney, if any, the amount of attorney's fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness
fees and costs), that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim
in arbitration (the "attorney's payment").
If LegalZoom.com Inc. did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an arbitrator was selected, you
and your attorney will be entitled to receive the alternative payment and the attorney's fees, respectively,
if the arbitrator awards you any relief on the merits. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes
as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and the alternative payment and the attorney's fees
at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator's
ruling on the merits. In assessing whether an award that includes attorney’s fees or expenses is greater
than the value of LegalZoom.com Inc.’s last written settlement offer, the arbitrator shall include in his or her
calculations only the value of any attorney’s fees or expenses you reasonably incurred before LegalZoom.com Inc.’s
settlement offer .
(e) The right to attorney's fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (d) supplements any right to attorney's
fees and expenses you may have under applicable law. Thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under
applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount. However, you
may not recover duplicative awards of attorney's fees or costs. Although under some laws LegalZoom.com Inc. may
have a right to an award of attorney's fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration proceeding,
LegalZoom.com Inc. will not seek such an award.
(f) The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only
to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. YOU AND LegalZoom.com Inc.
AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITIES AND NOT AS
PLAINTIFFS OR CLASS MEMBERS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OR IN THE CAPACITY OF A
PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL. Further, unless both you and LegalZoom.com Inc. agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not
consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative
or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award any relief that a court could award that is individualized to
the claimant and would not affect other customers. Neither you nor we may seek non-individualized relief
that would affect other customers. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of
this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must
be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court.
(g) If the amount in dispute exceeds $75,000 or either party seeks any form of injunctive relief, either
party may appeal the award to a three-arbitrator panel administered by AAA by a written notice of appeal
within thirty (30) days from the date of entry of the written arbitration award. An award of injunctive
relief shall be stayed during any such appeal. The members of the three-arbitrator panel will be selected
according to AAA rules. The three-arbitrator panel will issue its decision within one hundred and twenty
(120) days of the date of the appealing party's notice of appeal. The decision of the three-arbitrator panel
shall be final and binding, subject to any right of judicial review that exists under the FAA.
(h) Notwithstanding any provision in the applicable Terms to the contrary, we agree that if we make any
future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to any notice address, website link or
telephone number provided herein), that change will not apply to any dispute of which we had written notice
on the effective date of the change. Moreover, if we seek to terminate this arbitration provision, any such
termination will not be effective until at least thirty (30) days after written notice of such termination
is provided to you, and shall not be effective as to disputes which arose prior to the date of
termination.
7. Additional Terms. Some LegalZoom.com Inc. Services may be subject to additional posted guidelines, rules or
terms of service ("Additional Terms") and your use of such Services will be conditioned on your agreement to
the Additional Terms. If there is any conflict between these Terms of Use and the Additional Terms, the
Additional Terms will control for that Service, unless the Additional Terms expressly state that these Terms
of Use will control.
8. Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content. At various locations on the Site or through
Applications, LegalZoom.com Inc. may permit visitors to post ratings, reviews, comments, and other content (the
"User Content"). Contributions to, access to and use of the User Content is subject to this paragraph and
the other terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
Rights and Responsibilities of LegalZoom.com Inc..
LegalZoom.com Inc. is not the publisher or author of the User Content. LegalZoom.com Inc. takes no responsibility and
assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Although we cannot make an absolute guarantee of system security, LegalZoom.com Inc. takes reasonable steps to
maintain security. If you have reason to believe system security has been breached, contact us by email for
help.
If LegalZoom.com Inc.'s technical staff finds that files or processes belonging to a member pose a threat to the
proper technical operation of the system or to the security of other members, LegalZoom.com Inc. reserves the
right to delete those files or to stop those processes. If the LegalZoom.com Inc. technical staff suspects a user
name is being used by someone who is not authorized by the proper user, LegalZoom.com Inc. may temporarily disable
that user's access in order to preserve system security. In all such cases, LegalZoom.com Inc. will contact the
member as soon as feasible.
LegalZoom.com Inc. has the right (but not the obligation), in our sole and absolute discretion, to edit, redact,
remove, re-categorize to a more appropriate location or otherwise change any User Content.
Rights and Responsibilities of LegalZoom.com Inc. Users or Other Posters of User Content.
You are legally and ethically responsible for any User Content - writings, files, pictures or any other work
- that you post or transmit using any LegalZoom.com Inc. service that allows interaction or dissemination of
information. In posting User Content, you agree that you will not submit any content:
that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes anyone’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of
publicity or privacy. Please see Compliance with Intellectual Property Laws below;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing
export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination, or false advertising). Please
see Compliance with Export Restrictions below;
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously
biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing, or advocates or encourages illegal
conduct harmful to any individual, partnership or corporation. Please see Inappropriate Content below;
that includes advertisements, spam, or content for which you were compensated or granted any consideration
by any third party;
that includes information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, or
other contact information;
that contains any computer virus, worms, or other potentially damaging computer programs or files;
that otherwise violates these Terms of Use.
Under United States federal law, you retain copyright on all works you create and post as User Content,
unless you choose specifically to renounce it. In posting a work as User Content, you authorize other
members who have access to that service to make personal and customary use of the work, including creating
links or reposting, but not otherwise to reproduce or disseminate it unless you give permission for such
dissemination.
You grant LegalZoom.com Inc. a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy,
modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sell, distribute,
and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium, or technology throughout the world without
compensation to you. You have the right to remove any of your works from User Content at any time.
You are not required to provide your real name when signing up as a user of LegalZoom.com Inc.. LegalZoom.com Inc.
permits anonymous or pseudonymous accounts. Any user may request that such member's email address be hidden
to provide for additional privacy.
Ratings and reviews will generally be posted in two to four business days.
By submitting your email address in connection with your rating and review, you agree that LegalZoom.com Inc. may
use your email address to contact you about the status of your review and other administrative purposes.
9. No warranty. The site, applications, and all materials, documents or forms provided on or through your use
of the site or applications are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, LegalZoom.com Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied,
including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title
and non-infringement.
LegalZoom.com Inc. makes no warranty that: (a) the site, applications, or the materials will meet your
requirements; (b) the site, applications, or the materials will be available on an uninterrupted, timely,
secure or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the site, applications, or
any materials offered through the site or applications, will be accurate or reliable; or (d) the quality of
any products, services, information or other material purchased or obtained by you through the site,
applications, or in reliance on the materials will meet your expectations.
Obtaining any materials through the use of the site or applications is done at your own discretion and at
your own risk. LegalZoom.com Inc. shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of
data that results from the download of any content, materials, information or software.
Notwithstanding the above, LegalZoom.com Inc. offers a 60 day satisfaction guarantee, the terms of which are
available here.
10. Limitation of liability and indemnification. Except as prohibited by law, you will hold LegalZoom.com Inc. and
its officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or
consequential damage, however it arises (including attorneys' fees and all related costs and expenses of
litigation and arbitration, or at trial or on appeal, if any, whether or not litigation or arbitration is
instituted), whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, or arising out of or in
connection with this agreement, including without limitation any claim for personal injury or property
damage, arising from this agreement and any violation by you of any federal, state, or local laws, statutes,
rules, or regulations, even if LegalZoom.com Inc. has been previously advised of the possibility of such damage.
Except as prohibited by law, if there is liability found on the part of LegalZoom.com Inc., it will be limited to
the amount paid for the products and/or services, and under no circumstances will there be consequential or
punitive damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of punitive, incidental or
consequential damages, so the prior limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
11. Unsolicited Submissions. Except as may be required in connection with your use of LegalZoom.com Inc. Services,
LegalZoom.com Inc. does not want you to submit confidential or proprietary information to us through this Site or
any Applications. All comments, feedback, information or material submitted to LegalZoom.com Inc. through or in
association with this Site shall be considered non-confidential and LegalZoom.com Inc.'s property. By providing
such submissions to LegalZoom.com Inc. you hereby assign to LegalZoom.com Inc., at no charge, all worldwide right, title
and interest in and to the submissions and any intellectual property rights associated therewith. LegalZoom.com Inc.
shall be free to use and/or disseminate such submissions on an unrestricted basis for any purpose. You
acknowledge that you are responsible for the submissions that you provide, including their legality,
reliability, appropriateness, originality and content.
12. Compliance with Intellectual Property Laws. When accessing LegalZoom.com Inc. or using the LegalZoom.com Inc. legal
document preparation Service, you agree to obey the law and you agree to respect the intellectual property
rights of others. Your use of the Service and the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws
regarding copyright, trademark and other intellectual property ownership. You agree not to upload, download,
display, perform, transmit or otherwise distribute any information or content in violation of any third
party's copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by
laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for
any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements of third party rights caused by any content
you provide or transmit or that is provided or transmitted using your LegalZoom.com Inc. user account.
LegalZoom.com Inc. has adopted a policy that provides for the immediate removal of any content, article or
materials that have infringed on the rights of LegalZoom.com Inc. or of a third party or that violate intellectual
property rights generally. LegalZoom.com Inc.'s policy is to remove such infringing content or materials and
investigate such allegations immediately.
Copyright Infringement:
Notice. LegalZoom.com Inc. has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of
copyright
infringement occurring on the Site or with the Service. The Company has adopted a policy that provides for
the immediate suspension and/or termination of any Site or Service user who is found to have infringed the
rights of the Company or of a third party, or otherwise violated any intellectual laws or regulations. The
Company's policy is to act expeditiously upon receipt of proper notification of claimed copyright
infringement to remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing content. If you have evidence, know, or
have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want the
Company to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide the Company with the
following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
(1) A physical or electronic
signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed;
(2) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple
copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of
such works at that site;
(3) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the
subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and
information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
(4) Information
reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if
available, email address;
(5) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the
manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
and (6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you
are authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The above written information must be sent to our registered Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agentc/o LegalZoom.com Inc., ADDRESS_COMPANY DUMMY
copyright@legalzoom.com
Counter-Notice. If you believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not
infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or
pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your Content, you may send a written counter-notice
containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
(1) Your physical or electronic signature;
(2) Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at
which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
(3) A statement that you have a good faith
belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the
Content;
(4) Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to
the jurisdiction of the federal court in Dover, WA, and a statement that you will accept service of
process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is
received by the Copyright Agent, the Company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original
complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10
business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content
provider, member or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14
business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at the Company's sole discretion.
13. Inappropriate Content. When accessing the Site, any Applications, or using LegalZoom.com Inc.'s
Services, you
agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit or otherwise distribute any content that:
(i) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive or threatening;
(b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or
otherwise violate any applicable
local, state, national or foreign law or regulation;
(c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services.
LegalZoom.com Inc. reserves the right to terminate or delete such material
from its servers. LegalZoom.com Inc. will cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or
agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
14. Compliance with Export Restrictions. You may not access, download, use or export the Site, Applications,
or the Materials in violation of United States export laws or regulations or in violation of any other
applicable laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of
any United States or foreign agency or authority and to assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to
export or re-export as may be required. You acknowledge and agree that the Materials are subject to the
United States Export Administration Laws and Regulations and agree that none of the Materials or any direct
product therefrom is being or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred or re-exported, directly or
indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals or used for any prohibited purpose.
15. Personal Use. The site is made available for your personal use on your own behalf.
16. Children. Minors are not eligible to use the Site or Applications and we ask that they do not submit any
personal information to us.
17. Governing Law; Venue. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to or use of the Site, an
Application, or Materials is governed by the Arbitration Agreement contained in paragraph 6 of these Terms
of Use. These Terms of Use expressly exclude and disclaim the terms of the U.N. Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods, which shall not apply to any transaction conducted through or otherwise
involving this Site or an Application.
18. Copyrights. All Site design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, Copyright ©,
LegalZoom.com Inc., ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
19. Trademarks. LegalZoom.com Inc., all images and text, and all page headers, custom graphics and
button icons are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of LegalZoom.com Inc.. All other trademarks, product
names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
20. Use of Testimonials and Media Endorsements. The media hosts on the Site endorse LegalZoom.com Inc. as paid
spokespeople in our advertising campaigns.
21. Inquiries. By using LegalZoom.com Inc.'s services or accessing the LegalZoom.com Inc. site or applications, you
acknowledge and accept that submitting your telephone number or email address to LegalZoom.com Inc. via the
LegalZoom.com Inc. site or applications constitutes an inquiry to LegalZoom.com Inc., and that LegalZoom.com Inc. MAY CONTACT
you at the number submitted or email address even if such number appears on any state or federal do not call
lists (taking into account inquiry exception time frames as appropriate).
22. Right to Refuse. You acknowledge that LegalZoom.com Inc. reserves the right to refuse service to anyone and to
cancel user access at any time.
23. Acknowledgement. BY USING LegalZoom.com Inc.'s services or accessing the
LegalZoom.com Inc. site or applications, you acknowledge that you have read these terms of use
and agree to be bound by them.
Close
In order to continue, please select a state.
×
USA
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Canadian Provinces
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Ontario