https://divorcefilers.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction: Divorcefilers.com has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our clients, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern Divorcefilers.com.This statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do – including protecting your privacy.Browsing: This website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information.Internet Protocol (IP) Address: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user’s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information about you.
Information We Collect: When we need to collect personally identifiable information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like us to prepare and file your matrimonial documentation with the Court system,  we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, etc. to process your matrimonial case. We will use your e-mail address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process the matrimonial case. As indicated below (see E-Mail section), we may also use your e-mail address to notify you about further information we may require from you or the status of your case.
Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information: When we ask you for credit card data when using our services, it is transferred over a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. We also use SSL on other select pages where you would enter personally identifiable information. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from http to https. After information reaches Divorcefilers.com it is stored on a secure server that resides behind firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside the Company.
E-Mail: It is our intention to only send you e-mail communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you begin a case and provide your e-mail address, we will occasionally contact you via e-mail and provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. These communications will relate to Divorcefilers.com offers and/or the promotions of select, reputable third parties with whom Divorcefilers.com has a strategic marketing relationship because they offer products or services that we believe would of interest to you. We use a third party e-mail service provider to send e-mails. This service provider is prohibited from using your e-mail address for any purpose other than to send Divorcefilers.com related e-mail. Every time you receive e-mail you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future e-mails by following the instructions provided in the e-mail, or you may opt-out by updating your online profile.
Divorcefilers.com Use of Information: We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company’s security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information.  Information collected on the sites covered by this privacy statement, which are listed in the first paragraph, is generally processed and stored in the United States.
The personally identifiable information you provide to us for filing your case is made available to the Court for the purpose of processing your matrimonial case. If you cancel your case, the information is stored for recordkeeping purposes only and is not accessed again. Divorcefilers.com may use the services of a third party mail house for the sole purpose of mailing materials.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties: Divorcefilers.com prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to unaffiliated third parties outside of Divorcefilers.com for their use without your approval.
Links to Other Sites: If you choose to leave this Divorcefilers.com site via links to other non-Divorcefilers.com websites, including those of advertisers, Divorcefilers.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor is Divorcefilers.com responsible for the cookies those sites use.
Legal Issues: This is a United States website and is subject to United States law. Divorcefilers.com will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Divorcefilers.com guests, visitors, associates, or property (including this site), or to others when entities performing business activities on Divorcefilers.com’s behalf necessitate such information (e.g., credit card processing or customer support services) or in the event that Divorcefilers.com is merged, acquired by or acquires another company. As mentioned above, laws related to personal identifiable information vary by country. For example, personally identifiable information collected in the European Union is subject to the EU Data Protection Directive.
Privacy Policy Effective Date: The privacy policy is in effect at the time of each visit to our site. Please check our privacy policy each time you visit our website if you are concerned about how your information will be used.
Divorcefilers.com. Privacy Statement Changes: In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for Divorcefilers.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
request feedback
Area of Concern
Contact by:
Phone
Email
*all fields are required.
Testimonials
My divorce was filed immediately and I obtained my final judgment in eight weeks. I saved hundreds of dollars and I am very happy.
M. Calderon, Queens, NY
Fast, Honest, Professional. I recommend their services strongly for uncontested divorces.
Roger D., Coney Island, New York
High class service, integrity, honesty and professionalism says it all!!!..
Thomas R., Staten Island, New York
The staff was amazing...They did so very much for an extremely low fee; They did EVERYTHING for me and I highly recommend their professional services!..
Anne Billingsly, Smithtown, New York
Follow Us:
facebook twitter in google blogger
Call Now(888) 224 - 6800
New York(212) 608 - 1630
Quick Links
Home
Mission Statement
About Us
BEGIN PROCESS NOW
Frequently Asked Questions
Cannot Locate Your Spouse?
Testimonials
Pricing
Check Status of Your Case (Available 40 Days After Filing)
Obtain Certified Divorce Copy
Obtaining an Apostile
IMMIGRATIONFILERS
Contact Us
Get Local Directions
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Follow us on Instagram