https://dixie.edu/terms-of-use/
DSUDixie State UniversityTerms of Use
Terms of Use
See Also:
Privacy Policy
DSU Policy 464: University Web Presence
DSU Policy 145: Use of Copyrighted Materials
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with, and be bound by, the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Dixie State University’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term ‘Dixie State University’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Dixie State University 225 South University Avenue, HCC 594, St. George, UT 84770. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, and a  use for which Dixie State University is not, and shall not be, liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
All trademarks reproduced on this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that Dixie State University endorses the website(s). The University has no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Dixie State University’s prior written consent.
Copyright Policy
This website and its content is the copyright of Dixie State University – © Dixie State University 2020. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited. You may not, except with the University’s express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
All text, images, logos and information contained on official Dixie State University websites are the intellectual property of the University unless otherwise registered and are protected under the U.S. Copyright Act., which gives the owner exclusive right to reproduce, distribute, perform, display, or license a given work.
Whether or not a website includes a statement about copyright, the U.S. Copyright Act provides protection for such works, and they may not be used or reproduced without permission. It is the responsibility of all parties storing materials on websites with Dixie State University domain addresses (dixie.edu) to ensure that such material does not violate other parties’ proprietary rights and does not otherwise violate law or applicable University policy. The University reserves the right to delete, or make inaccessible, files that contain material that is in violation of law or of applicable University policy. The University is not responsible for any errors in the material provided on the internet/Web and shall not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any material found on official University websites or on any other sites with Dixie State University domain addresses.
The design, pictures, and logos used on the University’s websites may not be copied and used or published by any other person or entity without authorization. This includes but is not limited to the University’s home page, all secondary web pages, news pages, and maps, etc. Links may be directed to these pages, but images, logos and maps may not be copied and/or published for any reason.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Dixie State University and while the University endeavors to keep the information up to date and correct, it makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will Dixie State University be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Dixie State University. The University has no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Dixie State University takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond the University’s control.
Additionally, the views and opinions expressed on individual or personal websites (including but not limited to faculty, staff, students, and student organizations) are strictly those of the authors, and may not represent the official views or opinions of Dixie State University.
Advertising Policy
Consistent with University and State of Utah policy on the appropriate use of University-owned equipment, the university’s web page must not be used for commercial, non-University-mission-related purposes. In practice, this means that advertising space cannot be sold at any level of the website.
“Advertising” refers to any situation in which the University or one of its units received payment or in-kind gifts in exchange for a link or brand placement on a University web page.
While advertising cannot be sold at any level, links to commercial vendors may be made in the following specific situations:
Licensed software required for web viewing – The logo or graphic represents licensed software on which a core function of the page is based (e.g. Netscape, Adobe Acrobat Reader, etc.).
Links to separately contracted vendor – The logo or link is to a vendor or other entity separately contracted to provide services to the University.
Sponsorship Recognition – Within a unit’s web page, a logo or link can be displayed at that unit’s second level page or below to acknowledge support of the unit’s mission-related activities through sponsorship. Such logos or links are deemed to be recognition of corporate or other external sponsorship; payment may not be accepted for that link or logo.
Educational purposes – The text link provides information for educational or other mission-related purposes and the University has received no consideration for incorporating that link.