https://dmfa.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Security
Thank you for being a part of the Direct Marketing Fundraisers Association. Rest assured that all transactions – including membership and event registration – through the DMFA website are safe. Credit card information is protected by a reputable security company, and numbers are never stored.
On our transaction pages, please make note of the domain name in your Web site address bar. The name there begins with “https,” which indicates that the page is encrypted. Encryption actually makes your membership payment more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store, restaurant, or any other place of business.
Domain Name
Our web server automatically recognizes but does not collect or use your domain name (IP address). We anonymously track your visit in order to compile statistical information about the use of our site. We do not collect individual information about you or your personal use of this site.
The Direct Marketing Fundraisers Association uses cookies, which are small amounts of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your hard drive, to see if you are a return user or to allow our online community to recognize you as an existing member. We do not use cookies to collect any personal information from your computer.
Email Addresses
If you would like to opt out of email communications at any time, just click the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of every DMFA email communication. You may also contact us at any time to be removed from our distribution list.
Other Personal Information
You are not required to provide any personal information on our website unless you choose to do so.
However, in order to process transactions online, certain information is required. We may include DMFA members and event registrants on lists for mail and email updates. You can unsubscribe from email communications using the link at the bottom of every DMFA email, or contact us so we can take you off of email or mail lists, or update your contact information.
We occasionally share information with a limited number of like-minded organizations including names, postal addresses, and e-mail addresses. We hope that you value the information they send you.
You may restrict sharing of your personal information by contacting us using the contact information at the end of this section. For example, you may request (a) that we no longer communicate with you regarding our programs, and/or (b) that we not share your information with other organizations. You may opt-out at any time, and the option to opt-out applies to both online and offline donors. Please include your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address in your opt-out request, and indicate how you would like your information restricted.
Our website has links to others whose privacy policies may differ from ours. The Direct Marketing Fundraisers Association is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites.
If you feel that your privacy has been violated, or that DMFA has misused your information in any way, please contact us.
info@dmfa.org | PO Box 51 Tenafly, NJ 07670 | 646-675-7314
Privacy Policy
Sponsorship
Sitemap
Contact
2018 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED - The Direct Marketing Fundraisers Association (DMFA). Website: Sharkey Advertising