https://dol-in.org/child-protection-policy
Bishop Doherty
Bishop's Office
Decrees from Bishop
Chair of USCCB Committee for the Protection of Children and Young People
USCCB Office of Child and Youth Protection
Joint Response to PA Grand Jury
Pastoral Response to Racism
Uniting in Heart
Shared Commitment
Vision
Process
Why, What, and How
3 Phases
Maps & Data
Priest Assignments
Frequently Asked Questions
Lexicon
Prayer
From the Bishop
Bulletin Announcements
Reflections
Articles from The Catholic Moment
Curriculum Vitae of Bishop Doherty
Coat of Arms
The Catholic Moment
Bishop Doherty's Columns
Archbishop McCarrick; the Pennsylvania Report
Role of Bishops, Archbishops and Cardinals Explained
In the news...
Pope Francis Prayer Intention for July 2018
Participation in Surveys
Amoris Laetitia, "The Joy of Love"
On Faith and Life, A Wrong Turn by the Senate
A Web Note on the Synod
Catholic Bishops' Poverty Pastoral Letter
Bishop Emeritus William L. Higi
Offices
A-E
Catechesis
@Home in Faith
Adult Faith Formation
Symposium
Religious Education
Approved Programs
Family Faith Formation
Diocesan Curriculum
Religion Curriculum Review
Special Needs
Homeschooling Guidelines
Home-Based Catechetical Resources
Art in Catechesis
Catechist Formation
Resources for Catechists
Parish Catechetical Leaders Meeting
New PCL Orientation
Missionary Discipleship Conference
Through Our Witness Awards
Catechetical Awards
National Conferences
Youth & Young Adult Ministry
Resources
Approved Programs
Guidelines for the Reception of the Sacraments
Handbooks
Marian Devotions
Monthly E-News
Resource Library
Contact
Catholic Schools
Communications
Diocesan Directory
The Catholic Moment
Subscribe to The Catholic Moment
Advertise with The Catholic Moment
Archives of The Catholic Moment
Featured Content
Catholic Women Playlist
Christmas Playlist
Featured Art from The Catholic Moment
Marian Playlist
Lent & Easter Reflections
Advent & Christmas Reflections
Divine Worship
About Us
Meeting for Directors & Coordinators of Liturgy & Music
LTP Parish Discount Program
Diocesan Liturgies
Chrism Mass
Rite of Election
Anniversary Mass
Red Mass
Liturgical Norms and Guidelines
Liturgical Guidelines
Mass with the Bishop
Liturgical Resources
Holy Thursday Mandatum
Low-Gluten Hosts
Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults
Rite of Election
Parish Resource Packet
RCIA Resources
Liturgical Formation Opportunities
Music Resources
2018 Day of Reflection for Liturgical Musicians
Music Planning Links by Publisher
Resources for Cantors
Copyright Information
Diocesan Liturgy Day
Uniting in Heart Prayers
Ecumenical & Interreligious
Ecumenical Events
Christian Unity in Action
Features in the Catholic Moment
Catholic Documents on Ecumenism
Catholic Organizations and Newsletters
El Ministerio Hispano
Misas en Español
Momentos Matrimoniales y Pautas Para Padres
Política para la protección de niños(Español)
Cómo denunciar un incidente de abuso sexual
Hispanic Ministry Day of Reflection
Evangelization, Family Life, and Pastoral Ministries
Evangelization
Evangelization Services
Evangelization Resources
5 Parish Evangelization Tips
F-M
Family Life
Family Life Events
Family Life Blog
Marriage Preparation
Natural Family Planning
Sympto-Thermal Method
Creighton Model FertilityCare System
Pro-life
Family Life Resources
Online Marriage Resources
Finance and Administration
Accountability Report
Forms
Insurance
Staff Information
Human Resources
Diocesan Employee Handbook 2016
Employment Opportunities
Diocesan Positions
Education Positions
Parish Positions
Employment Application
Forms
Insurance
Marriage Tribunal
Forms
FAQ
Further Reading
N-Z
Permanent Diaconate
Permanent Diaconate Information
Staff
Vocation Information
Stewardship and Development
Catholic Ministries Appeal
Seminarian Fund Appeal
Giving Societies
Annuities & Planned Giving
LDFI Endowments
Resources: Loaves+Fishes
Give Now
Vicar General
Marriage
Clerics
Safe Environment Resources
Parish Offices
Vocations
Youth & Young Adult Ministry
Encounter Middle School Event
NCYC
Campus Ministry
About
Parishes
All Staff
Priests
Retired Priests
Deceased Clergy
Diocesan Staff
Permanent Deacons
Religious Brothers and Women Religious
Seminarians & Transitional Deacons
Uniting in Heart
Faith In Action
Committees and Councils
Upcoming Events
Links
Forms
Priest Time Away
Diocesan Security & Privacy Policy
Saint Joseph Retreat & Conference Center
Protecting God's Children
Report an Incident of Sexual Abuse
Sexual Misconduct Reports
Online Safe Environment Training
Capacitación en linea de Ambiente Seguro
Diocesan Code of Conduct
Child Protection & Background Check Policies
Child Protection Policy
Background Check Policy
Primer on Recent News Accounts of the Abuse of Minors
News Events, August 2018-Present
Definitions
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Promise to Protect; Pledge to Heal
Key Milestones in Creating Safe Environments
Ten Tips for Protecting Children and Offering Outreach to Victims/Survivors
USCCB Charter Implementation Videos
Protecting God's Children Resources
Schools
Office of Catholic Schools
School Finder
Contact the Schools Office
How Do I
Find Times for Mass and Reconciliation
Make a Gift
Find a School and Enroll My Child
Report an Incident of Sexual Abuse
Report Ethical Misconduct
Register for Pre-Cana and Get Married
View the Diocesan Marriage Policy
Join the Church
Attend or Plan a Retreat
Become a Priest
Become a Permanent Deacon
Start Annulment Process
Seek Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
News
Response to Current News Events
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates
Catholic News
Indiana Catholic Conference
Election Guidelines
Child Protection Policy
Protecting God's Children
Report an Incident of Sexual Abuse
Sexual Misconduct Reports
Online Safe Environment Training
Diocesan Code of Conduct
Child Protection & Background Check Policies
Child Protection Policy
Background Check Policy
Primer on Recent News Accounts of the Abuse of Minors
Promise to Protect; Pledge to Heal
USCCB Charter Implementation Videos
Protecting God's Children Resources
Doris May, Victim Assistance Minister and Head of Pastoral Response Team-  This number is to be used within Indiana to report concerns regarding abuse, sexual or otherwise, by Church personnel. This number provides pastoral outreach to victims/survivors of child sexual abuse.  (765) 464-4988
Child Protection Policy
Promulgated May 8, 2003 Revised December, 2010 Revised November, 2011 Revised June 29, 2014 Revised June 29, 2015 Revised January 3, 2019
Section 1 Mandate to Report Under Indiana State Law
Indiana Law requires that any individual who has reason to believe that a child is a victim of child abuse or neglect must report immediately to: 1) the local Child Protective Service, or 2) a local Law Enforcement Agency. It is a criminal offense not to make such a report. The reporting person is given immunity for making the report.
Child abuse under the law includes the following, among other situations:
Failure by a parent, guardian or custodian to provide a child necessary food, shelter or medical care so as to cause his/her physical or mental condition to be seriously impaired;
Physical injury by a parent, guardian or custodian, endangering the child’s physical or mental health;
Where the child is a victim of a sex offense committed by any person (i.e., sexual abuse); and/or,
Allowing a child to endanger his/her own health or the health of another.
In addition, it is important to note that the incident reporting threshold is good-faith suspicion. The person with the most firsthand knowledge of the suspected abuse is the one who is to report the incident, making sure that the appropriate staff of diocesan associated entities are made aware of the situation.
The reporting law applies to all persons without exception.
Section 2
Sexual Abuse Protocol for Clergy
Because children are one of our greatest treasures, the Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana (hereafter, the Diocese) established policies and procedures on October 25, 1989, to assure the protection of minors entrusted to our care and to fulfill the mission and ministry of the Church. They have been revised on an ongoing basis and what is contained herein is written in the same spirit.
These policies and procedures are formulated to be fair and responsive to the pastoral needs of all those they address. Their purpose is to facilitate cooperation with civil and diocesan authorities responsible for investigating allegations of sexual misconduct, with due care for the good name of all the alleged victims or accused. (
Essential Norms #13)
2003.1 Policy: The Diocese shall provide sufficient funding, qualified personnel and facilities to assure the effective implementation of the programs established by these protocols. These protocols shall be reviewed regularly (at least every two (2) years) by the Diocesan Review Board (hereafter, DRB), which will make recommendations for amendments to the Diocesan Bishop.
2003.2 Policy: The Diocese shall offer appropriate assistance to those who may be affected by the alleged sexual misconduct of a priest or deacon with a minor. A Victims’ Assistance Minister shall be designated to offer pastoral care to the victim, the victim’s family or other persons affected.
2003.3 Policy: The Diocese shall develop and maintain “safe environment” programs. These programs shall promote understanding and healing. The Diocese will cooperate with parents, civil authorities, educators and community organizations to provide programs to those who minister to or are part of any Church environment in which minors are present.
2003.4 Policy: The Diocese shall evaluate the background of personnel who have regular contact with minors. Specifically, it will utilize the resources of law enforcement and other community agencies. In particular, the Diocese shall employ adequate screening and evaluative techniques in deciding the fitness for ordination for all candidates to Orders within the Church (See: “Program for Priestly Formation,” USCCB, 2006, n.42-67 and the USCCB Charter, art. 13.)
2003.5 Policy: All persons associated with the Diocese are expected to cooperate with the civil authorities, comply with legally established reporting requirements and otherwise conduct themselves as good citizens. This requires all such persons to comply fully with the letter and spirit of these protocols and procedures. This likewise requires that whenever such individuals become aware of a priest or deacon’s misconduct with a minor, they are to make this
immediately known to the appropriate civil authorities and the office of the Vicar General or Conduct in Ministry Officer, unless Canon Law prohibits them (i.e., the knowledge is revealed within the Sacrament of Reconciliation). All are expected to cooperate with these procedures in a manner consistent with their particular status within the Diocese. All persons of good will are asked to relate to these procedures with understanding and sensitivity to their purpose and goal.
The offense of sexual abuse of a minor will be understood in accord with the provisions of
Sacramentorum sanctitatis tutela (SST), article 6, as modified by the Circular Letter from the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith dated May 3, 2011, which provides that the more grave delicts against morals which are reserved to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are:
1° the delict against the sixth commandment of the Decalogue committed by a cleric with a minor below the age of eighteen years; in this case, a person who habitually lacks the use of reason is to be considered equivalent to a minor.
2° the acquisition, possession, or distribution by a cleric of pornographic images of minors under the age of eighteen, for purposes of sexual gratification, by whatever means or using whatever technology;
A priest or deacon who commits the delicts mentioned above is to be punished according to the gravity of his crime, not excluding dismissal or deposition.
The Diocesan Review Board
2003.6 The DRB is established in accordance with the “Essential Norms of Diocesan/Eparchial Policies Dealing with Allegations of Sexual Abuse of Minors by Priests or Deacons” as approved by the Conference of Catholic Bishops in November 2002 and as revised in June of 2015.
2003.7 The provisions of Norms 4, 5 and 6 of that document cite the functions that the Board undertakes, as a consultative body to the Diocesan Bishop. They include:
Advising the Diocesan Bishop in his assessment of allegations of sexual abuse of minors and in his determination of suitability for ministry;
Reviewing diocesan policies for dealing with sexual abuse of minors; and,
Offering advice on all aspects of these cases, whether retrospectively or prospectively.
2003.8 The DRB shall be composed of at least five (5) persons of outstanding integrity and good judgment as chosen by the Bishop. The majority of DRB members shall be laypersons not in the employment of the Diocese. At least one member shall be a respected pastor of the Diocese and
at least one other member shall be an individual with particular expertise in the treatment of child abuse of minors, particularly sexual abuse. These members shall be appointed for a period of five
(5) years, which may be renewed at the discretion of the Bishop. It is desirable that the diocesan Promoter of Justice participates in the meetings of the DRB.
2003.9 When an allegation of sexual abuse or boundary violation (
Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People #6) of a minor by a priest or deacon is received, local authorities should be notified and no further internal investigation should take place until the criminal investigation is complete. All appropriate steps shall be taken to protect the privacy of the accuser and the reputation of the accused. When the alleged victim is a minor, the appropriate civil authorities are notified immediately by the person with the most firsthand knowledge of the suspected abuse.
2003.10 If the preliminary investigation establishes that an incident of abuse is credible, i.e., an allegation worthy of belief, having informed the proper civil authorities, the Diocese will confront the priest or deacon. The accused will be encouraged to retain the assistance of civil and canonical counsel when applicable, at his own expense.
2003.11 The alleged perpetrator will be relieved of his assignment in the Diocese and required to obtain an appropriate psychological evaluation at a facility acceptable to the Diocese, if the preliminary investigation of canon 1717 establishes that an incident of abuse is credible, i.e., an allegation worthy of belief. All resulting information will be submitted to the Diocesan Review Board for consideration.
2003.12 When there is credible evidence that child abuse has occurred, i.e., an allegation worthy of belief, the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith shall be immediately notified. The canonical measures mentioned in canons 1722 and the following shall be implemented at once. That is, to remove the accused from the sacred ministry or from ecclesiastical office or function; to impose or prohibit residence in a given place or territory; and, to prohibit public participation in the Most Holy Eucharist pending the outcome of the process.
2003.13 The chairperson of the DRB will convene its members after an allegation has been received and the preliminary investigation of canon 1717 has occurred. It will be the responsibility of the DRB to examine the results of the investigation.
2003.14 A complete written record shall be presented to the DRB of the allegation(s) against the priest or deacon. A detailed summary of interviews with the alleged victim(s) and perpetrator shall be given in writing. Any pertinent information from the diocesan personnel file of the priest or deacon will also be shared with the DRB. The priest or deacon and his advocate will be informed of the material that will be presented to the DRB. The priest or deacon and/or the alleged victim(s) may choose to make a brief presentation in person or in writing to the DRB prior to its deliberations.
2003.15 The DRB shall answer two basic questions:
Do the allegations conform to the definition of child abuse or boundary violation, (Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People #6), of a minor as outlined in the “Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People”?
Are the allegations credible, i.e., an allegation worthy of belief?
2003.16 The DRB is authorized to further investigate the allegation, interview the alleged victim(s) only if the claim is unfounded by a criminal investigation, further interview the alleged perpetrator or call other witnesses as it deems necessary and appropriate in each particular case.
2003.17 If the DRB judges an accusation to be credible, i.e., an allegation worthy of belief, the board will make a recommendation to the Bishop on the suitability of the cleric for future ministry in the Church. The accused shall be immediately informed of the results of the DRB investigation
.
2003.18 The Vicar General of the Diocese will present the recommendation(s) of the DRB to the Bishop and the accused.
2003.19 The deliberations of the DRB are strictly confidential and no detailed minutes will be taken or maintained. Summary notes indicating the purpose of the meeting, the individuals in attendance, the decisions made, and the next steps recommended will be recorded and retained in the office of the Vicar General. All documents given to the DRB will be collected at the conclusion of each meeting and returned to the Vicar General.
2003.20 When even a single act of sexual abuse by a priest or deacon is admitted or is established after an appropriate process in accord with canon law, the offending priest or deacon will be removed permanently from ecclesiastical ministry, not excluding dismissal from the clerical state, if the case so warrants.
Section 3 Sexual Abuse Protocol for Religious, Lay Employees and Volunteers
The Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana is committed to clear and well-publicized standards of ministerial behavior and appropriate boundaries for Church personnel (employees and volunteers) in positions of trust who have regular contact with minor children. A minor is defined as a person who has not yet reached his/her eighteenth (18th) birthday, (canon 97 of the
1983 Code of Canon Law,) or an adult who is considered to be vulnerable and habitually lacks the use of reason.
Sexual abuse of a minor includes sexual molestation or sexual exploitation and other behavior by which an adult uses a minor as an object of sexual gratification. The transgressions in question relate to obligations arising from divine commands regarding human sexual interaction as conveyed by the sixth commandment of the Decalogue. The norm to be considered in assessing an allegation of sexual abuse of a minor is whether conduct or interaction with a minor qualifies as an external, objectively grave violation of the sixth commandment.
To protect minors from sexual abuse, the following measures are taken:
All employees and volunteers affiliated with the Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana are adequately screened prior to beginning their duties. This includes reference checks and a thorough Criminal Background Check. If the Criminal Background Check shows a criminal conviction, it will be reviewed by the Safe Environment Coordinator, who will consult the Vicar General when necessary. Once hired or approved to volunteer in the diocese, an additional Criminal Background Check is required every three (3) years.
All employees and volunteers affiliated with the Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana are required to participate in Safe Conduct Protocol Training. Once hired or approved to volunteer in the diocese, additional Safe Conduct Protocol Training is required every three (3) years; and,
The reporting requirements of the State of Indiana in regard to suspected sexual abuse will be followed.
When allegations are raised that an employee or volunteer of the Diocese is accused of sexual abuse, the diocesan procedure is as follows:
The person with the most firsthand knowledge of the suspected abuse will immediately report the incident, founded on good-faith suspicion, to the appropriate civil authorities in accord with the reporting requirements of the State of Indiana;
The Bishop’s Office will be notified immediately of the accusation;
The Vicar General and/or designate of the Bishop will meet with the person or persons raising the allegation. A written statement relating all the known facts will be prepared;
The Vicar General and/or designate of the Bishop will meet with the parents or guardians of the minor.
Arrangements will be made by the Diocese to work with the minor and family in question, offering assistance needed for the adequate care of the minor. Assistance for the parents and other family members of a minor who is alleged to have been sexually abused will also be provided; and,
The Vicar General and/or designate of the Bishop will meet with the accused employee or volunteer in question. Should the accused admit that the allegation of sexual abuse is true, the following action will be taken:
The individual’s employment or volunteer work with the Diocese will be immediately terminated;
The Diocese will encourage the individual to seek appropriate treatment.
The diocesan attorney will be consulted as needed throughout the process.
Should the accused deny the allegation, which is worthy of belief, the following action will be taken:
The accused will be required to take an immediate leave of absence;
The accused will remain on leave of absence until a determination has been made regarding the credibility of the allegation;
Should the accused be found guilty, the individual’s employment or volunteer work with the Diocese will be immediately terminated, and the Diocese will encourage the individual to seek appropriate treatment;
Should the accused be found not guilty, the individual will be returned to active employment or volunteer work and lost pay reimbursed.(Do we want to revise “not guilty”?)
Care will always be taken to protect the rights of all parties involved, particularly those of the person claiming to have been sexually abused and of the person against whom the charge has been made. When an accusation has proved to be unfounded, every step possible will be taken to restore the good name of the accused individual.
Section 4 Sexual Abuse Protocol Training
Purpose and Objective The Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana is committed to preventing sexual abuse before it occurs and identifying sexual abuse once it has occurred. By raising the awareness and understanding of sexual abuse, the goal is to minimize the risks to child safety.
Personnel & Volunteers The following personnel and volunteers are required to participate in a Sexual Abuse Protocol Training:
Priests, deacons and members of religious communities;
All diocesan and parish staff;
Principals, assistant principals, teachers, guidance counselors, librarians, all volunteers who have regular contact with children and staff at all levels. This includes aides, janitors, food service workers, school nurses and office personnel of all Catholic elementary, middle and high schools;
Directors, catechists and staff of religious education programs;
Diocesan personnel providing child care services;
Youth ministers, directors and coaches of children’s activities (e.g., athletics, Scout troops, choirs, Bible schools, camp instructors, club sponsors, youth groups, etc.) and similar diocesan personnel who provide such services; and
Adults assisting or supporting team, school or parish related-activities and recreational events on and off campus (e.g., drivers, parents hosting major celebrations (e.g., annual team or class party), chaperones, Bible school volunteers etc.).
Educational Curriculum Sexual Abuse Protocol Training includes, but is not limited to the following subjects:
Appropriate boundaries and established prohibitions in ministry;
Nature of the sexual abuse problem;
Signs and symptoms of sexual abuse in minors;
Laws, policies and procedures to report sexual abuse allegations;
Policies and procedures to prevent child sexual abuse by clergy, Church personnel or others who come in contact with children on Church property or at Church- sponsored events and activities;
Type of disclosure and how to respond to allegations of sexual abuse;
Policies and procedures to respond to allegations of sexual abuse; and
Internet communications with minors, policies and safety precautions.
Deadlines for Completing Training New staff and volunteers shall complete an online Sexual Abuse Protocol Training prior to employment or volunteer participation. Parishes, schools and diocesan offices will retain the signed and dated Certification and Authorization Form and Background Check Release Form that are completed by attendees at the end of each training.
Availability of Training Training shall be available online for new staff and volunteers. Training will be recertified at least every three (3) years.
Access to Online Protocol Training and Notifications of Additional On-Site Training Directions for obtaining access to the online safe environment protocol training tool, and the dates, times and locations of additional on-site training sessions, as needed, will be listed in:
The Catholic Moment; and
The diocesan website: www.dol-in.org
Section 5
Guidelines for Communications with Minors
With the explosion of technology use among minors as well as adults, the following guidelines serve to clarify safe measures in communications between any adult having contact with minors within our Diocese and between minors and youth ministers and teachers.
Communication with minors must always be public, transparent and never in a form that could be construed or viewed as secretive or private.
Parents or legal guardians must be informed of the different electronic methods to be utilized for communication purposes with minors by employees and volunteers of the Church organization.
All communications should be minimal and only used to exchange needed information. Parents should be copied on all messages. And all messages should be Church/organization related.
Adults should maintain separate social networking accounts for professional/Church organizations and personal communications.
Avoid any communication which might be construed as having sexual overtones.
DO NOT REPLY to any such messaging received from minors; instead make and keep a copy of any such inappropriate communication and notify an administrator/pastor or supervisor immediately.
*Note: For more information on The Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People and the Essential Norms, go to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops website, www.usccb.org, under Issues and Actions, Child and Youth Protection.