https://downsbaptistchurch.org/about-dbc/dbcs-policies/privacy-policy/
Downs Baptist Church Woodingdean | Privacy Policy
Downs Baptist Church Woodingdean
NewsAbout DBC
Our Vision
Who’s who
The History of DBC
DBC’s Policies
Sundays
J.A.M/R.A.P
Community
Mission Works
Greengrocers
Thursday Fellowship
Habakkuk Harriers
Dean Wood Care Home
Churches Together
Contact Us
Sermons
menu
NewsAbout DBC
Sundays
Community
Contact Us
Sermons
Privacy Policy
posted May 25, 2018by DBC
Downs Baptist Church Privacy Policy May 2018
This privacy policy sets out how Downs Baptist Church uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Downs Baptist Church is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information in our Contact Form by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Downs Baptist Church may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to respond to your enquiry only. The information may be passed on to the relevant person who can assist with your enquiry e.g the Pastor of the church or the Manager of DBC Community Greengrocers etc to whom the enquiry is addressed and to no other persons.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Information provided will be deleted within 6 months of receipt.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not share your personal information with third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. You can contact us – Downs Baptist Church via Woodingdean CP School, Warren Road, Woodingdean, Brighton, BN2 6BB
Services Due to the Coronavirus and Government restrictions, some meetings are currently suspended.
Sunday services will be held at Woodingdean CP School and broadcast live on Facebook at 10.30am.
Please check our news page for latest updates.
Upcoming Events
Sunday Service
10:30am, Sunday 11th October
Woodingdean CP School and Live on our FaceBook page
Wednesday Prayers
7:45pm, Wednesday 14th October
Live on our FaceBook page
Sunday Service (includes Communion)
10:30am, Sunday 18th October
Woodingdean CP School and Live on our FaceBook page
Wednesday Prayers
7:45pm, Wednesday 21st October
Live on our FaceBook page
Churches Together Prayer Meeting
9:00am, Saturday 7th November
On Zoom
Facebook
Facebook
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkView our privacy policy
website by robpannell.com | Log In