https://dowsers.com/privacy-policy/
StoreWalter Russell BooksJoey’s BookCeltic Sea SaltDowsing Books, Rods & PendulumsKabbalah BooksView CartP: 706-733-0204 1HomeAboutRemote Space Clearing ServicesWorkshops & RetreatsArticlesVideosContact Privacy Policy for Dowsers.comWho we areUpdated May 24, 2019Our website address is: https://dowsers.com. We are a small team focusing on sharing our spiritual space clearing services, books and DVDs, Celtic Sea Salt, and numerous Walter Russell products plus dowsing rods and pendulums. We send to our email mailing list a few times a year at most, and do not track your visits except for Google Analytics, which gives us aggregated numbers but nothing about your personal data.By using our Site, you consent to the terms of this Policy. Dowsers.com does not keep any data and supports this site without interfering with your privacy.We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time and will notify you of such changes by posting the modified Policy on our Site and indicating at the top of the Policy document the date it was last updated. Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to any changes to  Dowsers.com’s privacy practices.What personal data we collect and why we collect itAggregate Information: Personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data collected about a group or category of content, services from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data.  Aggregate data helps us understand trends and needs so that we can better consider new content and services, and tailor existing content(including the Site) to visitor desires.Contact formsIf you leave a comment on our site at our Contact page, we do not keep that email address or any information you send us. We assure your privacy and will not use anything you submit, except that if you ask us to share your story or photos, we post them on our site with your permission. Everything we share is with the permission of the person submitting it, who retains total ownership of the content.CookiesA cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Cookies play an important role. Without them, using the web would be a much more frustrating experience.Additionally, when you visit our Site, some information is automatically collected, such as your computer’s operating system and browser type, version, and capabilities (such as whether JavaScript is enabled and cookies are accepted), your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time and date of your visit, the referring site (if applicable), as well as screen resolution, color and depth.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESThe Site may contain links to other websites. Links from our Site to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only, and we do not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties or other sites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We strongly recommend that you learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. Similarly, some third parties may place cookies in advertisements and in other locations on the Site, and may place Web beacons on the Site in conjunction with such cookies. Information collected by these third parties is subject to those third parties’ policies governing use and disclosure of personal information.When you are on the
Dowsers.com Site, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. We do not control the information collection and dissemination policies of third-party companies. These other site may independently collect data from or about you, solicit information from you, or place their own cookies on your computer. We are not responsible for any use of the information such third-party sites may collect.Submitting Content for Ongoing UseMuch of our content is submitted by visitors, who ask us to share it on the site and give us permission for people to use this content in a non commercial setting like classrooms and home use.If you submit content and ask for it to be shared you have the option of telling us how you wish to be identified in connection with your photos, stories, comments and elsewhere on the Site. If you choose to use your real name (or include any personally identifying information as part of your “nickname”) that information will be publicly displayed on our Site where noted. Therefore, please use caution in determining how you wish to be identified on the Site.AnalyticsWho we share your data withHow long we retain your dataWhat rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.We do not share your data with third parties, except when Embedding content like YouTube videos. We do not keep any personal data on you.Where we send your dataWe only send data to YouTube via embedded videos, and no where else to we gather data on you. Even with YouTube, we have no control over this and you should review their Privacy Policy. Embedding videos allows us to share more content, but we do not use this data nor do we keep it.Your contact informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent personal information to third parties. The only contact information we’d ever have is if you filled in the Contact form, and we’d only use that to respond to your inquiry, and if you submit content, to keep in touch about that and ask your permission if visitors want to use it on their sites or offline events.Additional informationCHILDRENNo information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Site by visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. Persons under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to access the Site and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from such individuals. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.SECURITYWe use reasonable security measures in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and alteration of information while it is under our control. We cannot, however, guarantee the protection of information against interception,  isappropriation, misuse or alteration, nor can we promise that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. Furthermore, we have no control over the security of other sites you might visit, interact with or do business with.CHOICETo opt-out of receiving communications from us, or to access, change or delete your personal information shared with us, we provide you with the following options: you may (1) follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions contained in the communication from us; (2) e-mail us at
mail@dowsers.com
or (3) write to us at the following address with your request:Dowsers.comJoseph KornP.O. Box 431Grovetown, GA 30813Phone/Fax: 1-706-733-0204Email: Joey(at)dowsers.comYOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMSBy using this Site and/or Services, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site, and since we do not maintain any email list, you must check back here to view the updates. Please check this page periodically for changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please leave the website and do not continue to use it until you are accepting the Dowsers.com
privacy policy.Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Policy may also change from time to time. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes, however, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without your prior consent. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you.For any inquiries you may contact us at:Dowsers.comJoseph KornP.O. Box 431Grovetown, GA 30813Phone/Fax: 1-706-733-0204Email: Joey(at)dowsers.comYOUR COMMENTSWe welcome your feedback. If you have anycomments or concerns about this Policy or would like to contact us for anyreason, you may reach us via e-mail at mail@dowsers.comVideo Interview – Spiritual Dowsing and the Blessing Process with Joey Korn Part 2Spiritual Space Clearing with Joey Korn Learn More Check out the Dowsers.com Store HomeAboutRemote Space Clearing ServicesWorkshops & RetreatsArticlesVideosContact