http://drogheda.armagh.anglican.org/privacy-policy/
St Peter's Church of Ireland, Drogheda
The website of St. Peter's Church of Ireland, Drogheda, Ireland
Churches
Ardee
Castlebellingham
Collon
Drogheda
Drumcar
Dunany
Dunleer
News
In Touch
This Month's Services
Restoration Project
Events
Facilities
Parish Facilities
Parish Hall
About Us
Who We Are
What We Believe
Where We Are
Worship
Safeguarding Trust
Genealogy
Gallery
History
Links
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://drogheda.armagh.anglican.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We use cookies to remember your viewing preferences if you select to view this website using the ‘Text only version’. This cookie remembers your personal preference as you browse from page to page, and also on your return to the website after closing your browser.
Cookies are used to manage authenticated access to the site by authorized users to protected areas of the website. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Please note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union.
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the church;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union ;
To share your contact details with the Diocesan office so they can keep you informed about news in the diocese and events, activities and services that will be occurring in the diocese and in which you may be interested.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your gift aid donations and keep you informed about parish and diocesan events
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided:
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out within Irish Data Protection Legislation, details of which can be found here and  in the guide “Keep or Bin: Care of Your Parish Records” which is available from the Church of England website here.
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union holds about you
The right to request that Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request your personal  data is erased where it is no longer necessary for Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union to retain such data.
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable)
[Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means]
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
[Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office (UK) or Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland)
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice. The new notice will explain the new use of your personal data prior to commencing the processing. It will set out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance  by contacting Select Vestry secretary of the Church with Drogheda, Ardee and Collon Union, Kilsaran Union or email office.drogheda@armagh.anglican.org  .
You can contact the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland) on +353 (0761) 104 800; via email info@dataprotection.ie or by writing to:  The Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23
All content is copyright © St Peter's Church of Ireland, Drogheda Church of Ireland, Drogheda, and is proudly powered by WordPress
Website created by Serenos Design. Log in.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.