https://dsnuk.org/cookie-policy/
REPORT EVERYDAY CASTEISM
DONATE
REPORT EVERYDAY CASTEISM
DONATE
Cookie policy
How we respect privacy when we deal with personal information collected by our organisation
This Privacy Policy applies to information we (Dalit Solidarity Network UK) collect about individuals who interact with our organisation. It explains what personal information we collect and how we use it.
If you have any comments or questions about this notice, feel free to contact us at info@dsnuk.org.
1. Personal data that we process
The following table explains the types of data we collect and the legal basis, under current data protection legislation, on which this data is processed.
Purpose
Data (Key Elements)
Basis
Enquiring about our organisation and its work
Name, email, message
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to read and store your message so that we can respond in the way that you would expect.
Subscribing to email updates about our work
Name, email
Consent – you have given your active consent.
Making a donation
Name, email, address, payment information
Legitimate interests – this information is necessary for us to fulfil your intention of donating money and your expectation of receiving a confirmation message.
Signing up as a member
Name, email
Contract – by paying your membership fees you have entered into a contractual relationship with us as set out in our membership terms and conditions.
Website Functionality
Website activity collected through cookies
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality that you would expect, such as remembering the contents of your order before you have fully completed the process.
2.
How we use your data
We will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected, as set out in the table at the top of this policy.
For example, we may use your personal information to:
reply to enquiries you send to us;
handle donations or other transactions that you initiate;
where you have specifically agreed to this, send you marketing communications by email relating to our work which we think may be of interest to you.
3.
When we share your data
We will only pass your data to third parties in the following circumstances:
you have provided your explicit consent for us to pass data to a named third party;
we are using a third party purely for the purposes of processing data on our behalf and we have in place a data processing agreement with that third party that fulfils our legal obligations in relation to the use of third-party data processors; or
we are required by law to share your data.
In addition, we will only pass data to third parties outside of the EU where appropriate safeguards are in place as defined by Article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation.
4. How long we keep your data
We take the principles of data minimisation and removal seriously and have internal policies in place to ensure that we only ever ask for the minimum amount of data for the associated purpose and delete that data promptly once it is no longer required. We will only retain your data where necessary for three years.
Where data is collected on the basis of consent, we will seek renewal of consent at least every three years.
5. Rights you have over your data
You have a range of rights over your data, which include the following:
Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example by putting ‘unsubscribe’ links at the bottom of all our marketing emails).
You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information.
You have the right of access to your information.  To request this, please write to info@dsnuk.org and we will supply you with the details that we hold for you within a month of your original enquiry. You may have to pay a small administration fee.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner if you feel your rights have been infringed.
Please note that relying on some of these rights, such as the right to deleting your data, will make it impossible for us to continue to deliver some services to you. However, where possible we will always try to allow the maximum access to your rights while continuing to deliver as many services to you as possible.
A full summary of your legal rights over your data can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website here: https://ico.org.uk/
If you would like to access the rights listed above, or any other legal rights you have over your data under current legislation, please get in touch with us at info@dsnuk.org.
6. Cookies & usage tracking
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, e.g. remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.
Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that do help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. You can access Google’s privacy policy by going to http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
7. Modifications
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will publish the most current version on our website. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we’ll notify people whose personal data we hold and is affected.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings