https://eapa.org/privacy-policy-of-eapa/
Home
EAPA
News
Asphalt
Innovation
#Asphalt_Heroes
Asphalt in Figures
Publications
Events
Contact
Members Only
Share this:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of EAPA
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy below.
This privacy policy refers to European Asphalt Pavement Association AISBL, abbreviated “EAPA”, (in French “Association Européenne des Producteurs d’Enrobés Bitumineux”) obligations in relation to the processing of personal data pursuant to applicable privacy legislation and more specifically to the Belgian Privacy Act (Act of 8 December on the protection in relation to the processing of personal data) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR – Regulation (EU) 2016/79) as of its implementation on 25 May, 2018.
The Registered Office of the Association (EAPA) is established at Rue du Commerce 77, B- 1040, Brussels.
Privacy statement
EAPA commits to keep any personal data it receives related to the identity and personal life of a natural confidential in accordance to the conditions and restrictions set out in the GDPR.
Processing of Personal Data through the website
Cookies
EAPA does make use of cookies on its website. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
The gathered information will not be used for commercial and/or marketing purposes, but only for informative ones and statistics.
You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission and it will not be used for commercial and/or marketing purposes.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal e-mail making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Processing of Personal Data in the framework of a professional relationship
EAPA will process any Personal Data it would receive in the context of its professional relationship with any third party in full compliance with EU and Belgian applicable privacy legislation, i.e. the Belgian Privacy Act (Act of 8 December on the protection in relation to the processing of personal data) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/79) as of its implementation on 25 May, 2018.
EAPA will only collect Personal Data which are strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the Personal Data have been collected.
EAPA will not keep Personal Data any longer as needed for achieving the purposes for which the Personal Data have been collected or obtained, except if it is obliged to do so by law and/or professional rules of conduct.
EAPA uses up-to-date IT procedures to keep Personal Data safe and secure.
Access to Personal Data
Any person who has submitted Personal Data about him/herself to EAPA may at any time request to access, verify, amend or delete his/her Personal Data or parts of it.
The request can be made by sending an e-mail to info@eapa.org or a letter by post at EAPA, Rue du Commerce 77, 1040 Brussels, Belgium.
EAPA will respond as soon as possible to the request.
Any other requests, questions, comments or observations regarding this Privacy Policy in particular are welcomed and can also be addressed at hereabove mentioned addresses
Changes to the Privacy Policy
EAPA may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time at its discretion and in particular (but not only) to comply at all times with changing privacy legislation(s). EAPA encourages to regularly review the Privacy Policy on its updates.
Website disclaimer
By accessing the EAPA web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. Please read this disclaimer carefully before using this web site.
EAPA does not make any warranty, expressly or implied, for the topicality, accuracy, completeness or quality of the information provided.
EAPA’s website may provide referrals – including hyperlinks – to websites of third parties and/or social media. The links from this website to other websites are provided for your information and convenience only. They do not represent endorsement or approval. EAPA cannot be held accountable or liable for any processing of Personal Data via these websites or social media.
EAPA reserves the express right to change, supplement or delete parts of the site or the complete site or to discontinue the site for any period of time or permanently without notification.
Under no circumstances shall EAPA be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages that result in any way from your use of or inability to use the web site or your reliance on or use of information, services or merchandise provided on or through the web site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation, or transmission, or any failure of performance.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
We use AddToAny on our website.
AddToAny is compatible by default with the European General Data Protection Regulation, and the California Consumer Privacy Act.
By design, AddToAny does not store personal data. Our technology vendors are compliant, and may temporarily store an IP address and set a client cookie for security purposes as the regulations allow.
Home
EAPA
News
Asphalt
About the Campaign
Get connected
The EAPA #Asphalt_Heroes
Members Only
Administration
Privacy Policy
EAPA
Rue du Commerce 77
1040 Brussels – Belgium
Tel. +32.2.502.5888
Fax. +32.2.502.2358
© 2020 EAPA.
European Asphalt Pavement Association. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy