https://earthday.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated: 2019
This Privacy Policy applies to all websites and web pages (“Sites”) operated by Tous les Jours and/or Earth Day Canada and/or Jour de la Terre France. Tous les Jours is the exclusive owner of the following domain names: www.jourdelaterre.org, www.jourdelaterre.org/qc, www.jourdelaterre.org/fr, www.jourdelaterre.quebec, www.jourdelaterre.fr, www.earthday.ca.
By using, browsing, or accessing these Sites, you are deemed to have read this Privacy Policy and agree to this Agreement and any amendments to it.
Privacy Policy
Tous les Jours respects your right to privacy, in accordance with Quebec and Canada’s privacy laws.
Tous les Jours may collect personal information about you. This personal information is used exclusively by Tous les Jours to communicate with you, to provide you with the services, content, or information you have requested or to provide you with information that may be of interest to you. Tous les Jours will only use personal information for these purposes unless we have your consent.
Personal Information about Another Individual
If you provide Tous les Jours with the personal information of another individual, you indicate that you have the authority to do so and/or that you have obtained all necessary consent from that individual to enable us to collect, use, and disclose this personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Using Visitor Information
To deliver the necessary content (document, newsletters, etc.) and to constantly improve it, we need some information about you. Your name and email address are required to contact you if there is a problem with the delivery of the requested content and also for promotional purposes by Tous les Jours only. Your consent must be explicitly given to Tous les Jours so that your name and email address may be used by the latter. The postal code provided by the user in certain forms is used for location purposes by region as part of certain promotional items. If you no longer want to receive our newsletter, promotions, and/or information, simply unsubscribe by clicking on the link provided for this purpose in the monthly mailing.
When a visitor accesses the Tous les Jours Sites, we may use a browser feature called a “cookie” to collect information such as the type of internet browser and operating system that the visitor uses, the domain name of the Sites where the visitor comes from, the date and duration of the visit, the number of visits, the average visitor’s time on our Sites, the pages he or she has consulted and the cumulative number of views. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies the visitor’s browser (but does not necessarily identify the visitor) for our computers every time someone visits our Sites. We do not know the identity of visitors to our Sites unless they tell us specifically (e.g., by registering for an event or sending us correspondence from the Sites). In addition to the specific purposes described in our Privacy Policy, we may use this information and share it with others with whom we have relationships in order to improve the Sites’s content and functionality and make it easier for visitors to use. Visitors can reset their browser in order to be notified as soon as they receive a cookie or to be able to refuse cookies. However, if they refuse cookies, they may be unable to use some of the features of our Sites.
When sending information by email, we may collect certain information such as the date and time you first opened email communications, the number of times you have opened them, the number of clicks per article, the total frequency of clicks on the content of these communications, and a general compilation of related statistics. We may combine and retain any such information for the purpose of managing and improving communications that we send to you by email.
Protecting your Confidential Data
In order to prevent unauthorized access, we observe strict security measures with respect to the archiving and disclosure of the information you have transmitted to us. Tous les Jours will take all reasonable means to ensure that all personal information in its possession is protected against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. This includes but is not limited to physical, organizational, and technological means. In general, all of this data is secured and encrypted at all times on the site.
As a result, we may ask you again to prove your identity before providing information or modifying it at your request. A request must be made in writing to the following email address: info@jourdelaterre.org.
It is understood that the collected data is stored and used in North America by Tous les Jours. If you do not live in North America, be aware that your personal data is stored inside servers in North America and that you authorize Tous les Jours to transfer, store, and process your data in Canada, in North America, and possibly in other countries.
Transmission of your Details to Third Parties
While guaranteeing the utmost confidentiality, Tous les Jours undertakes not to divulge or market to third parties any information about you, except under the terms of a legal constraint (by testimony, interrogation, request for documents, subpoena, request for investigation, or other similar proceedings pursuant to an order of a competent court, or to comply with any applicable conditions imposed by a government agency or other regulatory authority, or other legal requirements) or after obtaining your consent. It is understood that the Fonds Eco IGA is administered by Tous les Jours and therefore this entity can not be considered a third party for the purposes hereof.
Visitors’ Communications
Any comments, reactions, information, or material submitted to Tous les Jours, through one or more Sites or in association with one of these Site(s), will be considered non-confidential. By submitting comments, feedback, information, or material to Tous les Jours, you acknowledge that Tous les Jours is free to use the content of any communication, without restriction and without obligation of any compensation on its part.
Edit Your Data
At any time, you can consult, modify, or ask to withdraw all your personal data by contacting us at the following email address: info@jourdelaterre.org
Transactions and Unauthorized Access by Third Parties
Tous les Jours makes every effort to ensure the confidentiality and security of transactions. However, Tous les Jours does not guarantee the protection of the user’s personal information against unauthorized access by malicious third parties.
Jurisdiction
By accessing, visiting, or using one or more Sites you acknowledge that the conditions of use are governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws in force in the Province of Quebec. Quebec courts are competent to hear all disputes arising out of or resulting from the terms of this agreement, excluding the courts of other countries, states, provinces, or territories. You agree that the judicial district of Montreal is the appropriate place for the hearing of claims or legal proceedings to the exclusion of any other judicial district which may have jurisdiction over such a dispute as prescribed by law
Notice
Any notice or notification may be sent to you by email or by post. If it becomes necessary or useful to give notice hereunder, such notice shall be given, unless otherwise provided by law, by registered mail (with acknowledgment of receipt), or in person (with acknowledgment of receipt), or served by email. Any notice given hereunder shall be delivered or served at the following address:
TOUS LES JOURS
For the attention of: Mr. Pierre Lussier
Adresse :
5818, boulevard Saint-Laurent
Montréal (Québec)
H2T 1T3
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or complaints about this Privacy Policy or the Sites, we invite you to contact us:
TOUS LES JOURS
À l’attention de : Monsieur Pierre Lussier
Address :
5818, 5818 Saint-Laurent Boulevard
Montreal, Quebec
H2T 1T3
Modification
The Sites are provided as a service to visitors. Tous les Jours reserves the right to modify, add, or delete any information or any element of the Sites, at any time and for any reason
Tous les Jours reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Users are responsible for reviewing any changes to this policy.
Term of use
Contact us
Tous les Jours / Jour de la Terre
5818, boulevard Saint-Laurent
Montréal (Québec) H2T 1T3 Canada
Phone : (514) 728-0116
Toll free : 1 800 424-8758
Fax : (514) 303-0248
Email: info@jourdelaterre.org
2020 © Earth Day Canada. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy | Terms of use | Trademark
Lead partners
Mission
Board of Directors
Team
Partners
Jobs
Media
Contact
April 22
Campaign
Blog
Events calendar
Submit an event