http://earthjustice.org/privacy
Skip to main content
We can’t buy a new planet.
But we can fight for the one we have.
Join today, and double your impact!
$
2X Match
Search form
Search
Privacy Policy
We consider it a privilege when you choose to support Earthjustice. At Earthjustice, your privacy and security are critically important to us.
Our fundamental privacy principles are transparency and fairness. In keeping with these principles, Earthjustice (“Earthjustice,” “we,” “our” or “us”) wants you to understand what kinds of information we collect about you, why we collect it and how we use or disclose it. We also want to make sure you know your rights regarding our collection, use and disclosure of that information.
We’ve tried to write this policy in a way that’s easy to understand, but some of it is technical. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us.
This policy applies solely to information collected by earthjustice.org (the “Site”), and is effective February 15, 2019.
If you use our Site on or after February 15, 2019, you agree to the new policy.
The Kinds Of Information We Collect About You
Earthjustice has implemented administrative and technical security measures to safeguard any personally identifying information we collect online against unauthorized access, destruction, or alteration.
Information we collect from you is stored on secure servers and is not publicly accessible, unless you chose to have Earthjustice disclose your personally identifiable information, for example, when you use our advocacy service to contact decision-makers.
We use encrypted connections when processing financial and advocacy transactions through our website.
Information You Give Us Voluntarily
Earthjustice collects, retains and uses information you provide to us or give us permission to obtain.
For example, you voluntarily provide or allow us to obtain information when you:
Donate to or Purchase from Earthjustice.
We request, collect and retain certain information necessary to verify your identity, prevent fraud and process your requested donation or purchase. This includes your name, email address, billing address, credit card information, phone number, donation and/or purchase amount, and other personally identifiable information you share with us. We collect, transmit and retain credit card transaction information in conformity with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards.
Use Earthjustice’s Site.
We request, collect and retain certain information when you fill in a form, register for an event, subscribe to our electronic newsletter, respond to surveys, post to community forums or use other features of our Site. This includes your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and other personally identifiable information you share with us.
Use Our Advocacy Service. Earthjustice’s advocacy service allows you to contact policy and/or decision makers about issues that concern you. If you participate in our advocacy service, we request, collect, and retain your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and other personally identifiable information you share with us. We also collect and retain: (1) the actions in which you participate and (2) the content of the messages you wrote and/or sent.
Communicate with Us Online.
Sometimes we request, collect and/or retain information when you communicate with us online, which may include your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other personally identifiable information you share with us.
For example, you may ask us to update your contact information through info@earthjustice.org.
The above information is collected and processed, based on your consent, to fulfill your purchases and/or donations, to keep you up to date on Earthjustice’s work and issues that are important to you, to maintain and expand our relationship with you and other supporters, and for our other legitimate purposes.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Visit Our Site
Similar to most websites, certain kinds of information are automatically or passively collected, retained and used when you visit our Site:
Log Data.
When you visit or use any website, including our Site, your browser or mobile device creates certain information, which is logged. Log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, searches, browser and system type and settings, the date and time you used the Site, how you used the Site, cookie data, and your device data. We use third parties to collect, retain, evaluate and make available to us this information when you
visit our Site. We use this information to maintain and monitor the Site, including its availability, functionality, speed and security to make the Site more user-friendly and to improve your experience when you visit it.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. We use cookies to improve our Site, auto-populate your preferences and settings, and collect analytic data. For example, if cookies are enabled on your computer or mobile device, our Site uses them to determine if you previously used our advocacy service and auto-populates certain information fields to make it easier for you to join future actions. For further information about cookies and how and why we use cookies and similar technologies, including how to opt-out or disable cookies on your computer or mobile device, please see the Earthjustice Cookie Policy.
Information Third Parties Share with Us
Information from Third Parties. We sometimes collect information about you, including personal information, from third parties we work with or through publically available sources. We may combine that information with other information we collect through the Site or that you voluntarily provide or authorize us to obtain. We do not have any control over the third parties that provide us with your information, including how they collect, process or disclose your personal data.
Device information. We use third parties to collect information about the device you use to visit the Site, including
device type, operating system and settings. Whether we collect some or all of this information depends on the device you use and its privacy settings. We do not have any control over the third parties that provide us with your information, including how they collect, process or disclose your personal data.
Site Use.
We use third parties to collect information about your and other visitors’ interactions with the Site. These services use cookies to measure how users interact with our Site. The data that is collected and made available to us includes search terms used to reach our Site, which websites visitors came from, event data (pages and content viewed or clicked upon), the event date and time, searches within our Site and visitors’ IP addresses.
This allows us to understand how many people visit our Site, how they use it, whether they are new or returning, how often they visit and how they interact with the Site. We can also use this information to test and to improve our Site to provide you with a more relevant and meaningful experience. We do not have any control over the third parties that provide us with your information, including how they collect, process or disclose your personal data.
Payment Transaction Information.
If you donate or make a purchase using a credit card, your credit card information is processed by our contracted merchant service providers.
We do not retain information about your online payment transactions, but through a third-party platform we use, we can access the last four digits of your credit card and transaction information, such as the date and the amount.
Other sources. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you—such as demographics, fraud detection information or other personally identifiable information—from third-party service providers. We may combine this with other information we have about you.
How We Use and/or Share the Information We Collect
In addition to specific uses discussed below, we generally use the information we collect to improve our Site’s function and content, to stay in touch with our supporters about activities or news, to expand our supporter base and to notify you about updates to our Site.
Data Collected for a Financial Transaction
The data we collect from you if you make a donation or purchase is used to verify your identity and to complete your requested transaction. We also use your phone number and/or email address to contact you if there is a problem with the transaction, and we use your email address to confirm your donation and/or purchase. This information is necessary to fulfill your order or donation transaction.
The personal financial information we collect and control to conduct financial transactions is kept private and secure and is not sold, rented or traded to third parties.
To the extent allowed by law, we collect, retain and use your name, email address, phone number, address and any other personally identifiable information you provide voluntarily or give us permission to obtain. We use this information to keep you up to date on Earthjustice’s critical work, including our latest courtroom and legislative battles and victories, advocacy alerts, fundraising appeals and other ways you can help support us.
Data Collected When You Sign Up for Our Emails or Texts, Participate in Action Alerts, Register for an Event or Communicate With Us for Other Reasons
Similarly, to the extent allowed by law, we collect, retain and use your name, email address, phone number, address and any other information you provide voluntarily or give us permission to obtain. This allows us to keep you up to date on Earthjustice’s critical work and opportunities for you to support us. It also helps us to develop our advocacy program by making it easier for you to fill out petitions and surveys by auto-populating certain fields.
We also keep copies of action alerts you send to policy and/or decision makers, which we may quote and publish on our Site and which are identified by the author’s initials and/or city/state. This helps advance our advocacy objectives and efforts.
Data Shared with Third Parties with Which We Contract
We sometimes contract with third-party companies or employ persons to collect and process information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy.
For example, as discussed above, we share information with credit card payment processing companies and advocacy platforms. We also share data with security consultants. In addition, we share certain information to improve and expand our fundraising capabilities, our donor and supporter databases, and our advocacy efforts. This may include information we independently acquire about you—some of which may be collected by third-party providers at our request.
We use third-party advocacy platforms to send your advocacy email messages directly to or connect you by phone with policy and/or decision makers’ offices. To receive your message, policy or decision makers may require you to provide additional information such as a salutation, name, email address, phone number or address.
Also, we exchange our mail and/or email address lists with like-minded organizations—many of which we represent through our environmental legal and advocacy work. As we are a nonprofit, it is important for us to reach others who may be interested in our work and expand our wonderful community of supporters like you. This is usually done through a third party that consolidates various organizations’ mail and/or email lists for use by us and sister nonprofits.
If you don’t want us to share your information with other organizations, you can change your preferences by contacting us by mail, phone, or email:
Earthjustice
50 California Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA
94111
1-800-584-6460
info@earthjustice.org
Aggregated Data
We also use and share aggregated information about our Site’s visitors. Aggregated information
does not identify any particular individual and is used for compliance, analysis, demographics, fundraising, advertising and our other legitimate purposes. For example, we collect, retain and use advocacy-alert information to evaluate and report on the outcome of our action alerts, but your personally identifiable information is depersonalized so that it is not identifiable.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We keep your information as long as necessary to accomplish the uses described in this Policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no requirement that we keep it, we’ll either delete or depersonalize it so you can’t be identified.
Children’s On-Line Privacy
Our Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. Additionally, if you are in the European Union you must be over the age at which you can consent to data processing under your country’s laws or you must provide parental consent. If you are a parent and believe your child is receiving Earthjustice communications and you don’t want them to, or if you believe we are collecting your child’s personal information, please contact us.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for other websites’ content, cookies policies or privacy policies. Please be aware when you leave our Site. We suggest you read the privacy policies of these other websites, which may collect your personally identifiable information.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices about your data and how we collect, use or disclose it. We want to send you only the communications to which you have agreed. You can unsubscribe at any time.
If you would like to opt out of postal or email communications from Earthjustice, you can do so through the online
Member Center, or by contacting us by mail, phone, or email:
Earthjustice
50 California Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA
94111
1-800-584-6460
info@earthjustice.org
If you would like to stop receiving mobile messages from Earthustice, please text STOP to 52886 or contact us at the mail address, phone number or email address above.
If you wish to opt out of having your name and address shared with other organizations, please contact us at the mail address, phone number, or email address above.
You can control cookies and other automatic data collection and storage through your browser and/or mobile device settings. Please check your software or device manufacturer’s instructions and/or read our Cookie Policy to learn more about how we use cookies or how to disable cookies on your computer or mobile device.
Though our Site is not specifically directed towards the European Union (“EU”), and we don’t have a physical location in the EU, if you’re located in the EU or the European Economic Area, you can contact us at the mail address, phone number or email address above to:
Request we share with you the information we have collected about you. This will take about 30 days;
Request we correct or delete your information;
Object to the processing of your information or
Request we send the information we have collected about you to other organizations.
Changes To This Policy
Earthjustice reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this Site, including its terms of use and privacy policy.
If our information practices or privacy policy change at some time in the future, we will update our privacy policy to notify you of the changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. Please check back at our Site periodically. We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page:
Feb. 15, 2019
Added language to explain how the data we receive and store is secured.
May 25, 2018
Updated policy to comply with GDPR disclosure requirements.
If you continue to use our Site after changes go into effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or ask for your consent, if required by law.
If you feel we are not following our privacy policy or wish to review or request changes to your contact information, please contact us:
Earthjustice
50 California Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA
94111
1-800-584-6460
info@earthjustice.org
Related
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Fair Use Policy
Link Policy
Terms and Conditions