https://eastwest.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacyewdh2019-10-07T18:57:52+00:00
Privacy
East West Hospitality knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting the East West Hospitality sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to reviewing this Statement, please read the Terms of Use as well.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION East West Hospitality is the sole owner of the information collected on all domains registered to East West Resorts and East West Hospitality affiliate companies. East West Resorts collects information from our users at several different points on our Web sites.
Upon Initial Interaction With The Sites When you visit our web sites, you are initially given a “cookie”, and your computer is assigned an ID number. A cookie is a commonly used device which stores information placed by a web site in a storage place on your own computer. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. We use cookies to track your computer’s usage patterns on our sites, and to enhance your visit to the sites. We also use cookies to collect and maintain aggregate web site data (such as the number of visitors to a site) which helps us see which areas are popular with our users and which are not. Among other things, this helps us improve and update the site, based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. If you don’t like cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you not to accept them. We don’t recommend using this option, however, as it makes browsing our site a less enjoyable experience because a site is not able to recognize you and your preferences for information. Once you have visited one of our web sites and accepted our cookie, your ID number is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf that web site. Despite the fact that you remain anonymous until you enter personal information in the web site, the ID number allows us to log your session, so that we may better assist you should you need some individualized service or support. Once you enter personal information in the web site, we can associate your ID number with your contact information so we can recognize you on a future visit and provide you with a more personalized experience. However, the cookie alone will never be used as a security measure to access personal information. Access to all personal information will require you to log in.
While Browsing Our Web Site While browsing our web sites, you also provide us with information that doesn’t reveal your personal identity – what pages you visited, for example. We use this aggregated, anonymous data mainly for editorial purposes, but we don’t connect it to any name, address, or other identifying information. For example, our site usage reports show us which pages are most popular and most engaging in terms of time spent on the page. This kind of information is very helpful for identifying in general what visitors to the sites find valuable. While you explore our web sites for the information that interests you, you may wish to put in a specific information request, or you may wish to participate in one of our on-line surveys or promotions. To respond to this request or to participate in our various programs, we may ask you for your name, zip/postal code, e-mail address, and phone number. In the event you choose to provide us with this information, we will only use it for the purpose we have specified to you, unless you request otherwise. Transmittal of your personal data shall constitute your acknowledgment and agreement to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy. And if you don’t want to give us this information over the internet, that’s fine too – you can always call us for more details. If you wish, you may also submit your e-mail address in order to be placed on a subscription list or to receive other information. You will be placed on these lists only by indicating your desire to be included, which is done on the “E-Mail Me” page. In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only used for internal purposes – we do not sell or rent our lists to anyone. In the event you choose to join one of our lists, you may request to be removed from the list at any time.
Making a reservation If you decide you want to make a reservation at our resorts, you will be linked to our on line reservation site. You can search for rates and availability at our hotels and resorts without providing any personal information. Once you have determined that your requested reservation is available, you will be asked to give personal information including your name, address and contact information, as well as certain guarantee and deposit information to secure your reservation, including your credit card number. Transmittal of your personal data shall constitute your acknowledgment and agreement to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy. This site is secure and all information is encrypted. No one else is able to read the information you provide. Your credit card number will be verified using a checking sequence, but we do not authorize any payments at this point. Once your reservation is confirmed by East West Resorts, we will send you a confirmation and additional reservation information. We will never share any of your personally identifying data with any other party without your express permission, nor use it for unapproved commercial purposes.
SECURITY We always take the utmost care to ensure that the data we obtain from you is not used in a way that you may be unaware of or not agreeable to. For example, due to the personal nature of the information you give when making a reservation, the reservation system is secure, such that your credit card number is protected. However, there are a few special cases worth noting when you are contemplating giving personal information to us. It is important to note that e-mail communication to and from our site is not guaranteed to be secure. This is a risk inherent in the use of any e-mail correspondence. Please be aware of this when requesting information from us by e-mail. We recommend that you do not include any confidential information when using e-mail (for example do not provide credit card numbers). For your protection, our e-mail responses to you will not include any confidential information. We recommend closing the reservation confirmation screen once you have entered your information and printed the confirmation information. This eliminates the risk of another user to attempt to obtain access to the secure information which you entered to create your reservation.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
CONTACT East West Hospitality P.O. Box 9550 Avon, CO 81620 eastwest@eastwest.com http://www.eastwest.com
Contact Us
East West Hospitality
P.O. Box 9550
Avon, CO 81620
info@eastwest.com
Google Map
970.790.2045
Email Us
News & Media
East West Vacation Lodging
Beaver Creek, CO
Big Island, HI
Luxury Home Collection
Snowmass, CO
Lake Tahoe, CA
Vail, CO
Westin Riverfront, Avon, CO