https://eatthestate.org/government-accountability/how-foia-public-records-requests-help-keep-politicians-honest/
How FOIA public records requests help keep politicians honest
In the USA we have the greatest form of government that has ever existed.  Our representative democracy has protected our freedoms and allowed our economy to thrive.  A key component of our governmental system is accountability.  Our laws allow us to keep our politicians honest and give us the ability to replace them when there is wrongdoing.  One critical way we keep our government accountable is the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). FOIA requires the government to do a public records search for the desired government data and provide the results to any citizen or organization in the United States that requests them. This applies to federal, state and local governmental bodies.
FOIA is the short title of comprehensive federal legislation
enacted in 1965 that took effect the next year.
It was drafted as a more formal standardized version of the earlier US
Administrative Procedures Act.  The
explicitly stated purpose of the law is to “implement a philosophy of full
government agency disclosure”.  The
provisions of the law apply solely to the federal government, but virtually
every state has a similar law for the local government.
More on government accountability:
Can the federal government keep your personal information secure?The American public needs to demand a balanced budget amendmentWhy the Affordable Care Act website failed so badlyMost Americans don’t trust the federal governmentIs there any escape from the growing national debt?Voters need to make a stand on wasteful government spending
FOIA
has undergone a lot of modifications since its initial passage under President
Lyndon B. Johnson as Public Law 89-487 with a full-text length that was just
two pages long.  Drastic evolution began
two years later with the passage of essentially identical legislation and
continued strong influence under former President Gerald Ford during the Watergate
aftermath that led to the passage of the Privacy Act during 1974.
An
especially notable FOIA variation emerged during the Clinton Administration
with E-FOIA passage in 1996 that requires all federal agencies to make official
documents publicly accessible via electronic media formats.
Yet
another development was Congress’ unanimous vote that approved passage of the
2014 FOIA Oversight & Implementation Act to mandate establishment of a
centralized online forum to accept initial requests and subsequent progress
tracking.  Per sponsor Congressman
Darrell Issa (CA-Rep.), the bill was intended to shift the burden of proof from
requesters to government agencies to demonstrate valid grounds for denial.
Public
records obstacles
While
a great deal of progress has been made with FOIA, much work is still left to be
done before U.S. voters will have won complete transparency with their
government.
For
instance, the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation is beta testing an
electronic online request form designed to streamline requests for documents that
were once processed in hard-copy paper format.
Although the FBI expresses optimism that its new system will enhance
efficiency, government watchdog groups opine that extra requirements will
likely offset any benefits.  Besides
limitation to one request per day, web portal users must upload a legible image
of valid government-issued personal identification.  For some reason most people seem to have a
problem with providing the FBI with a photo ID to make a public records
request.
Another example is Barak Obama having given his word multiple
times during his campaign for a more transparent government but reneging once
he won his U.S. Presidential bid with Executive Order 13526 to reclassify
documents that were once subject to mandatory FOIA disclosure.
How FOIA keeps government accountable
FOIA’s primary governmental accountability aspect is
legally mandated disclosure of official documents to the public on demand.  This affords citizens two main benefits in a
purely theoretical sense.  The first is from
deterring official misconduct  by
providing a mechanism for such acts to be fully exposed and punished
accordingly.  The second is facilitating
prompt access to pertinent information that directly affects private citizens’
legal rights or interests.
Of course, not all activities of the government are
available to the general public.  For
example, classified documents, trade secrets, and oversight of financial
institution are some of the things you cannot get from a FOIA request.  The world is better off if it doesn’t know
everything that the government is doing.
Unfortunately, most the language that exempts data from mandatory
disclosure provisions is highly subjective and is open to interpretation.
A
major complication lies in the fact that federal agencies are typically the custodian
and have sole discretion about whether to grant or deny FOIA requests.  Not to mention that there is a strong incentive
to protect government vs. public interests by withholding potentially damaging
but nonexempt data from disclosure.
Perhaps the most common scenario entails pending investigation of crimes
or other misconduct about which officials refuse to disclose relevant
details.  There’s no way to know for sure
if the administration of justice would be compromised by disclosure or
seriously jeopardized by withholding requested information from public view.
Balancing
government transparency and secrecy
On
the other side of the issue is that the government can be too transparent.  Certain activities should be kept secret for
the benefit of our country and its citizens.
One example that clearly defines the battle between government
transparency and secrecy is the story of Edward Snowden.
During 2013, Edward Snowden made a controversial move by leaking
top-secret National Security Agency (NSA) data to various media outlets.  A former CIA staffer and computer expert,
Snowden worked as an NSA contractor when he discovered files that pertained to various
global surveillance programs maintained by the NSA in cooperation with European
nations and telecommunications firms.
Snowden gained worldwide publicity when reports were featured about his
unauthorized disclosures by various high-profile news media outlets.
The documents and information that Snowden leaked were
particularly damaging to the government of the US and many of its strongest
allies.  It also provided information to
our enemies that was damaging to our country’s interests.
In late June 2013, the U.S. Department of Justice announced
two counts against Snowden for the Espionage Act of 1917 violations and
government property theft. Two days later, Snowden fled to Moscow, Russia, where
he was reportedly granted a three year asylum.
People have differing opinions of the actions of Edward
Snowden.  Some people view him as a
patriot, whistleblower and hero while others view him as a criminal traitor
guilty of treason.  His actions sparked vehement debate over the
proper balance between individual privacy and national security interests.
Snowden’s
actions are clearly illegal as he released classified information to the
general public.  However, they also
highlight some of reasons that government officials can and should be able to
deny certain FOIA public records requests.