http://ebc44.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your use of our website located at www.ebc44.com  (“Site”) and form a binding contractual agreement between you, the user of the Site and us, Edmund Barton Chambers (Level 44) Co-operative Limited (“EBC”).
For that reason these Terms are important and you should ensure that you read them carefully and contact us with any questions before you use the Site. By using the Site you acknowledge and agree that you have had sufficient chance to read and understand the Terms and you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not use the Site.
1 Liability 1 Liability
1.1 It is an essential pre-condition of your use of this website that you hereby agree to hold us harmless and release us for any loss or damage you may suffer related to your use of this website, whether arising from errors, acts or omissions in our documents or information provided to you.
1.2 None of the information contained on our website is, or should be considered to constitute, legal advice in any way shape or form. If you require legal advice you should formally retain a competent legal practitioner.
1.3 You agree that you have not and will not rely on any of the information on this site as legal advice.
1.4 Barristers who are members of our floor may link to or make available papers dealing with matters of law on our site. Those papers are reproduced with permission and may not represent the current state of the law. They are provided for educational purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for proper legal advice.
1.5 To the full extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability in respect of loss of data, interruption of business or any consequential or incidental damages.
1.6 To the full extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations, warranties or terms (whether express or implied) other than those expressly set out in these Terms.
1.7 These Terms are to be read subject to any legislation which prohibits or restricts the exclusion, restriction or modification of any implied warranties, conditions, guarantees or obligations.
2 Links to other websites
2.1 The Site contains links to other websites as well as content added by people other than us. We do not endorse, sponsor or approve any such user generated content or any content available on any linked website.
3 Intellectual Property Rights
3.1 Nothing in these Terms constitutes a transfer of any intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and agree that, as between you and us, we own all intellectual property rights in the Site.
3.2 Except as permitted by the copyright law applicable to you, you may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website, including files downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner.
4 Privacy
4.1 We respect your privacy and keeps your personal information confidential. We adhere to the privacy principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Please see our privacy policy for more information.
5 Jurisdiction
5.1 This Agreement is governed by the laws of New South Wales and each party submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales.