http://ec.princeton.edu/info/privacy.html
Text Only
Full media Version
Get EC
NOW | INFO about EC
| Q&A about EC | About
Us | For Providers | Home
Get
EC NOW
INFO
about EC
Q&A
about EC
About Us
For Providers
Home
Find a Morning After Pill Provider Near You
The Emergency Contraception Website - Your website for the "Morning After"
Privacy
Disclosure
The Office of Population Research of Princeton University created
and maintains this website as a resource for individuals and organizations
seeking accurate information about emergency contraception. While
some of the information on this site is about medical issues, it is
not medical advice and should not be construed as such. While the
Office of Population Research tries to keep the information
on this site current, we make no warranty or guarantee concerning
the accuracy of the content. We encourage all visitors to the website
to talk with their healthcare providers(s) about medical issues.
Terms of Use
By accessing and using this Site, you agree to each of the terms and
conditions set forth herein (“Terms of Use”).
1. Use of Site
You may use the Site, and the information, writings, images and/or
other works that you see, hear or otherwise experience on the Site
(singly or collectively, the “Content”) solely for your
non-commercial, personal purposes and/or to learn about emergency
contraception products and services. No right, title or interest in
any Content is transferred to you, whether as a result of downloading
such Content or otherwise. The Office of Population Research reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in all
Content. Except as expressly authorized by this Agreement, you may
not use, alter, copy, distribute, transmit, or derive another work
from any Content obtained from the Site, except as expressly permitted
by the Terms of Use.
2. Copyright
The Site and the Content are protected by U.S. and/or foreign copyright
laws, and belong to the Office of Population Research. You
may download and reprint Content for non-commercial, non-public, personal
use only. (If you are browsing this Site as an employee or member
of any business or organization, you may download and reprint Content
only for educational or other non-commercial purposes within your
business or organization).
3. Links to Third-Party Web Sites
Links on the Site to third party web sites or information are provided
solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave
the Site. Such links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship,
or recommendation by the Office of Population Research of
the third party, the third-party web site, or the information contained
therein.
4. Downloading Files
The Office of Population Research cannot and does not guarantee
or warrant that files available for downloading through the Site will
be free of infection by software viruses or other harmful computer
code, files or programs.
5. Indemnification
You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your
behavior on the Site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Office of Population Research from and against all claims,
losses, expenses, damages and costs, and reasonable attorneys’
fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, or inability
to use the Site or the Content, or any violation by you of this Agreement.
6. Privacy Policy
The Office of Population Research is committed to protecting
personal information gathered in the course of visits to this website.
In no case will anyone's personal information be shared with any third
party without the user's explicit permission. You should be aware
that transmissions through the Internet such as e-mail to and from
the website, are not confidential, and your communications may be
read or intercepted.
7. User Conduct
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You agree not
to take any action that might compromise the security of the Site,
render the Site inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to
the Site or the Content. You agree not to add to, subtract from, or
otherwise modify the Content, or to attempt to access any Content
that is not intended for you. You agree not to use the Site in any
manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.
8. User-Supplied Information
Input from Site users helps us understand women’s information
needs related to and use of emergency contraception. We sometimes
use the content of user emails for research and publication or to
improve the quality of our Site. When doing so, we always maintain
individual confidentiality as described in our privacy policy. By
sending email to us, you give the Office of Population Research the right to use confidentially any information you submit to
help improve our site and/or women’s access to information about
emergency contraception.
If you have any questions about the policies of this website, please
contact us.
© Copyright 2019, The Princeton University Office of Population
Research. All
rights reserved.
----------
Back to TOP
Español |
Arabic
My Story
Print this page
**PLEASE NOTE: AS OF AUGUST 31, 2020, THIS SITE IS NO LONGER BEING UPDATED**
This website is operated by the Office
of Population Research at Princeton
University and has no connection with any
pharmaceutical company or for-profit organization.
About Us . For Providers
. Links . Site
Map . Privacy
I Need to Get Emergency Contraception NOW
Where can I get Emergency Contraception
("the morning after pill") in the US?
What
brands of birth control pills can be used for EC (in any country)?
Information About Emergency Contraception
The Basics of Emergency Contraception
Emergency Contraceptive Pills
("morning after pills")
The Copper Intrauterine Device ("IUD
or Copper T")
Q&A about Emergency Contraception
Well-known Morning After Pill brands
Plan B One-Step
. Aftera . AfterPill. ella
What is Emergency Contraception?
How does emergency contraception work?
Is the Day After Pill
the same as the Morning After Pill?
How long do
I have to take a "day after pill"?
Can I take it the day before?
What are the side
effects of the Morning After Pill?
What are the side effects
of progestin-only ECPs?
What are the side effects
of combined ECPs?
The difference between the Morning After Pill and the Abortion
Pill
How the morning after pill works
How the Abortion Pill works (also
known as RU-486 or Mifeprex)
© 2020 Office of Population Research
website design by DDA