https://ecwnational.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyEpiscopal Church Women2020-10-19T13:45:04+00:00
Privacy Policy and Digital Millennium Copyright Act NoticePrivacy Policy
This privacy policy sets forth the privacy practices of The National Episcopal Church Women (ECW) and The Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America. This policy only applies to information we collect from visitors to ecwnational.org and its family of websites and social media accounts, collectively known as ‘websites’ and explains how we treat your personal information.
The National Episcopal Church Women collects the personal information that you make available via our websites, including first and last name, email address, phone number, other contact details, news stories, survey responses, photos, payment information, and cookie data. We also collect some information automatically about your computer hardware and software, which can include IP address, browser type, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses. The information that we automatically collect does not by itself identify specific individuals and is statistical data typically aggregated with other data to help us improve our website. The National Episcopal Church Women collects your information when you provide consent; for purposes which are required by law; and for the purposes of responding to requests by government, a court of law or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
The National Episcopal Church Women uses your information where it is necessary to fulfill our legitimate interests, which include operating our websites, providing information and services described on our website, communicating with you via newsletters to which you subscribe, fulfilling contracts made with you, responding to your comments or questions, and informing you of areas of interest or services available.
The National Episcopal Church Women retains your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and to comply with legal obligations.  If you no longer want the  National Episcopal Church Women to use your personal information, you can request that we erase your personal information by contacting editor@ecwnational.org, however, the National Episcopal Church Women will retain information as is necessary for our legitimate business interests. If you have questions about our privacy practices, please contact webmaster@ecwnational.org.
Some functions on our websites are managed by third parties, which have their own data privacy policies.  The National Episcopal Church Women encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from ecwnational.org and its family of websites so that you can understand how those websites collect, use ecwnational.org and share your information. The National Episcopal Church Women is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the National Episcopal Church Women family of websites or the websites to which we provide a link.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
Please notify the National Episcopal Church Women if you believe that any of your intellectual property rights have been infringed. Pursuant to Section 512 of the Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the National Episcopal Church Women designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed infringement: Acting President: contact president@ecwnational.org
To be effective, the notification should include: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the site; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) information sufficient to allow us to contact the complaining party; (v) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed. If you fail to comply with all of these requirements, your DMCA notification may not be valid.
Restriction of Political Campaign Intervention
Under the Internal Revenue Code, all section 501(c)(3) organizations are absolutely prohibited from directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for elective public office. Contributions to political campaign funds or public statements of position (verbal or written) made on behalf of the organization in favor of or in opposition to any candidate for public office clearly violate the prohibition against political campaign activity.  Violating this prohibition may result in denial or revocation of tax-exempt status and the imposition of certain excise taxes.
Certain activities or expenditures may not be prohibited depending on the facts and circumstances.  For example, certain voter education activities (including presenting public forums and publishing voter education guides) conducted in a non-partisan manner do not constitute prohibited political campaign activity. In addition, other activities intended to encourage people to participate in the electoral process, such as voter registration and get-out-the-vote drives, would not be prohibited political campaign activity if conducted in a non-partisan manner.
On the other hand, voter education or registration activities with evidence of bias that (a) would favor one candidate over another; (b) oppose a candidate in some manner; or (c) have the effect of favoring a candidate or group of candidates, will constitute prohibited participation or intervention.
*see IRS website for more information
Updated 10/18/2020
Go to Top