https://eden-cambridge.org/privacy
Privacy notice
Your privacy is important to us. We (Eden Baptist Church) are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information.
Why do we collect your personal data?
We collect personal data to provide appropriate pastoral care and to fulfil our purposes as a church. In legal terms this is “Legitimate Interests”. We also collect data required by law. When it is required, we may also ask you for your consent to process your data.
What types of personal data do we collect?
The data we collect includes:
contact information for purposes of maintaining membership and communicating with those who regularly participate in any church activity.
information for the purposes of fostering community and advertising our activities.
sensitive information supporting the pastoral care of members and those in regular contact with the church.
information necessary for fulfilling our legal obligations.
How do we store your data?
We will use appropriate measures to keep personal data secure at all points of processing. We will not keep your personal data longer than is necessary given the purposes for which it was collected. We will comply with official guidance about retention periods for specific records. We will make sure that personal data held is accurate and, where appropriate, kept up to date.
Who do we share your data with?
Your data may be stored using appropriate secure cloud services, and third parties only have access if they have a legitimate need as part of their work for us. We will not share your information with third parties for any other reason without your consent unless the law requires us to do so.
What can I do if I have any concerns?
Under Data Protection Law you have the following rights:
to request access to any of your personal data held by us
to ask to have inaccurate personal data changed
to restrict our processing of your data, in certain circumstances
to object to processing, in certain circumstances, including preventing the use of your data for direct marketing
to receive your data, or some of your data, in a format that can be easily re-used
to object to automated decisions, in certain circumstances
to withdraw consent when we are relying on consent to process your data.
For further information on how your information is used, how we maintain the security of your information and your rights to access information we hold on you, please contact our Data Protection Coordinator.
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance or directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
What’s on																			Find out what’s happening at Eden
Sermons																			Listen to and download talks from Eden
Get in touch																			Contact details and location information
Navigation:Show
Navigation:Hide
About Us
COVID-19
Who’s Who
Out of hours support
A history of Eden
Bibliography
Giving to Eden
What we believe
Eden’s vision statement
Eden’s distinctives of belief
A Firm Foundation
What do Elders and Deacons do?
Baptism
Baptism testimonies
Church membership
Why Christianity?
What we do
Sunday services
Mission
Prayer Meetings
What is Christianity all about?
Eden Christmas
For adults
House Groups
House group study materials
Christmas Wreath Evening
Explore
20s & 30s
International Women
Women on Wednesdays
Open House
Eden Café
For students
Student Night
One-to-One
Home-from-Home
Theology Breakfast
Departure
Besom Projects
Departure Nano
Children & Youth
Tiddlywinks
Discovery Club
Impact
GAP
Christmas Lights Party
Family Christmas Party
Calendar
Resources
Sermons
Other Recordings
Documents
Links
Get in touch
This site makes some use of cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here ×