http://eisnerpsychlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:
Eisner Law Firm ("Eisner Law Firm")
operates eisnerpsychlaw.com and may operate other websites. It
is Eisner Law Firm's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Eisner Law Firm collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Eisner Law Firm's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Eisner Law Firm's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Eisner Law Firm may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Eisner Law Firm also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on eisnerpsychlaw.com
blogs/sites. Eisner Law Firm only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Eisner Law Firm's websites choose to interact
with Eisner Law Firm in ways that require Eisner Law Firm to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Eisner Law Firm gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at eisnerpsychlaw.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Eisner Law Firm are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Eisner Law Firm collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Eisner Law Firm. Eisner Law Firm does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Eisner Law Firm may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Eisner Law Firm may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Eisner Law Firm does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Eisner Law Firm discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Eisner Law Firm's behalf or to provide services available
at Eisner Law Firm's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Eisner Law Firm's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Eisner Law Firm will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Eisner Law Firm discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Eisner Law Firm believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Eisner Law Firm, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Eisner Law Firm website and have supplied your email address, Eisner Law Firm
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Eisner Law Firm and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Eisner Law Firm takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Eisner Law Firm uses cookies to
help Eisner Law Firm identify and track visitors, their usage of Eisner Law Firm
website, and their website access preferences. Eisner Law Firm visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Eisner Law Firm's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Eisner Law Firm's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Eisner Law Firm, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Eisner Law Firm goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Eisner Law Firm may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Eisner Law Firm and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Eisner Law Firm may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Eisner Law Firm's sole
discretion. Eisner Law Firm encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a eisnerpsychlaw.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
Recent Posts
COVID-19 Poses Gargantuan Financial Risks Both To Individuals And Medical Establishment
Can You Sue The Local Police Department For Personal Injury?
Personal Injury Claims for Mental Health Injuries
Early Warning Signs Of Brain Injuries
Mistakes That Can Cripple Your Personal Injury Case
Categories
Definitions
Diseases
General
Medical Malpractice
Nursing Home Abuse
Recent News
Practice AreasMedical Malpracatice Overview
Brain Injuries
Birth Injuries
Mesothelioma
Nursing Home Abuse and Negligence
Personal Injury Overview
Product Liability
Wrongful Death