http://ejpevents.com/newsite2017/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy and Other Policies on EJP Events/Portland Wedding Coordinator Blog/Portland Event Planner Blog
The Portland Wedding Coordinator Blog and The Portland Event Planner Blog are owned and authored by EJP Events, an event planning firm in Portland, Oregon. All content is authored and copyrighted by EJP Events LLC unless otherwise credited; photographs are the copyright of the original artist. No content from any page of this website may be reproduced in any medium for any reason without express written permission by EJP Events.
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy and here’s how we use the information we receive on this site and at ejpevents.com:
We want to stay in touch with you, and so we offer a periodic newsletter. You may sign up for this newsletter by entering your email address in the signup box featured on the respective blogs, or at ejpevents.com. You may also receive our newsletter if we have had a previous business transaction, with us or one of our advertising partners at The Bridal Loft. We use MailChimp to send out our newsletter, and abide by their anti-spam policies. You may unsubscribe at any time to discontinue receiving news and offers by clicking the Unsubscribe box at the bottom of your newsletter. You may also change your subscription or subscribe to any of our other products by entering your email in the signup box – if you are already a subscriber, you’ll be taken to a page where you can update your information and preferences.
We do use analytical tools, such as Google Analytics, to track our generalized traffic on the site. We sometimes purchase ads on Facebook and Twitter and other social media sites in order to promote this website and its content. However, we do not collect personally identifying information through these tools, only aggregated information. For example, what sites send us traffic, and what time of day users are most likely to read our pages.  For more about how Google uses personal information, please visit their privacy policy here.
Affiliate Networks and Product Reviews
We are members of the following affiliate networks that help us to monetize our blog and recoup the time and expense spent researching and creating content:
– Share A Sale
– SkimLinks http://test.skimlinks.com
– Amazon Associates
– CJ.com by Conversant
By clicking product links within our blog posts, we are paid by the afflilate networks if you choose to later make a purchase. You are not charged a higher price than you would if you did not visit one of our partners via our affiliate link.
From time to time, we receive products that we think our readers will find interesting, and may post product or service reviews. If we received the product or service (such as a hotel stay) for free, we will always disclose that fact. We do not accept compensation in exchange for product reviews, and we don’t guarantee a favorable review. Only selected products and services are reviewed and we regret we can’t respond to all requests. If you’d like your product, service, or lodging property reviewed on EJP Events, The Portland Wedding Coordinator or The Portland Event Planner, please send inquiries to info@ejpevents.com.
Alcohol Policy
Our blogs contain party and event planning content that discusses the legal and responsible use of alcoholic beverages for events. Our event planning blogs are not intended for a minor audience. If you are under 21, please click away.
Our alcohol-related content is for educational, party- and wedding-planning purposes only and is not targeted or intended for minors.
Our alcohol-related content does not include endorsements from athletes, cartoon characters, or any other icons/people appealing to minors
Any blog post mentioning alcohol from January 2013 going forward will include a statement about drinking responsibly
Our alcohol-related content doesn’t imply that drinking alcohol can improve sexual, social, or professional standings
Our alcohol-related content doesn’t imply that drinking alcohol is relaxing or therapeutic
Our alcohol-related content doesn’t indicate that drinking alcohol in excess is good
Our alcohol-related content doesn’t show people consuming alcohol; doing anything illegal, violent, or dangerous; or being inappropriate in other ways, such as acting in a degrading manner
Our alcohol-related content doesn’t contain sexual content.
Thank you for visiting EJP Events and our Portland event and wedding planning blogs.  If you have any questions about privacy on this site or ejpevents.com, please contact info@ejpevents.com.
Data collected by EJP Events website, using WordPress and JetPack technologies by Automattic:
Data Used: The following information (made available from the visitor’s browser) is collected and sent to Automattic’s Demand Partners: IP address, geographical data (derived from the IP address), user agent, operating system, device type, unique user ID (randomly generated identifier), current URL, and IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) interest category. Log data (IP address, geographical data, user agent, operating system, device type) is stored for 30 days. The unique user ID is stored in cookies and is retained for 1 year.
Activity Tracked: Ad impressions, video-related events (i.e. pause, mute, 100% plays, etc.) or errors, and ad click events. Various cookies are used for the following purposes: delivering targeted advertisements to specific visitors, storing user identifiers, and collecting anonymous ad platform stats.
Carousel
Image views are only recorded if the site owner, has explicitly enabled image view stats tracking for this feature via the jetpack_enable_carousel_stats filter.
Data Used: If image view tracking is enabled, the following information is used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: Image views.
Comment Likes
This feature is only accessible to users logged in to WordPress.com.
Data Used: In order to process a comment like, the following information is used: WordPress.com user ID/username (you must be logged in to use this feature), the local site-specific user ID (if the user is signed in to the site on which the like occurred), and a true/false data point that tells us if the user liked a specific comment. If you perform a like action from one of our mobile apps, some additional information is used to track the activity: IP address, user agent, timestamp of event, blog ID, browser language, country code, and device info.
Activity Tracked: Comment likes.
Contact Form
Data Used: If Akismet is enabled on the site, the contact form submission data — IP address, user agent, name, email address, website, and message — is submitted to the Akismet service (also owned by Automattic) for the sole purpose of spam checking. The actual submission data is stored in the database of the site on which it was submitted and is emailed directly to the owner of the form (i.e. the site author who published the page on which the contact form resides). This email will include the submitter’s IP address, timestamp, name, email address, website, and message.
Data Synced (?): Post and post meta data associated with a user’s contact form submission. If Akismet is enabled on the site, the IP address and user agent originally submitted with the comment are synced, as well, as they are stored in post meta.
Data Used: Please refer to the appropriate Google Analytics documentation for the specific type of data it collects. For sites running WooCommerce (also owned by Automattic) and this feature simultaneously and having all purchase tracking explicitly enabled, purchase events will send Google Analytics the following information: order number, product id and name, product category, total cost, and quantity of items purchased. Google Analytics does offer IP anonymization, which can be enabled by the site owner.
Activity Tracked: This feature sends page view events (and potentially video play events) over to Google Analytics for consumption. For sites running WooCommerce-powered stores, some additional events are also sent to Google Analytics: shopping cart additions and removals, product listing views and clicks, product detail views, and purchases. Tracking for each specific WooCommerce event needs to be enabled by the site owner.
Gravatar Hovercards
Data Used: This feature will send a hash of the user’s email address (if logged in to the site or WordPress.com — or if they submitted a comment on the site using their email address that is attached to an active Gravatar profile) to the Gravatar service (also owned by Automattic) in order to retrieve their profile image.
Infinite Scroll
Data Used: In order to record page views via WordPress.com Stats (which must be enabled for page view tracking here to work) with additional loads, the following information is used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: Page views will be tracked with each additional load (i.e. when you scroll down to the bottom of the page and a new set of posts loads automatically). If the site owner has enabled Google Analytics to work with this feature, a page view event will also be sent to the appropriate Google Analytics account with each additional load.
Jetpack Comments
Data Used: Commenter’s name, email address, and site URL (if provided via the comment form), timestamp, and IP address. Additionally, a jetpack.wordpress.com IFrame receives the following data: WordPress.com blog ID attached to the site, ID of the post on which the comment is being submitted, commenter’s local user ID (if available), commenter’s local username (if available), commenter’s site URL (if available), MD5 hash of the commenter’s email address (if available), and the comment content. If Akismet (also owned by Automattic) is enabled on the site, the following information is sent to the service for the sole purpose of spam checking: commenter’s name, email address, site URL, IP address, and user agent.
Activity Tracked: The comment author’s name, email address, and site URL (if provided during the comment submission) are stored in cookies. Learn more about these cookies.
Data Synced: All data and metadata (see above) associated with comments. This includes the status of the comment and, if Akismet is enabled on the site, whether or not it was classified as spam by Akismet.
Likes
This feature is only accessible to users logged in to WordPress.com.
Data Used: In order to process a post like action, the following information is used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID, WordPress.com username, WordPress.com-connected site ID (on which the post was liked), post ID (of the post that was liked), user agent, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: Post likes.
Mobile Theme
Data Used: A visitor’s preference on viewing the mobile version of a site.
Activity Tracked: A cookie (akm_mobile) is stored for 3.5 days to remember whether or not a visitor of the site wishes to view its mobile version. Learn more about this cookie.
Notifications
This feature is only accessible to registered users of the site who are logged in to WordPress.com.
Data Used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID, WordPress.com username, WordPress.com-connected site ID and URL, Jetpack version, user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code. Some visitor-related information or activity may be sent to the site owner via this feature. This may include: email address, WordPress.com username, site URL, email address, comment content, follow actions, etc.
Activity Tracked: Sending notifications (i.e. when we send a notification to a particular user), opening notifications (i.e. when a user opens a notification that they receive), performing an action from within the notification panel (e.g. liking a comment or marking a comment as spam), and clicking on any link from within the notification panel/interface.
Protect
Data Used: In order to check login activity and potentially block fraudulent attempts, the following information is used: attempting user’s IP address, attempting user’s email address/username (i.e. according to the value they were attempting to use during the login process), and all IP-related HTTP headers attached to the attempting user.
Activity Tracked: Failed login attempts (these include IP address and user agent). We also set a cookie (jpp_math_pass) for 1 day to remember if/when a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human. Learn more about this cookie.
Data Synced (?): Failed login attempts, which contain the user’s IP address, attempted username or email address, and user agent information.
Search
This feature is only available to sites on the Professional plan.
Data Used: Any of the visitor-chosen search filters and query data in order to process a search request on the WordPress.com servers.
Sharing
Data Used: When sharing content via email (this option is only available if Akismet is active on the site), the following information is used: sharing party’s name and email address (if the user is logged in, this information will be pulled directly from their account), IP address (for spam checking), user agent (for spam checking), and email body/content. This content will be sent to Akismet (also owned by Automattic) so that a spam check can be performed. Additionally, if reCAPTCHA (by Google) is enabled by the site owner, the sharing party’s IP address will be shared with that service. You can find Google’s privacy policy here.
Subscriptions
Data Used: To initiate and process subscriptions, the following information is used: subscriber’s email address and the ID of the post or comment (depending on the specific subscription being processed). In the event of a new subscription being initiated, we also collect some basic server data, including all of the subscribing user’s HTTP request headers, the IP address from which the subscribing user is viewing the page, and the URI which was given in order to access the page (REQUEST_URI and DOCUMENT_URI). This server data used for the exclusive purpose of monitoring and preventing abuse and spam.
Activity Tracked: Functionality cookies are set for a duration of 347 days to remember a visitor’s blog and post subscription choices if, in fact, they have an active subscription.
WordPress.com Secure Sign On
This feature is only accessible to registered users of the site with WordPress.com accounts.
Data Used: User ID (local site and WordPress.com), role (e.g. administrator), email address, username and display name. Additionally, for activity tracking (see below): IP address, WordPress.com user ID, WordPress.com username, WordPress.com-connected site ID and URL, Jetpack version, user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: The following usage events are recorded: starting the login process, completing the login process, failing the login process, successfully being redirected after login, and failing to be redirected after login. Several functionality cookies are also set, and these are detailed explicitly in our Cookie documentation.
Data Synced (?): The user ID and role of any user who successfully signed in via this feature.
WordPress.com Stats
Data Used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code. Important: The site owner does not have access to any of this information via this feature. For example, a site owner can see that a specific post has 285 views, but he/she cannot see which specific users/accounts viewed that post. Stats logs — containing visitor IP addresses and WordPress.com usernames (if available) — are retained by Automattic for 28 days and are used for the sole purpose of powering this feature.
Activity Tracked: Post and page views, video plays (if videos are hosted by WordPress.com), outbound link clicks, referring URLs and search engine terms, and country. When this module is enabled, Jetpack also tracks performance on each page load that includes the Javascript file used for tracking stats. This is exclusively for aggregate performance tracking across Jetpack sites in order to make sure that our plugin and code is not causing performance issues. This includes the tracking of page load times and resource loading duration (image files, Javascript files, CSS files, etc.). The site owner has the ability to force this feature to honor DNT settings of visitors. By default, DNT is currently not honored.
WordPress.com Toolbar
This feature is only accessible to registered users of the site who are also logged in to WordPress.com.
Data Used: Gravatar image URL of the logged-in user in order to display it in the toolbar and the WordPress.com user ID of the logged-in user. Additionally, for activity tracking (detailed below): IP address, WordPress.com user ID, WordPress.com username, WordPress.com-connected site ID and URL, Jetpack version, user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: Click actions within the toolbar.
mail only: 3439 NE Sandy Blvd #110
Portland, Oregon 97232
503-284-6756
info@ejpevents.com
Privacy policy and terms of use
Wedding and Event Planning Blog Archive Wedding and Event Planning Blog Archive
Select Month
September 2020  (2)
August 2020  (2)
May 2020  (1)
April 2020  (3)
March 2020  (2)
January 2020  (5)
December 2019  (1)
October 2019  (1)
September 2019  (1)
August 2019  (1)
July 2019  (5)
June 2019  (1)
May 2019  (1)
January 2019  (1)
December 2018  (2)
November 2018  (1)
October 2018  (5)
September 2018  (2)
August 2018  (3)
May 2018  (1)
April 2018  (4)
February 2018  (1)
December 2017  (4)
November 2017  (2)
October 2017  (1)
September 2017  (2)
August 2017  (2)
July 2017  (1)
June 2017  (1)
May 2017  (2)
April 2017  (3)
March 2017  (5)
February 2017  (4)
December 2016  (1)
November 2016  (1)
October 2016  (3)
September 2016  (1)
August 2016  (1)
July 2016  (2)
May 2016  (2)
January 2016  (2)
December 2015  (1)
November 2015  (1)
October 2015  (1)
September 2015  (1)
August 2015  (1)
May 2015  (1)
April 2015  (1)
February 2015  (2)
January 2015  (1)
December 2014  (1)
November 2014  (1)
June 2014  (3)
May 2014  (5)
April 2014  (3)
March 2014  (8)
February 2014  (11)
January 2014  (7)
December 2013  (4)
November 2013  (9)
October 2013  (3)
September 2013  (4)
August 2013  (1)
July 2013  (3)
June 2013  (4)
May 2013  (4)
March 2013  (2)
February 2013  (4)
January 2013  (5)
November 2012  (4)
October 2012  (2)
August 2012  (1)
July 2012  (1)
June 2012  (2)
May 2012  (1)
April 2012  (3)
March 2012  (4)
February 2012  (3)
January 2012  (3)
November 2011  (1)
August 2011  (2)
July 2011  (2)
June 2011  (1)
May 2011  (1)
February 2011  (1)
January 2011  (3)
October 2010  (1)
July 2010  (1)
May 2010  (1)
April 2010  (1)
March 2010  (1)
December 2009  (3)
November 2009  (8)
October 2009  (4)
September 2009  (1)
August 2009  (1)
July 2009  (2)
June 2009  (1)
May 2009  (4)
April 2009  (8)
March 2009  (5)
February 2009  (6)
January 2009  (5)
December 2008  (7)
November 2008  (5)
October 2008  (4)
September 2008  (2)
August 2008  (5)
July 2008  (4)
June 2008  (1)
May 2008  (5)
March 2008  (3)
February 2008  (1)
January 2008  (3)
December 2007  (1)
October 2007  (1)
September 2007  (3)
August 2007  (2)
July 2007  (4)