http://electapope.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Electo Real Estate is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and complying with your choices. Any personal or non-personal information collected is provided voluntarily and is safeguarded according to established protection standards. Your information will not be shared, rented or sold to any third party.
Security
We take reasonable measures to secure all information and data we collect on this Site, including any contact information you provide us through the Site. Security of data for this Site is maintained by our hosting service partner through physical security systems, network security hardware, software and access rules, and certain data encryption systems.
Third Party Links
This site contains links to other web sites. If you click on a link to a third-party web site, you will be transported to that third-party web site and away from this Site. Your use of such third-party site, and any information you provide during your visit to that site, is subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third-party web site, and not this Site. Electo Real Estate is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, nor do we endorse or guarantee information they provide users.
This Privacy Policy May Change
Electo Real Estate reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and without notice to you. If our policy should change regarding the use of this information, it will be posted on the Site in an updated and revised version of this Privacy Policy.
July 30, 2016
Morgan Carter
Search for:
Recent Posts
Why You Should Hire An Independent Mortgage Lender
How You Can Choose The Very Best Canister Vacuum?
Choose The Right King Size Bed Frames & Mattresses To Suit Your Requirements
You Have Actually Chosen To Take The Plunge And Purchase Your First Swimming Pool
Decorating Ideas For Kids Room: Create A Jungle Room
Categories
Furniture & Furnishings
General
Home Appliances & Equipment
Home DIY
Interior Design
Property Finance & Mortgage
Property Management
Real Estate