https://eliewieselfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Commitment
“The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it’s indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it’s indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it’s indifference.” Elie Wiesel
Privacy Policy
The Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity is committed to maintaining the privacy of our website visitors and to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. This Privacy Policy covers our privacy practices involving information we collect online, and how we use the personal information you provide to us.
Information Collected:
The Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity collects personal information provided to us by you during any registration process, including contact information, such as your name, phone number, address, and email address, and information about your interests and preferences.
We do not collect any personal information about you when you visit the site unless you give us that information.
We will not share, or sell, e-mail addresses or other personal information provided by you.
How Information is Used:
The personal information you provide is solely utilized to process and receipt your donation, contest entry, request for more information, and general queries. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it soley for these purposes.
We may use your personal information to contact you about contest entries, awards and results of The Elie Wiesel Prize in Ethics Essay contest. All personal information is safeguarded and password protected. Comments or questions regarding your personal information, or regarding this privacy policy, can be directed to info@eliewieselfoundation.org.
Home
In the News
Awards
About
Reports
Team
Contact us
Elie Wiesel
Nobel Prize Speech
Books by Elie Wiesel
Prize in Ethics
FAQ
Contest 2021
Prize Winners
“An Ethical Compass” Book
Press Center
Corporate Partners
Conferences
Facing the 21st Century
The Anatomy of Hate
Tomorrow’s Leaders
The Future of Hope
Petra Conferences
Arts for Humanity
Humanitarian Award
Beit Tzipora Centers
Darfurian Refugees
Young Friends of EWF
Make a difference