https://elman.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyGerry Elman2019-07-28T13:54:13-04:00
Who we are
Elman Technology Law, P.C.
12 Veterans Sq., 1st Fl
Media, PA 19063   U.S.A.
Website: https://elman.com
Email: info@elman.com
Phone number: +1 610-892-9942
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available by clicking here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When you fill out a contact form on our website, we will retain the name, email address, mailing address, and phone number you provide. We may use that information to send you newsletters and information about Elman Technology Law, P.C. that we believe may interest you.  You may opt out of such communications by clicking on an unsubscribe link in the communication or sending email to news@elman.com with the subject Unsubscribe.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
For further information, click on the Cookie Statement pertinent to your location.
Cookie Statement (US)
Cookie Statement (EU)
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. Each user can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Share this:Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...
Gerry Elman has received a 2019 Martindale-Hubbell® Peer Review Rating of AV Preeminent®
Featured ArticlesRegister for Gerry Elman’s webinar on Non-Disclosure Agreements and Trade Secrets June 16Get Gerry’s slideshow here on The Topsy Turvy World of Fake Products: Catching Trademark CounterfeitersTop 6 Reasons for a Trademark SearchGoogle provides an AI engine to compose harmonies in the style of J.S. BachOur DPAC Presentation on Trade Secrets – December 18, 2018Watch Gene Dolgoff’s video on The Importance of Patents
Recent Articles
Watch Gerry Elman’s January 15, 2020 interview about intellectual property on Money-Matters TV
Register for Gerry Elman’s webinar on Non-Disclosure Agreements and Trade Secrets June 16
Gerry’s chapter on Intellectual Property Protection for Biotechnology Inventions
Are You a HIPAA Business Associate?
June 27, 2019 – Gerry Elman spoke on What Is the Internet of Things (IoT)?
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Facebook
Elman on Tech News via Twitter Tweets by @ElmanTechNews
%d bloggers like this:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Go to Top