http://emergence-international.org/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy is Emergence-International.org (the “Site”), owned and operated by Emergence International, Inc (“EI”), P.O. Box 16554, Phoenix, AZ 85011-6554. By using the Site, you consent to the collection and usage of information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important to us. Therefore, we are committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we use and safeguard the information you provide in using the Site.
What information do we collect?
“Personal Data” means the following types of information that we may gather, store, and use relating to you in order to provide you with access to the Site:
“Contact Information” means any information provided when you voluntarily contact us through our Contact Form, including, but not limited to your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address.
“Conference Registration Information” means any information provided when you voluntarily register for our annual conference through our Conference Registration page, including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address.
“Post Comments” means any information provided when you voluntarily post a comment to our site, including, but not limited to, your name and email address.
“Log Information” means information that your browser sends when you use the Site. Our servers automatically record basic information that your browser sends. These server logs may include information such as your message, Internet Protocol address, other addressing information, the date and time of your request and an authentication token used to validate your identity and that of your computer.
How do we use this information and for what purpose?
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with an efficient user experience. We may also use the information defined in this Privacy Policy to:
inform you about Site updates
inform you about our conferences and other events, promotional offers, activities, and products (When you provide EI your email address, such as when you subscribe to a newsletter, you agree that EI may use your email to send you messages about online events, promotional offers, activities, and products of this Site, and EI. You can unsubscribe or revoke your consent at any time by email to metafizz@gmail.com.)
provide the services, receipts, and any customer support you request or other services as described when we collect information
resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems
customize, measure, and improve the Site, content and layout
compare information for accuracy, and verify your identity.
combine with other information, including personal information, obtained from your other interactions with EI and its service providers, including your conference registration and payment through PayPal, website visits, or other communications. We may use this information to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Site or our other sites, and to share your information with any of our service providers in order to provide the Site or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf.
Additionally we may use your information as described below.
Registration information
We use third-party banking organizations and other providers of payment services, including, but not limited to PayPal, to process any payments, and in that case, you are providing the necessary billing information directly to such provider(s).
We respect the privacy of personal email accounts, and we will store your email addresses just as securely as other Personal Data. Your Registration Information will not be passed to third parties for their marketing purposes without your express permission. We may use email to keep you up to date with news about the Site and other products we offer. You may opt-out of receiving promotional email messages by contacting us at metafizz@gmail.com. However, we reserve the right to use email to notify you of any Site issues or of any legal assertions of rights violations related to your use of the Site.
User submissions
You agree to EI’s use of your name and other identifying information included when you post comments to the Site.
Log information
We will use this server information to assist us in providing you with a quality user experience on the Site and for our statistical information.
To whom do we transfer your personal information?
Except as provided below, we shall not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any Registration Information to any third party without your express permission, unless we are obliged to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, regulatory requests, and orders from competent authorities.
EI may supply products, subscriptions, services, and other Content appearing on or through this Site through third party service providers. Subscriptions, product sales, and donations are processed by third parties on behalf of EI, and such third parties collect and store billing and credit card information solely to process these transactions. This information will not be used for any other reason except as instructed by EI. Registration Information that you provide to EI may be sent to service providers in order to deliver the service(s) provided by them; similarly, personal information (except credit card information) that you provide to those sites may be sent to us in order to operate the Site or otherwise use according to this Privacy Policy.
We may collect anonymous, aggregated data from our Site for statistical purposes. EI may use such information to help determine ways to improve the Site. EI reserves the right to publish non-personally identifiable, summary information regarding Site visitors for informational and promotional purposes. Please note that this is not personal information, only general summaries of the activities of our visitors.
By using the Site, you consent to the information collected by us being stored and processed in the United States or any country in which we, our affiliates, or our service providers maintain facilities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may access, use, preserve or disclose any information we have access to if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation or disclosure of any information is reasonably necessary to:
Satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Enforce these Terms
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
Protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of EI, Site users or the public.
How do we protect your personal information?
We take reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information, and do not retain it any longer than permitted in order to perform our services or as required under relevant law. You should be aware that Internet communications are not always secure. Despite our best efforts, no security measures are completely effective. Therefore, we cannot promise you that third parties cannot access your Registration Information or communications with us, and you agree we are not liable for any such disclosure(s).
How long is your Personal Data kept by us?
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to:
Provide the use of the Site
Communicate with you regarding the Site or other services that we offer
Comply with applicable laws, regulatory requests, and orders from competent authorities
Fulfill any of the other purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
“Cookies” are text files stored on a user’s hard drive that are used to collect information about the user’s visits to the Site. We use cookies on our Conference Payment page, for Google Analytics, and when you post comments. Our cookies are not used to collect personal data from any user’s computer – cookies are only used in conjunction with visits within our Site.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are in use. However, it is possible that some portions of the Site will not function properly if you disable cookies. For further information on cookies and their use, see the help instructions delivered with your browser or contact the browser’s manufacturer. You can find many online resources that explain how cookies work.
How far does our responsibility extend?
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Site. We do not exercise control over nor do we accept responsibility or liability for other users or websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this Site and to read the privacy policies of other websites you visit.
Users from outside the United States
This Site is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Site, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy.
Children
The Site is not intended for persons under the age of 13. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), this Site does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If it is learned that such information has been collected without parental consent, that information will be deleted from the Site’s database as quickly as practical or the child’s parent or guardian will be contacted for consent.
We recommend minors under the age of 18 ask a parent for permission before sending personal information over the Internet. We encourage parents to teach their children about safe Internet practices and to be involved in their children’s online activities.
California Do Not Track Disclosure
Emergence-International.org does not currently respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
No rights of third parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.
Can this Privacy Policy be modified?
EI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. We will post notice of modification to the Privacy Policy on this page. Changes will become effective immediately after they are posted.
What rights do you have and how can you contact us?
If you would like to exercise your right to view, correct, complete, or remove your Personal Data, please contact us at metafizz@gmail.com. Upon verification of your identity, we will attempt to quickly fulfill your request.
Visit us on Facebook!
What is Christian Science?Learn about Christian Science onChristianScience.com! EI 2020 Conference
Zoom, Oct. 24 only
Divine Government
More Information here
EI 2015 Conference Celebrating 30 Years1985-2015Read Dr. John Near's keynote address: "A glorious day is dawning"
Search
Recent Posts
Honesty and Temporary Means
Discovering What Our Discoverer’s Words Were Meant to Mean
“Shared Death Experiences”
“Confrontation at the 1969 Annual Meeting”
How a gay soccer player was hired as first out teacher at a Christian Science school
Categories
Articles
Conference News
Daily Bread
Latest News
Testimonies
Tom Taffel Articles
Uncategorized
Web Special
Links The New York City Christian Science Group
ChristianScience.com
Archives
November 2020
October 2020
August 2020
June 2020
February 2020
January 2020
May 2019
February 2019
December 2018
September 2018
February 2018
November 2017
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
November 2011
September 2011
July 2011
June 2011
January 2011
December 2010
October 2010
August 2010
March 2010
July 2008
November 2007
July 2007
October 2006
August 2006
December 2005
November 2005
November 2004
October 2004
January 2004
December 2003
November 2003
October 2001
January 2000
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OkRead more