https://endhunger.org/financial-legal/
Financial & Legal
Board of Directors
Donor Bill of Rights
Privacy Policy
Financial and Legal Information
Resources, including IRS Form 990 and the Financial Statement, are listed below. Using the links above, you can also see our Board of Directors and National Advisory Board, our Donor Bill of Rights, and our Website Privacy Policies.
DocumentYearDownloads / LinksAnnual Report2019 PDFAudited Financial Statement2019 PDFBoard of Directors MembershipCurrent WebsiteConflict of Interest PolicyCurrent PDFIRS Form 990Current PDFProcess for Determining CEO Compensation2016 PDFRecords Retention and Destruction PolicyCurrent PDFStaff ListingsCurrent WebsiteTitle VI Nondiscrimination PolicyCurrent PDFWhistle-blower PolicyCurrent PDF
VOLUNTEER WAIVER
In the event I, or a registered family member, suffers any illness or accident requiring emergency hospitalization, medication, or other medical assistance while participating in a gleaning event, permission is given for any medical treatment which is deemed necessary and reasonable under the circumstances. I fully understand and comprehend that reasonable care will be exercised by the adult staff for this gleaning event to protect the safety of those involved. I understand that the field supervisor’s instructions must be followed at all times, and that I am responsible for any damages caused to fields, farms, or equipment by me/my family members not following these instructions.
Photos, videos, and other images in which I, or a registered family member, appear that are taken during gleanings may be used by the Society of St. Andrew for news coverage, newsletters, reports, displays, and for other print, broadcast, web, or electronic news or promotional purposes.
I do not hold the board, members, or employees of the Society of St. Andrew (SoSA,) or any volunteers liable for injury, bodily harm, accidents, or death of myself/my child during events sponsored by the Society of St. Andrew. Neither will I hold the person(s) who owns and/or operates the property from which we glean, salvage, or to which we deliver food, liable for accidents, injury, or death during the gleanings or other SoSA events.
For a PDF print version of this waiver, click here.
How the Story of the 12 Baskets is Connected to SoSA’s Name
Matthew 14:16-21
But Jesus said to them, “They do not need to go away; you give them something to eat!” They said to Him, “We have here only five loaves and two fish.” And He said, “Bring them here to Me.” Ordering the people to sit down on the grass, He took the five loaves and the two fish, and looking up toward heaven, He blessed the food, and breaking the loaves He gave them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds, and they all ate and were satisfied. They picked up what was left over of the broken pieces, twelve full baskets. There were about five thousand men who ate, besides women and children.
2 Kings 4:42-44
[…]the man of God […] said, “Give them to the people that they may eat.” His attendant said, “What, will I set this before a hundred men?” But he said, “Give them to the people that they may eat, for thus says the Lord, ‘They shall eat and have some left over.’” So he set it before them, and they ate and had some left over, according to the word of the Lord.
X
Subject:
Message:
I think you would appreciate the Society of St. Andrew. Take a look at this organization that feeds millions of hungry Americans every year. Here is the website link: https://EndHunger.org.
Send