https://endhunger.org/privacy-policy/
Financial & Legal
Board of Directors
Donor Bill of Rights
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy – Updated 05/21/2018
The Society of St. Andrew values your support and is committed to protecting your privacy.
Cookies
When you visit our site, we collect some non-identifying basic information. This includes total number of visitors, pages viewed, and other non-identifying information. We use this aggregate information to improve our site and to make your experience on our website as smooth as possible. Here are the specifics of this tracking:
CookieTypeDurationDescription
Traffic CounterPersistentOne YearThis site counts unique users per day. We store only the IP address and the date. No other information is stored. Records are deleted when more than one year old.
Donor Privacy
Donations and purchases made on-line to us are secure. They are processed through a third-party and are not processed on our website. The processor receives the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment. When you make a donation online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information. We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data. We use your mailing address to send your tax-deductible receipt(s) and we may use it to keep you informed about what we are doing through our Internet and/or print publications.
There is no need to inform us not to share your personal information. We do not trade, share, or sell a donor’s personal or financial information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. This includes the donor’s email address, physical address, and phone numbers. This policy applies to both online donors and donors whose information has been provided by other means. (If you would like to review or update your personal information in your donor profile, please call 800-333-4597.)
Your personal information is securely stored in an online CRM database. Our donor database utilizes Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption and multiple security checks on both the server and user side to ensure all data is completely protected. If you would like to learn more about our online security procedures, please call 800-333-4597.
Other organizations may also receive online donations for Society of St. Andrew. SoSA has no authority over their payment processing and donor privacy policies. These organizations may deduct administrative fees and may share contact information with other nonprofits or with advertising interests. Please verify the legitimacy and the policies of any third-party organization before making your donation to Society of St. Andrew through them.
Gleaner and Harvest of Hope Waiver Forms
These form collect significant personal information. This information is necessary for proper waivers and emergency details for volunteers. Information will be saved for 12-24 months. This information will not be shared outside the Society of St. Andrew. You may have it removed within three business days by emailing sosapr@endhunger.org or calling 800-333-4597.
Farmer, and Agency Forms
These form collect names and basic contact information. Information will be stored for 12-24 months. You may have it removed within three business days by emailing sosapr@endhunger.org or calling 800-333-4597.
Website User Privacy
We offer visitors to our web site the opportunity to order materials, to request more information about our various programs, and to volunteer. Unless otherwise indicated, we use the personal information you provide about yourself:
(a) to respond to any of your orders, inquiries, or questions about our services;
(b) to provide you additional and updated information, and materials regarding our services;
(c) to offer you other materials and/or information that we believe may be of interest to you.
We do not trade, share, or sell a website user’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. This includes the donor’s email address, physical address, and phone numbers.
In all cases, Society of St. Andrew agents, employees, and contractors who have access to personal information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We do not use for mailing purposes or correspondences any of the honoree email addresses or street addresses you submit to send honor cards.
The Society of St. Andrew will discontinue contacting any person upon that person’s oral or written request. On many emails, you may remove yourself from the list immediately by clicking a link at the bottom of the email.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child without the consent of the child’s parent(s). Children under the age of 13 should obtain parental consent before ordering material from our site.
General Cautions about Internet Use
The Society of St. Andrew takes every reasonable precaution to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of personal information. But Internet communications is sometimes compromised and the Society of St. Andrew is not responsible for damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. Furthermore, our site contains links to other websites. The Society of St. Andrew is not responsible for, nor can we ensure, the privacy practices or content of other sites.
Modification of Privacy Policy
The Society of St. Andrew may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the website. Your continued viewing of or use of this site, following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy, will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
VOLUNTEER WAIVER
In the event I, or a registered family member, suffers any illness or accident requiring emergency hospitalization, medication, or other medical assistance while participating in a gleaning event, permission is given for any medical treatment which is deemed necessary and reasonable under the circumstances. I fully understand and comprehend that reasonable care will be exercised by the adult staff for this gleaning event to protect the safety of those involved. I understand that the field supervisor’s instructions must be followed at all times, and that I am responsible for any damages caused to fields, farms, or equipment by me/my family members not following these instructions.
Photos, videos, and other images in which I, or a registered family member, appear that are taken during gleanings may be used by the Society of St. Andrew for news coverage, newsletters, reports, displays, and for other print, broadcast, web, or electronic news or promotional purposes.
I do not hold the board, members, or employees of the Society of St. Andrew (SoSA,) or any volunteers liable for injury, bodily harm, accidents, or death of myself/my child during events sponsored by the Society of St. Andrew. Neither will I hold the person(s) who owns and/or operates the property from which we glean, salvage, or to which we deliver food, liable for accidents, injury, or death during the gleanings or other SoSA events.
For a PDF print version of this waiver, click here.
How the Story of the 12 Baskets is Connected to SoSA’s Name
Matthew 14:16-21
But Jesus said to them, “They do not need to go away; you give them something to eat!” They said to Him, “We have here only five loaves and two fish.” And He said, “Bring them here to Me.” Ordering the people to sit down on the grass, He took the five loaves and the two fish, and looking up toward heaven, He blessed the food, and breaking the loaves He gave them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds, and they all ate and were satisfied. They picked up what was left over of the broken pieces, twelve full baskets. There were about five thousand men who ate, besides women and children.
2 Kings 4:42-44
[…]the man of God […] said, “Give them to the people that they may eat.” His attendant said, “What, will I set this before a hundred men?” But he said, “Give them to the people that they may eat, for thus says the Lord, ‘They shall eat and have some left over.’” So he set it before them, and they ate and had some left over, according to the word of the Lord.
X
Subject:
Message:
I think you would appreciate the Society of St. Andrew. Take a look at this organization that feeds millions of hungry Americans every year. Here is the website link: https://EndHunger.org.
Send