https://energion.co/privacy
Energion PublicationsPublishing for the creative Christian mind
Privacy
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to:
Energion Publications
P. O. Box 841
Gonzalez, FL 32560
Phone: (850) 525-3916
E-Mail: pubs@energion.com
Energion Publications is a sole proprietorship owned by Henry Neufeld, who can be contacted using the same numbers.
This policy applies to the following web sites:
http://hneufeld.com, http://energion.com, http://www.participatorystudyseries.com, http://www.energionpubs.com, and all sites operated by Energion Publications. Some sites, including our retail site Energion Direct (https://energiondirect.com), have additional site-specific notifications. A link to this document is provided for each site.
What information do we collect?
We respect each visitor’s privacy rights. We do not record any personally identifiable information when you visit our site. For customer registration, see below.
We do use cookies to track the following:
Navigation from an affiliate site. This information is stored temporarily and is used solely to count the number of visitors who navigate from the affiliate site.
For e-coupons. Some visitors to our site arrange for e-coupons. If you navigate from their site, and you allow cookies, we will maintain the e-coupon information for one hour after you first arrive on our site. The only information stored is the ID number of the e-coupone.
Navigation information needed for our shopping cart. This includes a cart ID so we can place your items in the right cart.
Google Ads and Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies on some sites (specifically Google Adsense) to serve ads when you visit some of our websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google uses the DoubleClick DART Cookie to track visitors. You may opt out of such tracking by visiting this page.
Is registration required?
You are normally not required to register in order to make an order from this site. If you choose not to register, your biling and shipping addresses will be requested when you pay via PayPal.
The following organizations are required to register: Non-profit organizations who wish to receive our non-profit discount, dealers who buy wholesale, and anyone who has established a line of credit with Energion Publications. If you do register in those cases we will not share your information with anyone. We will not sell our mailing list, and we will only contact you on legitimate issues regarding your order and your business with us.
We accept online payments through PayPal, and we respect their policies in dealing with all information we receive from them.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you choose to request e-mail notifications from us, or to request that we send you a review or evaluation copy of a book, your name and address will be collected. We use this information solely to provide you with the notifications requested or the book. We do not sell or share your information with anyone, nor do we add you to any other notification list than the one you requested.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, and their tracking information, not personally identified, is maintained by them according to their policies.
Changes
We will post any changes to our policy to this statement.
Questions or Complaints
We will respond to any complaints or issues within two business days.
Send complaints to:
Energion Publications
P. O. Box 841
Gonzalez, FL 32560
Phone: (850) 968-1001
E-Mail: pubs@energion.com
Search for:
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
Search for:
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 32 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Search for:
Search for:
Home
News
Books
Imprint: Energion Publications
Imprint: eucatastrophe press
Imprint: Enzar Empire Press
Imprint: EnerPower Press
Series
Areopagus Critical Christian Issues
Consider Christianity
Conversations in Ministry
Participatory Study Series
Topical Line Drives
Previews
Preview: Philosophy for Believers
Authors
Our Authors
Author and Friend Blogs
Info
News
Submissions
Mission
Doctrinal Statement
Discounts
Pre-Order Policy
In Ministry to Your Ministry Infographic
Social Media
Free Review or Evaluation Copies
Privacy
Featured Books
Devotionals
Diversity
Experiencing God’s Beauty
Hospitality
Missions
Prayer
Enjoying Reflections on Scripture, Dandelions, and Sparrows
Preview Reflections
Where to Buy Reflections
Contact