https://epcwest.org/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
News
The Exchange
About
History of the EPC
How to Transfer to EPC Denomination for Ministers
Process for Churches to Join the POW
Contact
Presbytery Chaplain Rev. Dr. Michael Anderson
The People of POW
Committees& Ministries
Care of Candidates
Ministerial
Session Review
Church Revitalization Team
Task Force Vision
World Outreach Home
DiscoveryWorkshops
Reformed Theology Video Lectures
Discovery Workshop Polity Videos
Resources
The Exchange
Positions Available
Minutes
Forms
Ordination Requirements
Recommended Books on Missional Ministry
Minister Directory as of May 2020
Presbytery of the West Church Directory
Find a Church By Zip Code
Special Site Features
Church Planting
Terms of Use & Privacy PolicyTerms Of Use
Your use of this website means you agree to the following terms of use (the “Terms of Use”). If you do not agree with these terms you should leave this website (the “Site”) immediately.
In no event will EPC Presbytery of the West or any of its affiliates, employees, licensors, suppliers, or distributors be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, economic, or consequential damages arising out of the use or our Service or Products, even if EPC Presbytery of the West has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will liability of EPC Presbytery of the West or any of its affiliates, employees, licensors, suppliers, or distributors exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing or using this site or our service, or purchasing or downloading products from this site.
The design or layout of EPCWest.org is protected by United States and International law and other intellectual property proprietary rights and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
EPC Presbytery of the West does not warrant that the content or functions contained in this site will be free from errors, interruptions, omissions, defects, viruses, or other damaging elements, or that EPC Presbytery of the West will correct any errors, omissions, or defects. You assume the cost of service, repairs, or corrections to your hardware, software, or other equipment.
Links To Third Party Sites
EPCWest.org provides links to third-party sites as a convenience to you. EPC Presbytery of the West does not control third party sites or links to third party sites. EPC Presbytery of the West is not responsible for the content of any linked sites. Links to third-party sites are not endorsements by EPC Presbytery of the West of such sites.
Other Legal Information
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Colorado, U.S.A. These Terms of Use contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto relating to the use of this Site and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement or understandings between the parties with respect to this Site, and cannot be changed or terminated orally. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of Use will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these Terms of Use. EPC Presbytery of the West reserves the right to terminate these Terms of Use without notice if, in EPC Presbytery of the West’s sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms of Use.
All Rights Not Expressly Granted Herein Are Reserved
By using the EPCWest.org website, you agree to comply with EPC Presbytery of the West ’ Terms of Use. If any third party brings a claim, lawsuit, or other proceeding against EPC Presbytery of the West based on your conduct or use of EPCWest.org’s service, you agree to compensate EPC Presbytery of the West (including its employees and agents) for any and all losses, liabilities, damages, or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by EPC Presbytery of the West in connection with any such claim, lawsuit, or proceeding.
Privacy Policy
EPCWest.org is a website of EPC Presbytery of the West. We hope you enjoy your visit. In order to better serve your needs and enhance your overall experience at EPCWest.org, we collect certain information about you when you visit us.
How We Protect Your Information
We employ the latest encryption and security technology and fraud detection techniques in all areas of EPCWest.org where you provide us with personal or account information. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you are sending to our server. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, download and install the latest version of your favorite browser. For privacy purposes, once you give us any information relating to you, it is stored on a highly secure server that is not accessible via the Internet.
The email addresses, postal addresses or phone numbers of those who communicate with us will not be shared with any other companies or affiliates. Customers who supply us with their email or telephone numbers when submitting an order will receive email and/or telephone contact from us regarding orders they have placed online. We may also contact you for customer service evaluations or feedback about how to improve our service.
The information we collect from customers and others who provide their contact information (eg: through free offers) is used to: improve the content of our website; customize the content and/or layout of our web pages; provide notifications of updates to our website and to communicate special offers or for other marketing purposes.
EPC Presbytery of the West will periodically collect demographic and interest category information from users via surveys. EPC Presbytery of the West customers may voluntarily provide information, including that regarding personal preferences, interests, geography, and demographics. The purpose of this data collection is to ensure that EPC Presbytery of the West customers receive only the most relevant targeted offers and information.
Links
EPCWest.org contains links to other sites not part of EPC Presbytery of the West. EPC Presbytery of the West is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Credit Card Information
Credit card information is expressly not sold to any other company for any purpose nor is it used for any other purpose by EPC Presbytery of the West. EPC Presbytery of the West employs outside credit card processing services that may only use your information for the expressed purpose of processing your order and may not share or sell your information to any other party. All transactions are handled via SSL encryption for your security.
Upcoming Events
Feb
4
Thu
2021
9:00 am
WINTER STATED MEETING FEBRUARY 4...
@ Mountain Road EPC
WINTER STATED MEETING FEBRUARY 4...
@ Mountain Road EPC
Feb 4 @ 9:00 am – Feb 5 @ 3:00 pm
The next Stated Meeting of the Presbytery of the West is scheduled for February 4-5, 2021. As of December 10, 2020, it is not determined whether this will be an in-person meeting, a hybrid meeting, or a virtual only meeting.  If it is READ MORE
View Calendar
find a church by zip
Log In
Log In
Username
Password
Remember Me
Get email alerts
Thank you for your subscription.
Your email format is wrong!
Sad, but we couldn't add you to our mailing list ATM.
Enter your email address:
Loading...
This message is only visible to admins.Problem displaying Facebook posts.Click to show errorError: Server configuration issue
Presbytery of the West, EPC
P.O. Box 1421
Parker, CO 80134
Phone: (720) 671-2305
email: statedclerk@epcwest.org
Google +1FacebookTwitter
Home
About
Contact
Terms of Use
Copyright EPC Presbytery of the West. | Website designed by BrainStormes Creative
Close