https://episcopalcolorado.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyMike O2019-01-17T14:05:22-07:00
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
How long do we keep your information?
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
We retain membership data while it is still current, donations and associated paperwork for up to 10 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
General Data Protection Regulation Act Compliance (GDPR)
The Communications Office of The Episcopal Church in Colorado is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which The Episcopal Church in Colorado holds about you;
The right to request that The Episcopal Church in Colorado corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for The Episcopal Church in Colorado to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time;
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means];
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics];
The right to lodge a complaint with the Communications Department of The Episcopal Church in Colorado.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
To exercise all relevant rights, questions or complaints, please in the first instance contact the Director of Communications, The Episcopal Church in Colorado, at Communications@EpiscopalColorado.org.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on May 25, 2018
Quick LinksOffice of the Bishop Staff
Upcoming Events
Office of the Bishop Calendar
News
Colorado Episcopalian
Diocesan Digest
Video Gallery
1300 Washington Street Denver, CO 80203
303.837.1173
Info@EpiscopalColorado.org
Translate »
Go to Top