https://epws.org/privacy-policy/
Search:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The European Platform of Women Scientists EPWS is an international non-profit umbrella organisation bringing together networks of women scientists and organisations committed to gender equality.
We are committed to the ethical processing and storage of our Members’ and website users’ data.
This Privacy Policy shares that commitment and our compliance with the privacy regulations put forth in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Contact: dpo@epws.org
Last Updated: 18th of June, 2018
This privacy policy (hereinafter, the “Privacy Policy”) applies to all personal data that the user, through this website, makes available to the European Platform of Women Scientists AISBL, headquarters at Rue d’Arlon 38, B-1000 Bruxelles, Belgium.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “User” means any person interested in the actions and publications that the European Platform of Women Scientists shares and offers through its web pages and social networks.
Your Personal Data
During your visit to this site, we will automatically collect the following personal data about you:
information about the pages you visit on this site;
date and time of your visit,
IP adress,
Web browser,
the site (URL) you visited before accessing this site and
some cookies (see below).
In addition, we will collect all information you submit to us by using the contact forms available on this site. The personal data we process in this context are:
name;
Address;
email address;
academic affiliation
In cases where we ask you to provide any personal data, there is no obligation to do so, but if you do not, you will not be able to use all the functions of our site or make use of our real estate services in general.
Cookies
This site uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small file that can be saved on your computer when you visit a website.
Cookies are generally used to provide site visitors with additional functionality within the site. They can, for example, be created to guide your visit and support your site navigation, help you stay where you are and / or remember your preferences and settings when you visit the site again.
Cookies can not access, read or modify any other data on your computer.
Most cookies used on this site are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted when you leave the website.
There are still persistent cookies, they remain on your computer until you delete them in your browser. We use persistent cookies to recognize you when you visit this site next time.
If you want to control cookies installed on your computer, you can modify your browser settings so that it notifies you when a site tries to install a cookie or it may permanently block cookies. You can also delete cookies that have already been installed on your computer.
See the ‘Help’ function in your browser for more information on how to perform these steps.
Please note, however, that disabling cookies may affect your online experience and / or prevent you from taking full advantage of our site.
For more information about using cookies and how to block them, visit allaboutcookies.org, youronlinechoices.eu (Europe).
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics, an Internet traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how you use this site. Information generated by the cookie about your use of the site will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Your IP address will be truncated by Google within a Member State of the EU or another EEA State before being transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional situations your full IP address will be transmitted to the Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use these information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity to site operators and providing other services related to the activity of the site and to the use of the Internet.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You can prevent Google from collecting information (including your address
IP) through cookies and process this information, you must use this plugin in your browser and install it: http://Tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Additional information on the terms and conditions of use and privacy ofdata can be found under the Google Analytics terms of service or the Google Analytics General Privacy Policy.
Please note that on this site, Google Analytics is supplemented by “GAT. anonymizeIp (); “To ensure the anonymous collection of IP addresses (IP mask)
How we use your Data
We use your personal data to make this website available to you as user, to generate usage statistics, to improve and develop this Web site, to respond to your requests and messages, and to send you our newsletter if you have subscribed. We do not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent.
Legal Framework
The legal basis for the processing of your data will be our legitimate interest (pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the General Data Protection, “GDPR”). You will be asked for your consent and you may withdraw it at any time. However, this does not affect the legality of processing your data based on consent prior to your withdrawal.
Data Retention
We will retain the data that we collect automatically when you visit this website for the maximum of six months. If you have subscribed to our Newsletter, we will keep your email address until we cancel your subscription.
If you are registered on our website, we will retain your data as long as your account exists and thereafter only if there is a legal obligation to retain your data.
Your Rights
The User, being the holder of the data, has the right to access all his data. It also has the right to require its limitation, rectification, opposition or legally imposed limits.
The User, as holder of the data, also has the right to withdraw its consent for the processing of the data at any time. This change in consent does not compromise the lawfulness of the treatment made on the basis of the consent previously given.
When it proves technically feasible, the User may request the portability of its data to another party responsible for its treatment, and they will be kept only for the exercise or defense of complaints.
Also for this purpose (single effects of declaration, exercise or defense of a right in a judicial process), the data may be retained when exercising some of the rights identified above.
In the event that you wish to exercise these rights or for any other additional question regarding the protection of data and its treatment, you should contact us in writing through the contact below. You will always be asked for proof of the identity of the data subject.
Contact our Data Protection Officer: dpo@epws.org
About EPWS The European Platform of Women Scientists is an international non-profit organisation that represents the needs, concerns, interests, and aspirations of more than 12.000 women scientists in Europe and beyond.
Featured
First EPWS Memorandum on Horizon Europe
05 November, 2018
Latest news
Postdoc in Machine Learning for Medical Image Analysis and PhD in Medical Image Computing with Deep Learning
03 December, 2020
IRB DREAM programme
03 December, 2020
IRB Barcelona International PhD Fellowships 2021
03 December, 2020