https://ericbarger.com/privacy.statement.htm
Home
Information Center
Newsletters
Seminars
Bookstore
Links
Privacy Statement
July 1, 2013
Our General Policy
Take A Stand! Ministries
(TASM) recognizes the importance of protecting information we may collect
from visitors to our site. Our policy is to use the information we acquire
from visitors to our sites for internal purposes only, and we maintain
appropriate security measures to keep this information private. Your
browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and
operating system you are using.
Users can visit the site
without revealing any information about themselves. If one chooses to give
us personal information via the Internet for the purposes of correspondence,
then it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information.
If users tell us that
they do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further
contact, we will respect those wishes. We do keep track of the domains from
which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and
then we discard it. We do not share information web users provide with third
parties for commercial purposes.
TASM takes precautions
to keep the user information disclosed to us secure. To prevent unauthorized
access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
If users have questions
about the types of information collected on this web site or would like to
request a correction of any information collected, then please contact us at
ebminmail@gmail.com.
Use of Cookies
TASM web site does NOT
use “cookies” to store user information. A cookie is a small string of text
that a web site can send to your browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other
data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your e-mail
address.
User Agreement
If you have any
questions about this User Agreement, contact Take A Stand! Ministries (TASM).
If you do not agree with these terms of this User Agreement, you may not use
the site. TASM reserves the right to change this User Agreement at any time
without notice
If you are not already a subscriber to Take A Stand! O N L I N E click
here!
Take A Stand! Ministries - POB 1485 - Rowlett, TX 75030
www.ericbarger.com