http://errc.org/privacy
Privacy
The European Roma Rights Centre Website is managed by the European Roma Rights Centre (ERRC). The terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy apply to all pages on the ERRC Website.
Consent
The ERRC is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our users. This Privacy Policy does not apply to pages hosted by other organisations. The ERRC Website may be linked to the websites of such other parties, but these may have their own privacy policies. By using the ERRC Website, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. The ERRC may change the terms of this Privacy Policy and such changes will be made visible on the ERRC website.  Your continued use of the ERRC Website will be on the terms of this Privacy Policy publicly available on the Website at the time of use.
Types of information collected and stored
The type and amount of information received and stored depends on your use of the ERRC Website. Most pages can be accessed without telling the ERRC who you are or revealing any personal information. The visitor IP address (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) is used to create anonymous statistics. These statistics help us understand how the ERRC Website is used and provide us with valuable information for improving it in the future.
Personal information (such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address) is only collected on the ERRC Website if you choose to provide it when donating to the ERRC and / or subscribing to our email updates.
Use of the information collected
Your personal information will be retained by ERRC and its service providers in a secure environment, will be kept confidential and will only be used for the purposes for which it is submitted, or as necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Personal information (such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address) that you provide will be used for the purpose intended (i.e. processing donations or subscribing to our email updates).
Sharing of your personal information
The information you provide will not be sold or rented or shared with third parties, unless the ERRC is required to disclose the information by law or in the following circumstances:
• Hosting and processing: the ERRC Website is hosted by a third party service provider and therefore any personal details you submit through the ERRC Website may be processed by that third party service provider. We also use other third parties to process your personal details.  For example, such third parties process donations to the ERRC on our behalf or process and forward mailing information for users who choose to subscribe to our email updates.  All of these third party service providers will process your personal information only on ERRC’s behalf.
• Payment processing and fraud: Payments and donations are managed through PayPal and are subject to PayPal’s privacy policy.
Cookies
The ERRC uses cookies and collects IP addresses. We use analysis software to look at IP addresses and cookies for the purpose of enhancing our website performance. This information is not used to develop a personal profile of users. To prevent the download of cookies or control how cookies are used on your computer, read the help information with your Internet browser software or go to: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Access to your personal information
You may have rights of access to personal information that the ERRC holds about you, to correct that information or, in some circumstances, to object to our processing of your information, under data privacy law. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have any questions about this policy, please contact: European Roma Rights Centre, Wesselényi utca 16, H-1077 Budapest, Hungary.
donate now
Challenge discrimination, promote equality
be informed
Receive our public announcements
Receive our Roma Rights Journal
news portal
The latest Roma Rights news and content online
join us
Become a part of the ERRC's activist network in Europe