https://esotericastrologer.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Esoteric Astrologer
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions are an agreement between Esoteric Astrologer and you. This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the EsotericAstrologer.org website and any of its products or services (collectively, “Website” or “Services”).
Age requirement
You must be at least 13 years of age to use this Website. By using this Website and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 13 years of age.
Products and services – refund and cancellation policy
Esoteric Astrologer undertakes astrological consultations with the understanding that there are no refunds. Due diligence is always applied to any consultation and is as thorough as possible. Astrological consultations are based upon the data supplied by the client to the astrologer. If the client has supplied the wrong data and wishes to have another reading, they will have to pay again for the astrologer’s time. If the astrologer has made an error with supplied data in chart calculation, then the consultation will be done again – for no extra charge.
All due care is taken for the shipment of books to the customer. The book is always in pristine condition and care is taken with padding and packaging for postage. After that, the responsibility lies with United States Postal Service, as Esoteric Astrologer has no control over the quality of shipment services.
Webinars are not refundable unless the facilitator cancels for some unforeseen reason. For those who cannot attend webinars on the day, they will always be available on the facilitator’s YouTube channel for all purchasers.
User content
Esoteric Astrologer does not own any data, information or material (“Content”) that you submit on the Website while using the Service. You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content.
Esoteric Astrologer may monitor and review Content on the Website submitted or created by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Website does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable.
Backups
Esoteric Astrologer performs regular backups of the Website and Content and will do our best to ensure completeness and accuracy of these backups. In the event of the hardware failure or data loss we will restore backups automatically to minimize the impact and downtime.
Links to other websites
Although this Website may link to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for their examination or evaluation, and we do not warrant the offerings of any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites.
We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third-parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site websites is at your own risk.
Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website or its Content:
for any unlawful purpose;
to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts;
to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances;
to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others;
to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;
to submit false or misleading information;
to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet;
to collect or track the personal information of others;
to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape;
for any obscene or immoral purpose; or
to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Intellectual property rights and DMCA policy
(DMCA=Digital Millennium Copyright Act)
As the Operator asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by the Site violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify the Operator in accordance with common DMCA policies. The Operator will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.
In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of the Operator or others, the Operator may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Site. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Website Operator or third-parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Website Operator. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Website Operator or Website Operator licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Website Operator or third-party trademarks.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Website Operator, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for (a): any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if Website Operator has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Website Operator and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Website Operator for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Website Operator and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third-party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website or Services or any wilful misconduct on your part.
Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Dispute resolution
The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and federal courts, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may do so via the contact form.
This Policy was created with Website Policies.
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019
Esoteric Astrologer
Please click here to report any broken links or other problems you happen to notice, much appreciated.
Esoteric Astrologer uses cookies to improve your experience, you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.