https://esotericastrologer.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Esoteric Astrologer
Privacy Policy – your privacy is important.
Overview
It is Esoteric Astrologer’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to  https://esotericastrologer.org/ (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “website”, “Esoteric Astrologer” or “https://esotericastrologer.org/”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors and Data Collection
Like most website operators, Esoteric Astrologer collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Esoteric Astrologer’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use its website. From time to time, Esoteric Astrologer may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
If we require personal information from you, you will be asked to submit it. By submitting your data you give us your consent to collect this data. In general, this data is requested when you order a horoscope, create a registered user profile or purchase a product from our shop.
Esoteric Astrologer also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://esotericastrologer.org/ blog posts. Esoteric Astrologer only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Retention of data during an order
The data that you transmit to us when placing an order is subject to retention due to our duty to preserve records. All data relevant to an order – name, address, dates of birth, email, products, payment information etc. – will be stored by us during this period.
Credit card data is never stored by Esoteric Astrologer, not even during the payment transaction, which is processed by an external payment provider. We never know your credit card number or security number.
E-mails
The services and contents of this website can be used anonymously and without registration. However, we collect your e-mail address when you place your order and/or subscribe to our monthly newsletter. We may also occasionally send you an e-mail informing you of the delivery status of a product you have requested, changes in a service you have requested or an innovation on the website, as an example.
Your email address will be treated confidentially and will not be passed on to third parties.
We send out a monthly newsletter. Sending is done via our own servers. No personal tracking is carried out. Newsletters sent by us contain a link to unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time.
How we share your data
We may share your information with third party service providers including cloud storage systems, backup service providers, support management platforms and content support teams to help us deliver our services to you. We do not authorise these companies to use your data for any other purpose.
In the event of a sale or purchase of a business or assets, we may share your data with the prospective buyer or seller in strict confidence.
We may disclose your information when we are required by law to do so. We may also disclose your information to enforce our rights or the rights of others or to assist with the detection of crime or fraud.
We may also disclose your information to ensure our services are used appropriately such as when offensive or objectionable content is posted to the forums so that we are able to stop this behaviour.
We may also disclose your information to protect our business interests where any malicious activity or threats to the website are identified.
Security
We keep your information secure when processing by use of passwords and restricting user access where access is not necessary. We also employ physical and managerial measures to safeguard your information.
While we strive to protect your Personal Information by all acceptable means, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Esoteric Astrologer and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Esoteric Astrologer may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Esoteric Astrologer may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Esoteric Astrologer does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
https://esotericastrologer.org/ does not use “Cookies”.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Esoteric Astrologer may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Esoteric Astrologer’s sole discretion. Esoteric Astrologer encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the contact form.
Privacy Policy generated by WP Legal Pages
Please click here to report any broken links or other problems you happen to notice, much appreciated.
Esoteric Astrologer uses cookies to improve your experience, you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.