https://etcc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The East Texas Crisis Center is committed to your privacy.
The East Texas Crisis Center collects and stores only the following information about you:  the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com) the date and time you access our site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked to our site.  We use the information we collect to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Use of Text, Images and Logo
If you would like to publish information that you find on our website or use our logo, please send your request to webadmin@etcc.org.
Accessibility
This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility.  We welcome your comments.  If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at webadmin@etcc.org
Use of Links
Throughout our website, we may provide links to other sites that may contain information of interest to our readers.  We take no responsibility for and exercise no control over the organizations, views or accuracy of the information contained on other sites.
Creating a text link from your website to our site does not require permission.  If you have a link you would like us to consider adding to our website, please send an email to webadmin@etcc.org with the subject “Link request.”
Website Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy.  We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.  Providing such information is strictly voluntary.  This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site. We do not store personal information on our web server after submission of any contact requests.
Information Privacy
The East Texas Crisis Center does not sell or otherwise disclose user information outside the organization.  This policy has no exceptions.  We do not sell or exchange your information with any other organization, public, private, or non-profit. We do not store personal information on our web server after submission of any contact requests/applications.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain) the date and time you access our site, and the internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content.  We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary.  You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Opt Out section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information.  We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests.  We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions.  We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear:  We will not obtain personal identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.  Providing such information is strictly voluntary.  Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested.  We do not share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply.  We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city.  When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form.  You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all.  You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form.  You cannot remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your use of this site, please contact us at webadmin@etcc.org.
No appointment necessary.
Immediate Crisis Intervention and Advocacy are available on a walk-in basis during regular office hours.
Contact us for main telephone number and office hours for each county of service.
After office hours call Hotline at 903-595-5591 or 800-333-0358
TraducciónEnglishEspañolMake a Difference TodayHow you can help
Make a Donation
Flamingos Upscale Resale
Employment
Current Needs Food donations and other items are needed for our shelter. Please see our Wish List
for current items needed.
United Way
A
Member Agency
Facebook
Facebook
X