https://eth-s.org/main/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – End-Time Handmaidens and Servants Intl.
870-446-2252
End-Time Handmaidens and Servants Intl.
0 items - $0.00
Make a Donation!
Home
Shop
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Customer Service
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Blogs
Daily Devotionals
Israel
Sharon
Prophetic Words
Events
Sons of God Solemn Assembly – 2020 – September 11-13
Livestreaming
Media
Livestreaming
YouTube Channel
Facebook Page
Israel
Israel Pictures
Archives
Quarterly Letter
Archived Magazines
Contact
Stay in touch! Subscribe to our mailing list.
About Us
Sharon Buss – Our President
Gwen Shaw – Our Founder
Engeltal–Our Headquarters
What is an End-Time Handmaiden?
What Is an End-Time Servant?
What We Believe
End-Time Handmaidens/Servants Vows
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. We will not share your information with others without your consent. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Share
Social MediaSearch
Search for:
Copyright © 2000-2019 End-Time Handmaidens Inc. End-Time Handmaidens, Inc. is registered as a Domestic Non-Profit Organization in the United States Your donations are tax-deductible under Sec. 170, Internal Revenue Code. -
Designed by WPlook Studio