https://ethicalstl.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentThank you for visiting our website. The Ethical Society of St. Louis values your privacy. For this reason, we have established policies concerning the gathering and dissemination of data and information on this website and to inform you of choices you can make to safeguard your online privacy.By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed at any time but will be promptly posted on our website. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.Website Statistics GatheringWe maintain this website as a service to our members and visitors. Like many websites, this one utilizes Google’s software to gather information, such as your anonymized IP address, browser type, hits on particular pages, and other general traffic information to help us make this site better for our users. You remain anonymous since this information is not linked to any of your personally identifiable information and your IP address is also anonymized.Information We CollectWe do not request any personally identifying information to allow use of this web site.We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., only when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request and only that request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example, to add you to one of our mailing lists.Embedded Content From Other WebsitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Third-Party Data CollectionFor the protection of our members and website visitors, we make every effort to ensure that our business partners enforce safe Internet policies. However, only you can judge whether or not you feel comfortable on any website.We use PayPal for online payment processing, which is done totally on the PayPal website. We don’t have access to your credit card information and only receive the information necessary to process the service you requested, such as your name and address, which is used for internal purposes only to process the services your requested.Ethical Society of St. Louis is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online in public places – for example, in a blog post or comment, on our Facebook pages, or other social networking sites – that information can be collected and used by others external to the Ethical Society of St. Louis. By disclosing personal information publicly online, you may make that information available to others who may use it to send you unsolicited messages or for other purposes you may not desire or intend.Commitment to PrivacyYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. We will not share your personal information with third parties, unless required by law, such as in criminal investigations. You can opt out of all emails and newsletters from this site.Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email for the office.Updated: 25-May-2018