https://etiquetteexpert.com/privacy-policy/
Close Skip to the contentCartMy account
Close Menu
AboutVirtualCoachingShow sub menuTrain the TrainerMentor ProgramSpeakingBlogStoreContactPrivacy PolicyEffective date: December 1, 2020 Jacqueline Whitmore (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the etiquetteexpert.com website (the “Service”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from etiquetteexpert.com .DefinitionsServiceService is the etiquetteexpert.com  website operated by Jacqueline Whitmore Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device). Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data. Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.Information Collection And UseWe collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.Types of Data CollectedPersonal DataWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:Email addressFirst name and last nameAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage DataWe may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send. Usage DataWe may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Use of DataJacqueline Whitmore uses the collected data for various purposes:To provide and maintain our ServiceTo notify you about changes to our ServiceTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our ServiceTo monitor the usage of our ServiceTo detect, prevent and address technical issuesTo provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such informationLegal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Jacqueline Whitmore legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Jacqueline Whitmore   may process your Personal Data because:We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsTo comply with the lawRetention of DataJacqueline Whitmore will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Jacqueline Whitmore will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.Transfer Of DataYour information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Jacqueline Whitmore will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.Disclosure Of DataLegal RequirementsJacqueline Whitmore may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of Jacqueline WhitmoreTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liabilitySecurity Of DataThe security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Jacqueline Whitmore   aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Jacqueline Whitmore relied on your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).Service ProvidersComments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.  Contact forms We keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.  Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.  Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.  Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/  Marketing We may use third-party Service Providers to send emails and market our Services. Constant ContactWhen you sign up to receive emails from us on our website, your name and email address is sent to our third-party vendor, Constant Contact and stored on their servers. For more information on the privacy practices of Constant Contact, please visit the Constant Contact Privacy Terms  webpage here: https://www.constantcontact.in/legal/privacy-statement  Payments We use Paypal as a payment processor and when you purchase an item from our site, your data is passed to Paypal’s secure servers. None of your information for payments is store on our website. For more information on the privacy practices of Paypal, please visit their Privacy Terms here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullLinks To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:By visiting this page on our website: https://etiquetteexpert.com/contact/Cookie PolicyWe use cookies on our site (etiquetteexper.com) and the subdomains associated with etiquetteexper.com (“our site”) for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services. Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.  You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.  FIRST-PARTY (IT GOVERNANCE LTD) COOKIESThis website will set some cookies that are essential for the website to operate correctly. These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, are as follows: Visitor ID – this cookie is a numeric value that identifies unique visitors and provides coherence and consistency to a site visit; Page Number – this cookie identifies the page you are on; Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session; Test – this cookie checks whether or not your browser supports cookies; Order – this cookie ensures that your shopping basket works correctly.  THIRD-PARTY COOKIESOur websites will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them. The third-party cookies which may be set include: Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data may include some personally identifiable information such as IP address, city, state, browser type, device being used, length of time on site. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Twitter – we use Twitter, so if you click on one of the twitter posts in the sidebar, twitter records that as a “visit”. You can view the Twitter Privacy Policy here: https://twitter.com/en/privacy Facebook – we use Facebook sharing and timeline widget, so if you click on one of the Facebok posts in the sidebar, Facebook records that as a “visit”. You can view the Facebook privacy policy here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Share This – we use ShareThis sharing, so each person that shares a blog post will have a tracking cookie enabled for where they share content. You can view the ShareThis privacy policy here: https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/ Statcounter –  we use Statcounter to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Statcounter  Privacy Policy here: https://statcounter.com/about/legal/ You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Master your Mingle-Ability eBookDownload my free eBook and get the clarity and confidence to network and create lasting relationships with anyone, anywhere, anytime.First Name *Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toThe Protocol Post
E-Newsletter Yes, I would like to receive Jacqueline's monthly Protocol Post newsletter. Don’t want it? You can always unsubscribe in one click.Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: The Protocol School of Palm Beach, Post Office Box 1135, Mount Dora, FL, 32756, http://www.etiquetteexpert.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant ContactBy using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.