https://euuc.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Congregation8109 224th St SW, Edmonds, WA 98026(425) 778-0373
Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Congregation
Gathering Together, Nurturing the Spirit, Living Our Vision of a Just and Sustainable World
Facebook
Directions
Search
Give
Login
Online Sunday Service:
10:00 AM
Home » Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Approved: 5/24/18 Policy #00007
It is the policy of the Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Congregation (“EUUC”) to protect personal privacy. Use of the EUUC website(s) (www.euuc.org) (“website(s)”) and social media platforms indicates acceptance of the EUUC Privacy Policy. The Privacy policy applies
to any person or entity directly or indirectly using the Site, platforms, and/or services offered by EUUC.
EUUC owns the information on our website(s) and social media platforms. EUUC collects personally identifiable information when you use the website(s) and when you visit the website(s) pages. EUUC will not sell or rent personally identifiable information to anyone, and it will not disclose any collected information to others.
EUUC automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, EUUC cookie information, and the page you requested.
Personal information
This policy applies to membership lists (The Directory), the church newsletter (The Communicator), both online and paper, our electronic bulletin (This Week at EUUC), website content, social media platforms, and other publicly accessible information. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, family members’ names and ages, home and cell phone numbers, address and email addresses. These will not be released to the general public without prior knowledge and written approval. EUUC provides members’ names, birthdates, addresses and phone numbers to the Unitarian Universalist Association for purposes of dissemination of its quarterly magazine “The World”. Release of an individual’s personal information to other members of the congregation, shall be considered on an individual basis in accord with this policy. Children’s and Youth’s names, contact information, birthdates and ages should not be posted on the website(s), social media platforms, or in electronic documents. If a published document needs to refer to a specific youth, please use their initials only. For example, if the youth credo statements are posted on the website, the only identification of the author would be by that child’s or youth’s initials.
Changing Your Information
You can update your personal information by contacting the EUUC office.
Links
The website(s) and social media platforms may contain links to content not managed by EUUC. EUUC is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites and social media platforms that do not belong to EUUC.
Cookies
EUUC employs the use of Cookies to collect information about users and their use of EUUC’s website(s) and social media platforms. “Cookies” are small computer files that EUUC transfers to your computer that allow EUUC to know how often you visit the Site and the activities you conduct while on the Site. Third parties, such as advertisers, may also use Cookies when you select their advertisement or links from the Site. However, EUUC has no access to or control over those Cookies.
Jurisdiction: Governing Law
Our website(s) and social media platforms are owned and/or controlled by EUUC from its offices at 8109 224th St SW, Edmonds WA 98026. They can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as other countries around the world. As each of these places and jurisdictions has laws that may differ from those of the State of Washington, by accessing these website(s) and social media platforms, both you and EUUC agree that said use shall be deemed and treated as though they were entered into, executed, and performed solely in Snohomish County, State of Washington, and the statutes and laws of the State of Washington, without regard for conflict of law rules thereof, apply to all matters relating to use of these website(s) and social media platforms. You agree by use of these website(s) and social media platforms to submit to jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Washington with appropriate subject matter jurisdiction, and that any conflict brought or filed with respect to use of these website(s) and social media platforms shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Snohomish County, Washington. If any legal action is brought, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recovery of costs, fees and expenses of such action, including without limitation attorney fees and accounting fees.
Section Navigation
Featured Upcoming ServiceOn Chanukah and Other Miracles12/13/2020 10amRev. Cecilia KingmanFirst Time Visitor?Upcoming ServicesService Archive Useful links:
Give
Email Web Manager
Room Calendar
News Categories
News
Social Justice
Advocates for Women
Funding Justice
Serving our Community
Social Justice Reading Circles
Sunday Offering
Transforming Our World
Climate Justice
Racial Justice
Reviving Democracy
This Week at EUUC
Uncategorized