https://evolvingsouls.com/terms/
Terms of Use
EvolvingSouls.com
Terms of Use
This page displays our Disclaimer and Copyright Policy.
Disclaimer
The information, practices and techniques described in this website are not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical or psychological advice.
The information, practices and techniques described in this website are not intended for self-diagnosis or self-treatment, and should not be used to diagnose or treat mental health problems.
Please consult a qualified health care professional about any medical or psychological issues.
We are not qualified to give medical or psychological advice, so please do not ask.
The information, practices and techniques described in this website are for educational purposes only.
If you decide to utilise any of the information, practices or techniques described in this website, you do so at your own discretion.
We are not responsible for any adverse effects or consequences resulting from the use of any of the information, practices or techniques described in this website.
If any adverse effects are encountered, stop immediately and seek professional advice.
Your Agreement: By using this website you are agreeing to this disclaimer.
Copyright Policy
All the material (text, diagrams, etc) within the EvolvingSouls.com website is copyrighted.
Quotations: Quotations from this website of up to 500 words may be used on other websites for review purposes only, provided they are properly cited and accompanied by a hyperlink to the appropriate page on EvolvingSouls.com or the EvolvingSouls.com home page. The use of over 500 words on any one website requires express permission from us.
Articles: The articles on this website may be saved and/or printed for personal use only. Entire articles from this website may not be used on other websites without express permission from us. If permission is granted the article must be properly cited and accompanied by a hyperlink to the appropriate page on EvolvingSouls.com or the EvolvingSouls.com home page.
Diagrams: Diagrams from this website may be used on other non-commercial websites provided they are properly cited and accompanied by a hyperlink to the appropriate page on EvolvingSouls.com or the EvolvingSouls.com home page. No more than 3 diagrams may be used on any one website.
Hotlinking: Hotlinking to images on EvolvingSouls.com is not permitted and will be considered as bandwidth theft.
Printed Publications: Material (text, diagrams, etc) from this website may not be used in any printed publication (book, magazine, newspaper, journal, etc.) without express permission from us.
The Media: Material (text, diagrams, etc) from this website may not be used in any way by the media (television, radio, websites, etc.) without express permission from us.
Copyright Requests: If you have a copyright request please contact us and be sure to title your email “Copyright Request”. If you do not receive a reply from us within 14 days you can assume your request has been unsuccessful and that we have not granted you permission to use our material.
Changes to this Policy: We may from time to time revise this privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions.
Your Consent: By using this website you are agreeing to abide by this copyright policy.
Latest update: 28th August 2019
The Science of Spirituality Awakening to Wholeness
Previous: Home
Next: Privacy Policy