https://face2face.org/about/privacy-policy/
Call 651.772.5555
Find us
Find Support
How We Help
Youth Drop-In Center
Medical Care
Emotional & Mental Health
Meet our Counselors
Sexual Health
Frequently Asked Questions
Help Young Adults Like You
Get Involved
Donate Now
Holiday Giving
Donate Supplies
Community Giving Circle
Volunteer
Events Calendar
About
Mission & Values
Meet our Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
News & Updates
Reports & Financials
Privacy Policy
Contact
General Contact Info
Frequently Asked Questions
Patient Portal
Volunteer
Call to Pay Your Bill
Donate
Privacy Policy
Face to Face knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.face2face.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
The main points
We use your contact information for in-house purposes only, and do not sell, rent, trade, or share any information about you with third parties.
What personal information does Face to Face gather?
Information you give us
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, including subscribing to our mailings or e-newsletter, donating to us, or completing forms on our website. We ask for personal information so that we can fulfill your request and return your message. If you choose not to provide any of that information, we may not be able to fulfill your request or complete online acceptance of your donation, but you will still be free to browse the other sections of the websites owned and administered by Face to Face.
Donations
Donations made online to Face to Face are made through Little Green Light, Inc., from which we collect personal information such as your name, billing address, and email address, if you have not already provided these details. We collect information about your donation, including the amount of your donation.
Donor Privacy
Face to Face may collect and store personally identifiable information (including, but not limited to: name, address, telephone number, and email address) that you have provided to us when you contact us in person, by phone, or by email. We collect your name, email address, and other contact information if you register for an event. We also collect your name, email address, telephone number, and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, at a special event, over the phone, or by mailing in a check. The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by Face to Face. This information may be utilized to send donor acknowledgements, additional mailings, and/or solicitations.
Periodically, Face to Face publishes lists of individuals and organizations that have supported it through contributions of cash or cash equivalents, goods or services, or volunteer time. Face to Face will provide all donors an opportunity to state that they prefer to remain anonymous and will make every reasonable effort to comply with the donor’s request.
Face to Face will follow appropriate practices to ensure that all contribution transactions are conducted in a secure manner and that all data related to donors is stored securely. Access to donor information will be limited to the Executive Director, Development Department staff, designated individuals in the Finance Department, and designated on-site consultants. Face to Face will not sell, rent, trade, or share donor-related data with any third-party person or organization.
Discontinue contact policy
Individuals and organizations may request, verbally or in writing, to have their names, postal addresses, and email addresses removed from solicitation lists and other lists. Face to Face will confirm and comply with all such requests promptly. It is important to note that some requests may be received at a time when it is too late to stop a specific distribution project that is in process.
Links to other websites
The Face to Face website may contain links to third-party websites, including nonprofits and other organizations. Face to Face is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of such websites.
Email communications
Face to Face publishes an e-newsletter on a periodic basis. You may subscribe to or unsubscribe from the email list at any time. Occasionally we may send announcements about Face to Face to the mailing list. We do not sell, rent, trade, or share our email list.
Automatic information
When you visit the Face to Face site, our servers make a log of basic information corresponding to the sites and pages you have visited. This information is stored primarily to track the effectiveness of our websites and individual sections and pages within them. At this time our general website does not use cookies (alphanumeric identifiers that can be stored by a visitor’s browser to identify them on a future visit, or during a single visit).
How secure is my information?
All computers that receive or store personal information are secured by firewalls and other security measures. Additionally, sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures, to provide an additional level of security.
Conditions of use and revisions
If you have concerns about privacy on the Face to Face website, please send us a note at hello@face2face.org, and we will try to resolve it as soon as we can. Changing business practices and circumstances may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this website.
Contact us with any questions:
Face to Face
Attn: Privacy Request
1165 Arcade Street
St. Paul, MN 55106
hello@face2face.org
651-772-5563
Dive Deeper
Meet our staff
Privacy Policy
Leadership team
Board of directors
Employment
Reports & financials
Get Face to Face Updates! Subscribe
What we do
Face to Face supports youth ages 11 to 24 with health care, mental health services, and basic needs services for youth experiencing homelessness. We serve over 3,000 youth every year.
Learn more
FAQ What if I have no money or insurance?
Am I the right age to get help?
What medical services do you offer?
Why go to SafeZone?
Can I get help if I am not homeless?
Can I get counseling?
Find answers
Transparency Face to Face has received GuideStar’s Platinum Seal of Transparency – the highest level of recognition from this organization.
Click to view Face to Face‘s   GuideStar profile.
Call 651.772.5555
Arcade Location Health Clinic & Admin Offices
1165 Arcade Street
Saint Paul, MN 55106
Hours & directions
SafeZone Drop-In Center
130 East 7th Street
Saint Paul, MN 55101
Hours & directions
Copyright © 2017 - 2020 Face to Face
Made with a Copilot
MENU Donate
Face to Face
Call 651.772.5555Find Support
Youth Drop-In CenterMedical CareEmotional & mental HealthSexual Health
Help Young Adults Like You Back
Frequently Asked Questions Back
Get involved
Donate NowHoliday GivingDonate SuppliesVolunteerEvents Calendar Back
About
Mission & VisionLeadership TeamMeet our StaffEmploymentBoard of DirectorsNews & UpdatesReports & FinancialsPrivacy Policy Back
Contact
Make Payment Back
× Close Panel
X
As the Holidays get closer, Face to Face wants to ensure that all youth have the things they need to stay safe, healthy, and warm. Visit our Holiday Giving page to learn how you can get involved!
Share the Warmth this Holiday Season!