http://factorllc.com/privacy_policy_and_disclosure.htm
Privacy Policy and
Disclosure
Owner
The website you were
viewing and upon which you clicked the link titled, "Privacy
Policy and Disclosure", is owned by Factor LLC;
a New Jersey, USA company business entity.  For ease of reference and
definition, the company name, its Internet presence and the website you are
currently viewing may be referred to as, "our company", "our website", "this
website". "our",  and "we".  This document is titled, "Privacy Policy and
Disclosure"; however, we refer to it simply as "Privacy Policy" in the following
paragraphs for sake of a shortened reference.
Notice
1) The privacy practices set forth in this
privacy policy are for this website only. If you follow links to other websites
not owned or controlled by our company or our website, please review the privacy
policies posted at those websites; that is, each of the individual websites you
follow to.
2) The title headings used in this document
are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or describe
the scope or intent of this document or any particular paragraph hereof, nor the
proper construction hereof.
3) The governing law shall be governed by,
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we use
personal information collected at this website and its Internet presence. Please
read this privacy policy before using our website or submitting any personal
information. By using this website, you are accepting the practices described in
this Privacy Policy and Disclosure. We reserve the right to change this Privacy
Policy and Disclosure at any time. You are encouraged to review the Policy and
Disclosure whenever you visit this website to make sure that you understand how
any personal information you provide will be used.
Disclaimer
All material on this website is provided for
general information purposes only and does not constitute medical, legal,
financial, or other professional advice on any subject matter.
The material displayed on this website may
not be accurate.
Affiliate Disclosure
Some of the links on this website are
affiliate links, which means that the owner of this website or related party,
may earn a commission if you click on the link or make a purchase at a third
party website after using the link.
Order Form and Information Request forms
On a few of our websites, we provide Order
Forms or other forms requesting information from its customers and users.  You,
as a visitor to these websites are not required to fill in any form with any
information.  However, if the website you are visiting requires an order form be
filled in, in order for you to place an order, it is your decision to complete
the entry of the form to provide us with the information needed to process your
order.
Log Files
Like most standard websites, this website
uses log files. These include: Internet Protocol addresses (IP addresses),
browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform
type, date/time stamp, and the number of clicks to analyze trends, administer
the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally
identifiable information
Links
This website contains links (also known as
hyperlinks) to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for
the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you, when you leave this
website, to read the privacy policy (or privacy statement) of each and every
website you visit, as this particular privacy policy applies solely to this
particular website.
Advertisers
We use outside advertising networks and
companies in order to display ads on this site. These ads may contain cookies
and/or web beacons in order to collect data in the ad serving process. These
such cookies and/or web beacons are collected by the companies and/or
advertising networks, themselves. We do not have any access to this information.
We may currently work with several
advertising networks and companies, such as: Google Adsense. If you have any
questions, please check their websites for their respective privacy policies.
For example, Google has it's own Privacy and Terms page (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)
you  may wish to visit.  All companies having Privacy and/or Terms policies
usually reserve their rights to update and modify their policies at any time.
You should therefore review it's most current policies.
Third-Party & Sponsor Ads
Text and image ads that may appear on this
site are third party or sponsor ads. Although we allow the ads to be placed and
displayed on this website, we do not always endorse the products or services
they offer.
Third Party Collection of Data
This site's web pages display some content
and/or advertising which is directly served or delivered by third parties, such
as Amazon.com and Google.com. These advertisements are delivered through script
code in this site's web pages source code, which cause your computer to request
the advertising information from the third party's server. These third parties
usually deliver a cookie to your computer, and log your request activity in
their log files.
Third Party Web Site Destinations
This web site includes a multitude of web
links (also known as hyperlinks) to other web sites operated by many other
individuals, companies, and organizations. Almost all of those sites use cookies
and log files to track your activity, and some may also utilize other strategies
to track and monitor your use of their web sites. Some of the links to external
web sites pass through intermediaries such as Linkshare.com (also known as
linksynergy.com), ShareASale.com and Commission Junction (cj.com), which also
track your click, store a cookie, and transfer your request to another web
server. These intermediaries (and their cookies) are later checked if you make a
purchase at the third party destination website, and if so, the intermediary
stores information about that transaction so that the third parties can account
and pay us an advertising fee in exchange for directing customers to their
websites. Some merchants share aggregate purchase information with us; for
example, Amazon.com reports the specific items that were purchased by consumers
that were referred from this website; we use this information when updating this
website's content and advertising. However, these third-party merchants do not
usually share any personal identifying information with us.  A few merchants
such as CafePress.com do make personal identifiable information available to us,
but  the information is limited and used primarily for the purpose of
identifying a particular order.  This personal information is not used for
contacting the buyer nor do we sell this information.
Web Cookies and Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user?s computer for
record-keeping purposes. This site does not place or retrieve tracking cookies.
However, as noted above, when some third-party advertisements are displayed at
this site and when you click on external web links, persistent cookies are used
by those third-party sites (and some aggregate data made possible by use of
those persistent cookies is used by this owner of this web site.) You can
configure your web browser to block any "third-party cookies," or to block all
cookies (but by doing so, you will likely be unable to use certain features on
other web sites). You can remove persistent cookies by using utility software or
by following directions provided in your Internet browser?s ?help? file.
Third-party web sites may also track and cross-match your cookie and
"clickstream" data with other data you disclose to those third party web sites
(for example, Amazon.com stores information about the pages you view and the
products you buy, to suggest other related merchandise which may interest you).
Web cookies (also known as HTTP cookies, or
just cookies) are parcels of text that are sent by a server to a Web browser,
and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server.
In other words, a cookie is a piece of data stored on a user?s computer that is
tied to information about the user.
Web beacons are objects that are embedded in
a webpage or email that are invisible to the user, but allow checking that a
user has viewed the page or email. Other names are web bug, tracking bug, tag or
page tag.
This website does use cookies. Additionally,
some of our business partners may use cookies and web beacons as well. This site
has no access to, or control of advertisers? web cookies or web beacons.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so
through your individual browser options. Please check your browser?s help
section for instructions on how to do this.
This website may be using  Google Analytics
to help analyze how visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses "cookies",
which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet
log information and visitor behavior information in an
anonymous
form.
For more information on the Google Analytics
security and privacy principles, please visit the following link to Google where
they summarize the steps taken to help keep your data protected.
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Dynamic Information Display
This website may be dynamically displaying
information.  This website may be utilizing the services of a third-party
organization to dynamically display the information (including images, text and
hyperlinks) on the pages of this website.  Companies and other organizations
that provide dynamic display information for this website may be collecting
basic log information as well as appending a tracking code for our website
account and its record keeping.
Legal Disclaimers
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting
us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or
required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or
potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which
has already taken place.
We reserve the right to disclose any
information in our "log files," as required by law and when we believe that
disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial
proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
We may also be bound by our agreement with
our domain registrar and bound by our agreement with our website server hosting
company to provide information to others whether it be under our control or
under their control.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information
submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to
use commercially acceptable means to protect any information gathered in our
"log files," we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  We therefore do not
guarantee, warranty, promise or make for certain that human or technological
mistakes may happen, or that our website and its related logs and other
information will not be "hacked", stolen, used or abused by third parties
outside of our control or its intended use or purpose.
Change of Ownership
In the event that this website, or it's parent company, goes through a business
transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or
a portion of its assets, the information collected by this website will likely
be among the assets transferred.  It is also likely that this Privacy Statement
and Disclosure would be modified and updated.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If this site decides to change its privacy policy, those changes will be posted
to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this
privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Contact Information
Should you have any questions or comments,
please feel free to contact us by emailing to privacy@factorllc.com and please
identify the website you are referring to.
This document was last revised and updated on
1/30/2017.