https://factuk.org/2020/04/13/help-needed-to-end-the-legal-limbo-of-those-released-under-investigation/
FACT
Supporting
victims
of false allegations of abuse in an occupational setting
Make a Donation
Home
About Us
Who Are We
Our Origins
Our Beliefs
Our Values
Abuse – Zero Tolerance
Not just for Carers and Teachers
Advisory Group
A Decade of Service
Submissions to Government Bodies and Public Inquiries
FACT Constitution with Amendments
What We Do
Support
Raising Awareness
How to Cope
The suffering of the wrongfully accused
How to cope with the psychological impact of a false allegation
Other resources to help you cope
Resources
Books
Briefing Papers
Disclosure
FACTion Newsletter
FACTsheets (information sheets)
Getting insurance if you have been convicted
Help with housing
How to fund your legal action with “CrowdJustice”
How to claim court expenses and legal costs if you are acquitted
Other helpful organisations
Get Involved
Full Membership Form
Associate Membership Form
Friend of FACT
Donate
Blog
General News
FACT News
Privacy Policy
Contact
Help needed to end the ‘legal limbo’ of those released under investigation
April 13, 2020
The Home Office are once again reviewing the operation of police bail, after the changes brought about under the 2017 Policing and Crime Act have raised disquiet in various quarters. From the point of view of FACT and the falsely accused, our main concern is that many of our members, after arrest, are left in ‘legal limbo’, and the changes brought about by the Act, instead of improving matters, have made the situation worse, with the police releasing people ‘under investigation’ (RUI) to unlimited time spans.
For those who are concerned about the greater use of RUI following legislative changes to the use of police pre-charge bail, there is an opportunity to have your say in response to the Government Consultation Report, from the Police Powers Unit. Here is a link to the consultation document: ‘Police Powers Pre-charge Bail – Government Consultation’
The closing date is 29th May 2020
You can respond to the questions in this consultation online at:
www.gov.uk/government/consultations/police-powerspre-charge-bail.
Alternatively, you can send in electronic copies to: pacereview@homeoffice.gov.uk;
or Alternatively, you may send paper copies to:
Pre-charge Bail Consultation Police Powers Unit, 6 Floor Fry 2 Marsham Street, SW1P 4DF
For guidance, please see below an edited version of an Example Response provided by one of our supporters, to exemplify relevant arguments. We would ask you to use this as a guide, not a cut and paste exercise. Note that in this example, Question 12: ‘Your Experiences’ is positioned ahead of the other questions. This is because the Q12 answers help to put into context the specific or brief comments in answer to earlier questions, and also relate to ‘conditions’ on bail and their link with search warrants. The particular experiences of the supporter have been removed from the Q12 section of the attached document to avoid identification, but the respondent spent over a year on pre-charge bail before being charged, tried and found not guilty on all counts. You need to put your own experiences into this section’.
Example of Response to the Consultation on Pre-Charge Bail
Related
« The Late Simon Warr     Coping Strategies for the Wrongfully Accused »
Helpline 0800 009 6843
Email FACT secretary
Download FACTsheets
Search for:
Forthcoming Events
Covid update
Due to the ongoing Covid pandemic we are still not holding any public meetings. As soon as it is safe again, we hope to reinstate our regular conferences. Watch this space.
[…]
Recent Posts
How Wrongful Allegations Can HappenFake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret BarristerCarl Beech Loses Appeal to Reduce SentenceNew guidance for police investigating non recent sexual abuse offers little hope for the wrongfully accused
Contact Details Helpline: 0800 009 6843
FACT Secretary & General enquiries:
sec@factuk.org
0844 3510126 (check call charges with your provider. Secretary will call you back if you leave a brief message)
FACT, 83 Ducie Street, Manchester, M1 2JQ
(IMPORTANT, write FACT in the address)
Privacy Policy and Data Protection We take protection of your data and privacy very seriously. Please read details of our policies here.
Important Research
The Impact of Being Wrongly Accused of Abuse in Occupations of Trust: Victims’ Voices
More about this important research paper from Oxford University Criminology Department.
Download Summary [102 KB PDF]
Download Full Report [679 KB PDF]
Recommended Books
Fake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret Barrister
The Secret Barrister,
Stories of the Law and How It’s Broken
Follow FACTUK on TwitterMy Tweets
Important
F.A.C.T. is a UK-wide voluntary organisation run by lay people. It exists to support carers, teachers, other professionals (and their respective families) who have been falsely accused and/or wrongly convicted of abuse or misconduct.
The views expressed in these pages are merely opinion. Any help that we give is provided on the basis of members' experience of relevant issues which may, or may not, suit individual circumstances. Visitors who rely on any information do so at their own risk.
F.A.C.T. accepts no responsibility for the way in which anyone viewing this site may wish to interpret and/or use the contents or information contained herein.
If you have been falsely accused of abuse or misconduct you should immediately seek advice from a competent and experienced solicitor and continue to do so throughout the investigative period.
Powered by WordPress | Sitemap | Log in
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MoreCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.