https://factuk.org/how-to-claim-court-expenses-and-legal-costs-if-you-are-aquitted/
FACT
Supporting
victims
of false allegations of abuse in an occupational setting
Make a Donation
Home
About Us
Who Are We
Our Origins
Our Beliefs
Our Values
Abuse – Zero Tolerance
Not just for Carers and Teachers
Advisory Group
A Decade of Service
Submissions to Government Bodies and Public Inquiries
FACT Constitution with Amendments
What We Do
Support
Raising Awareness
How to Cope
The suffering of the wrongfully accused
How to cope with the psychological impact of a false allegation
Other resources to help you cope
Resources
Books
Briefing Papers
Disclosure
FACTion Newsletter
FACTsheets (information sheets)
Getting insurance if you have been convicted
Help with housing
How to fund your legal action with “CrowdJustice”
How to claim court expenses and legal costs if you are acquitted
Other helpful organisations
Get Involved
Full Membership Form
Associate Membership Form
Friend of FACT
Donate
Blog
General News
FACT News
Privacy Policy
Contact
How to claim court expenses and legal costs if you are acquitted
This page is advice kindly submitted by one of our members and describes their experience of claiming back some of the costs of defending their innocence in court
•	Since our acquittal in March 2016 we have spent 4 months chasing the expenses that the judge ordered that we could claim, and our solicitors have applied for the equivalent
of what legal aid costs would have been if they had been awarded. None of this information is easily available, so we think this short note may help people who are in the same situation as us. Keep receipts for everything you spend.
•	Since the abolition of the Defendant’s Cost Order in 2012, there are new sets of rules about how privately paying acquitted defendants (who have been refused legal aid) can get some of their costs and expenses back. The most important thing is that Immediately on being found not guilty your barrister applies to the judge for your expenses and costs to be awarded (so the judge still makes a defendant’s cost order), and should also ask for these to cover your appearances in magistrates’ court. If the latter is not done, you will not get legal costs re this, but you can claim for expenses to the magistrates’ court separately.
Expenses
•	Your out of pocket expenses can be reclaimed using an ordinary witness expenses claim form which you can get from the Crown Court office.
•	We claimed for a taxi back home from the custody suite as it was nowhere near any public transport, and we had no money with us (as advised on arrest at home). They paid this.
•	Mileage: mileage from home to court, to meetings with your solicitor and barrister, to police stations for bail surrender, can all be claimed. There are 2 rates: the basic one is 25p per mile, but if you have comprehensive car insurance it is 45p per mile (no one tells you this, so claim 45p and scan/copy a copy of your insurance and attach to the application).
•	Motorway tolls were paid
•	Subsistence is paid
at £26 per person per day
•	Hotel expenses are paid to a maximum of £65 per person per night. Only one night is allowed for every day in court (so we were expected to drive 280 miles to court, book a hotel to be in court at 9 in the morning, and even if only released at 5, so then drive 280 miles home!)
•	2nd class Train fares are fully covered
•	The cost of evidence letters, such as a letter from the GP, is not covered.
Your Witnesses
•	Your witnesses of fact can claim expenses on the same rates as above, but not character witnesses.
Legal Costs
If you have been turned down for legal aid by both the magistrates’ and crown courts, you seem to be able to claim a proportion of your legal costs, but these are paid at the equivalent of legal aid rates. There is a form 5911 (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/apply-for-criminal-court-costs-from-central-funds-form-5911) which must be submitted by your solicitor within 3 months of the date that the court made the costs order (probably the date you were acquitted)
I cannot work out how our barrister’s costs were calculated, but the following rates apply to solicitors:
1.	Reading disclosures				£48.36 per hour
2.	Preparing bail applications			£48.36 per hour
3.	Attendance at court where a barrister is
Instructed						£38.55 per hour
4.	Travel								45 p per mile
5.	Travel time						£22.58 per hour
6.	Waiting time in court				£22.58 per hour
7.	Letters, faxes. E-mails etc
£3.15 per item
8.	Parking						covered.
You can see why legal aid firms are disappearing!
Helpline 0800 009 6843
Email FACT secretary
Download FACTsheets
Search for:
Forthcoming Events
Covid update
Due to the ongoing Covid pandemic we are still not holding any public meetings. As soon as it is safe again, we hope to reinstate our regular conferences. Watch this space.
[…]
Recent Posts
How Wrongful Allegations Can HappenFake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret BarristerCarl Beech Loses Appeal to Reduce SentenceNew guidance for police investigating non recent sexual abuse offers little hope for the wrongfully accused
Contact Details Helpline: 0800 009 6843
FACT Secretary & General enquiries:
sec@factuk.org
0844 3510126 (check call charges with your provider. Secretary will call you back if you leave a brief message)
FACT, 83 Ducie Street, Manchester, M1 2JQ
(IMPORTANT, write FACT in the address)
Privacy Policy and Data Protection We take protection of your data and privacy very seriously. Please read details of our policies here.
Important Research
The Impact of Being Wrongly Accused of Abuse in Occupations of Trust: Victims’ Voices
More about this important research paper from Oxford University Criminology Department.
Download Summary [102 KB PDF]
Download Full Report [679 KB PDF]
Recommended Books
Fake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret Barrister
The Secret Barrister,
Stories of the Law and How It’s Broken
Follow FACTUK on TwitterMy Tweets
Important
F.A.C.T. is a UK-wide voluntary organisation run by lay people. It exists to support carers, teachers, other professionals (and their respective families) who have been falsely accused and/or wrongly convicted of abuse or misconduct.
The views expressed in these pages are merely opinion. Any help that we give is provided on the basis of members' experience of relevant issues which may, or may not, suit individual circumstances. Visitors who rely on any information do so at their own risk.
F.A.C.T. accepts no responsibility for the way in which anyone viewing this site may wish to interpret and/or use the contents or information contained herein.
If you have been falsely accused of abuse or misconduct you should immediately seek advice from a competent and experienced solicitor and continue to do so throughout the investigative period.
Powered by WordPress | Sitemap | Log in
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MoreCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.