https://factuk.org/privacy-policy-and-data-protection/
FACT
Supporting
victims
of false allegations of abuse in an occupational setting
Make a Donation
Home
About Us
Who Are We
Our Origins
Our Beliefs
Our Values
Abuse – Zero Tolerance
Not just for Carers and Teachers
Advisory Group
A Decade of Service
Submissions to Government Bodies and Public Inquiries
FACT Constitution with Amendments
What We Do
Support
Raising Awareness
How to Cope
The suffering of the wrongfully accused
How to cope with the psychological impact of a false allegation
Other resources to help you cope
Resources
Books
Briefing Papers
Disclosure
FACTion Newsletter
FACTsheets (information sheets)
Getting insurance if you have been convicted
Help with housing
How to fund your legal action with “CrowdJustice”
How to claim court expenses and legal costs if you are acquitted
Other helpful organisations
Get Involved
Full Membership Form
Associate Membership Form
Friend of FACT
Donate
Blog
General News
FACT News
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy and Data Protection
On 25 May 2018 the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into force (replacement for the Data Protection Act 1998). FACT has to ensure that all “personal data” collected is properly managed and stored.
What this means
Your data is kept and stored in a way which is lawful and compliant with the Data Protection Laws.
As a non-profit organisation which does not share your data FACT has no requirement to register with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO)
You can check the standards required at the above office https://ico.org.uk/
What is personal data?
Personal data is: ‘anything that can identify an individual’. For example: name, date of birth, phone number, email address, postal address, job references, DBS checks, etc.
What data does FACT hold?
The only data we hold is what is on the membership form for Full Members, Associate Members, and Friends of FACT. This includes, name, address, contact email, contact telephone and status of membership. We also hold a confidential mailing list of those members in prison which is used for sending newsletters and cards.
What is it used for?
To contact members to offer them information and support.
Data Privacy
Our Privacy Notice is as follows
“Under GDPR we will obtain your consent to securely hold your personal data; we don’t keep anything longer than necessary; you can request removal of your data”. We do not share your data.
Consent
At FACT this has been something which you all have consented to when you filled in the original application form. At present our membership data is kept on an on-line professional data management company called ‘membership mojo’,
at https://membermojo.co.uk/fact which you can log on to yourself to see what data is stored and change or remove this.
Details of how to do this can be located at the membership website and their data policy statement and privacy compliance is also available there. We also hold an encrypted older version of an Excel membership list on a USB stick. This is retained by the Secretary.
On each person’s electronic membership form is a new box which will need to be ticked headed ‘Data Agreement’. Because you have already consented to your data being stored this will be done on renewal of yearly membership.
Policy
This is our initial compliance notice and this policy may be updated in the future as we develop ways to keep things as secure as possible.
If you have any concerns then please contact us by email to sec@factuk.org
B Hudson
Secretary. FACT
Helpline 0800 009 6843
Email FACT secretary
Download FACTsheets
Search for:
Forthcoming Events
Covid update
Due to the ongoing Covid pandemic we are still not holding any public meetings. As soon as it is safe again, we hope to reinstate our regular conferences. Watch this space.
[…]
Recent Posts
How Wrongful Allegations Can HappenFake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret BarristerCarl Beech Loses Appeal to Reduce SentenceNew guidance for police investigating non recent sexual abuse offers little hope for the wrongfully accused
Contact Details Helpline: 0800 009 6843
FACT Secretary & General enquiries:
sec@factuk.org
0844 3510126 (check call charges with your provider. Secretary will call you back if you leave a brief message)
FACT, 83 Ducie Street, Manchester, M1 2JQ
(IMPORTANT, write FACT in the address)
Privacy Policy and Data Protection We take protection of your data and privacy very seriously. Please read details of our policies here.
Important Research
The Impact of Being Wrongly Accused of Abuse in Occupations of Trust: Victims’ Voices
More about this important research paper from Oxford University Criminology Department.
Download Summary [102 KB PDF]
Download Full Report [679 KB PDF]
Recommended Books
Fake Law: The Truth About Justice in an Age of Lies, by The Secret Barrister
The Secret Barrister,
Stories of the Law and How It’s Broken
Follow FACTUK on TwitterMy Tweets
Important
F.A.C.T. is a UK-wide voluntary organisation run by lay people. It exists to support carers, teachers, other professionals (and their respective families) who have been falsely accused and/or wrongly convicted of abuse or misconduct.
The views expressed in these pages are merely opinion. Any help that we give is provided on the basis of members' experience of relevant issues which may, or may not, suit individual circumstances. Visitors who rely on any information do so at their own risk.
F.A.C.T. accepts no responsibility for the way in which anyone viewing this site may wish to interpret and/or use the contents or information contained herein.
If you have been falsely accused of abuse or misconduct you should immediately seek advice from a competent and experienced solicitor and continue to do so throughout the investigative period.
Powered by WordPress | Sitemap | Log in
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MoreCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.