http://fairparkchurch.com/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Business
Guides & Tips
Management
Savings
About
Contact
Search
Home
Contact
Home
News
Business
Guides & Tips
Management
Savings
About
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
fairparkchurch ("fairparkchurch")
operates https://fairparkchurch.com and may operate other websites. It
is fairparkchurch policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, fairparkchurch collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. fairparkchurch purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how fairparkchurch visitors use its website. From time to
time, fairparkchurch may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
fairparkchurch also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://fairparkchurch.com
blogs/sites. fairparkchurch only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to fairparkchurch websites choose to interact
with fairparkchurch in ways that require fairparkchurch to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that fairparkchurch gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://fairparkchurch.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with fairparkchurch are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, fairparkchurch collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
fairparkchurch. fairparkchurch does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
fairparkchurch may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. fairparkchurch may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, fairparkchurch does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
fairparkchurch discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on fairparkchurch behalf or to provide services available
at fairparkchurch websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using fairparkchurch websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. fairparkchurch will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, fairparkchurch discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when fairparkchurch believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of fairparkchurch, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an fairparkchurch website and have supplied your email address, fairparkchurch
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with fairparkchurch and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. fairparkchurch takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. fairparkchurch uses cookies to
help fairparkchurch identify and track visitors, their usage of fairparkchurch
website, and their website access preferences. fairparkchurch visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using fairparkchurch websites, with the drawback that certain features
of fairparkchurch websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If fairparkchurch, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that fairparkchurch goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of fairparkchurch may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by fairparkchurch and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, fairparkchurch may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in fairparkchurch sole
discretion. fairparkchurch encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://fairparkchurch.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Creative Saving12 of the Best Cabinet Organizing Products from AmazonThe Top 3 Reasons Your Planner Isn’t Working For You (And How to Fix it)The Meal Plan Rotation Hack that will Save You TimeAll the Best Tips to Declutter Your Beauty StashHow to Declutter Your Wedding Dress (With No Regrets!)The Budgeting App That Will Make Managing Your Money Crazy SimpleHow to Make Perfect Strawberry & Cream MuffinsHow to Cut Your Bullet Journaling Time in Half (With Printables!)How to Create the Craft Closet Of Your DreamsThe Pomodoro Technique: How to Do More in Less TimeMOST POPULAR
Tips That Will Land You The Best Criminal Lawyer in Australia
September 30, 2019
5 Reasons To Call a Professional Plumber Instead of Attempting DIY...
May 2, 2020
How to Manage Your Investments the Wise Way
November 19, 2016
Ways Investors Can Recognize and Avoid Security Fraud
May 8, 2020
Load more HOT NEWS
Bad Credit Card Loans Overview
3 tips to help you get the most of out of...
How to apply for a loan: A starter guide
5 Reasons To Call a Professional Plumber Instead of Attempting DIY...
EDITOR PICKS
Reasons for Considering a Water Damage Restoration Company
July 13, 2020
Ways Investors Can Recognize and Avoid Security Fraud
May 8, 2020
5 Reasons To Call a Professional Plumber Instead of Attempting DIY...
May 2, 2020
Pages
About
Contact
home
News
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
POPULAR POSTS
Bad Credit Card Loans Overview
March 4, 2019
How to apply for a loan: A starter guide
April 24, 2017
Investing the Smart Way
November 25, 2016
Recent Posts
Reasons for Considering a Water Damage Restoration Company
Ways Investors Can Recognize and Avoid Security Fraud
5 Reasons To Call a Professional Plumber Instead of Attempting DIY Fixes
3 tips to help you get the most of out of a personal loan
Tips That Will Land You The Best Criminal Lawyer in Australia
POPULAR CATEGORYFinances8Guides & Tips8Business7Investment Management3Savings3sticky2
ABOUT USFOLLOW US
Home
Contact
©
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok