https://familylives.org.uk/how-we-can-help/useful-links/
Home
Press
Work for us
We build better family lives together
Email us for support askus@familylives.org.uk
Email us for support
Helpline 0808 800 2222
keywords
Advice
Pregnancy and baby
Pregnancy/Birth
Sleep
Feeding
More >>
Early years development
Singing with your baby
Learning and play
Health And Development
More >>
Primary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Secondary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Teenagers
Communicating with teenagers
Behaviour
Health and wellbeing
More >>
Bullying
General advice
Cyber bullying
Bullying at school
More >>
Your family
Family life
Wellbeing
Parenting
More >>
Divorce and separation
Thinking about divorce
Coping with Holidays
Shared parenting
More >>
How we can help
Confidential helpline
Forum Community
Live online chat
Welsh Language Helpline
In your area
Parenting advice videos
Online parenting courses
For professionals
Useful links
Forum Read Only
Leaflets
Get involved
Donate now
Christmas appeal
Volunteer for us
Fundraise for us
How your support helps
Become a corporate supporter
Meet our corporate partners
Leave a gift in your will
About us
Our vision, mission and history
Contact us
Send us your feedback
Work for us
Our services
Our patron and trustees
Senior Leadership Team
News, blogs and reports
Press
Accounts and reports
Volunteer for us
Chat to us online
Mon-Fri 1.30-5.30pm
Donate now
to support families
Helpline 0808 800 2222
Home›How we can help›Useful links
How we can help
Confidential helpline
Forum Community
Live online chat
Welsh Language Helpline
In your area
Parenting advice videos
Online parenting courses
For professionals
Useful links
Forum Read Only
Leaflets
Useful links
Find more information about different organisation which can provide support and advice with specific issues such as self harm, domestic violence, bereavement and pregnancy.
Covid-19 resources - for families
Family support and advice
Coping with family life during the Covid-19 lockdown
Covid-19 Track and Trace information from the NHS
Supporting your teen's emotional health during the Covid-19 lockdown
Supporting your teen's mental health during the Covid-19 lockdown
Parenting teens during the lockdown
Finances and money
Find out what help you can get if Covid-19 is affecting your work or finances from Turn2Us
Money Advice Service - specific information if you have to take time off because of Covid-19 or your income has dropped
Money Saving Expert - information on getting travel refunds and more
Food
Foodbanks - use the Trussell Trust to find out where your nearest foodbank is
'Which' provides a handy summary of supermarket hours and information on shopping during lockdown
How to make meals that only cost £1 from chef Miguel Barclay
BBC budget meals recipes
Government guidance
What you can and can't do during lockdown
Home learning
Starline - a national home learning helpline offering expert information and advice to parents and carers
Languages
Find advice about Covid-19 in other languages
Mental health
Every Mind Matters - find out how to support your mental health if you are worrying about Covid-19
Mental Health Foundation - Living with the pandemic if you already have mental health problems
Relationships
Some tips from Relate on maintaining your relationship with your partner during lockdown
Domestic abuse - information from the Government on support for victims of domestic abuse during lockdown
Women's Aid - Covid-19 resource hub providing advice and support for anyone experiencing domestic abuse
Covid-19 resources - for children
Explaining the virus to children
Tips from the BBC on explaining the virus to children and answering their questions
Worksheet to help you explain the virus to young children
Staying active
Join The Body Coach Joe Wicks for virtual PE classes every morning at 9am
Education - reading, writing, activities etc
BBC Bitesize has information for all ages and brings you three new lessons every weekday with videos, activities and more
Big History Project - aimed at secondary age children
CBeebies Radio - listening activities and learning for younger children
David Walliams reads some of his books
Nature activities with the Woodland Trust
See the animals at Edinburgh Zoo through their webcams
National Geographic - quizzes and activities for younger children
Abuse
Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre  - working across the UK to tackle child sex abuse and offering parents advice and support.
Child Protection Resource - resources and support for everyone involved in the child protection system in the UK.
Childline   - free, 24 hour helpline for children and young people in danger or distress.
Everyman Project   - aims to help men change their violent or abusive behaviour.
MOSAC  - support for all non-abusing parents and carers whose children have been sexually abused. Provides support, advice, information and counselling.
NAPAC - support for people abused in childhood
NSPCC - advice on child abuse and cruelty.
NSPCC - What can I do - Protecting your child from sexual abuse - link to PDF document from the NSPCC about protecting your child from sexual abuse.
NSPCC - Child Abuse - Parents tell their own stories about Child Abuse - parents tell their own stories about Child Abuse
NSPCC Cymru/Wales - Helpline – 0808 800 5000 which offers help and advice. Bilingual Welsh/English service.
Safeguarding Wales - The Wales Safeguarding Procedures (WSP) provide advice to support consistent and evidence based safeguarding practice for practitioners across agencies and in local safeguarding boards in Wales.
Stop it Now! - aims to prevent child sexual abuse by increasing public awareness and empowering people to act responsibly to protect children.
Think U Know - come in to find the latest information on the sites you like to visit, mobiles and new technology. It is also a place to report online abuse.
Womens Aid - support for women experiencing physical, emotional or sexual violence in the home.
Addiction
AL Anon - is there for anyone whose life is or has been affected by someone else's drinking
Alcohol Education Trust - support young people to enter adulthood having a healthy relationship with alcohol. They engage pupils before they begin drinking, help them build resilience skills, know how to avoid risky situations and learn how to look after themselves and each other.
ATSAC - is a not-for-profit organisation that provides information and support on sex addiction and compulsivity
Big Deal - is a project run by GamCare for young people to get help for gambling addiction
Drinkaware - provides information on alcohol to consumers to allow them to make informed decisions about the effects on lives and lifestyles.
FRANK - free confidential advice and information on drugs 24 hours a day.
Gamcare - information, advice and practical help in relation to gambling.
Gamfam - provides advice and support if you are worried about gaming addiction.
Relate - support service for sexual addiction
Release - information and advice on drugs and the law.
The National Association for Children of Alcoholics - providing information, advice and support for everyone affected by a parent's drinking
We are with you - provide free, confidential support with alcohol, drugs or mental health in one of our local services or online.
Adoption
Adoption UK - is a national charity run by and for adopters, providing self-help information, advice, support and training on all aspects of adoption and adoptive parenting.
Coram BAAF - is an independent membership organisation for professionals, foster carers and adopters, and anyone else working with or looking after children in or from care, or adults who have been affected by adoption.
PAC-UK - provides support and advice to families regarding adoption including an advice line, training and more.
Advice - general
Adviceguide - Adviceguide is the online CAB service that gives you information on your rights for all four UK countries, and on a wide range of topics, including benefits and employment, and debt and legal issues. Some content is in Welsh, and also ethnic community languages.
ConnectFutures - an independent social enterprise bringing people together to build trust and collaboration between organisations and their clients, using research, facilitation and training.
Educate against Hate - gives parents, teachers and school leaders practical advice on protecting children from extremism and radicalisation.
Bedwetting
ERIC - ERIC is a UK charity, Education and Resources for Improving Childhood Continence.
Bereavement
Child Death Helpline - frreephone service for anyone affected by the death of a child.
Child Bereavement UK - support families and educate professionals when a baby or child of any age dies or is dying, or when a child is facing bereavement
The Compassionate Friends - support and friendship to parents and families after the death of their child, at any age and from any cause
Cruse Bereavement Care - nationwide bereavement support and information.
NHS Helping Hand publication - Support for someone who has lost a loved one to suicide.
Rosie Crane Trust - provide a number of services aimed at supporting bereaved parents including a 24 hour helpline.
SANDS (Still birth and neonatal death society) - support for those affected by the stillbirth or death of a baby in the early weeks of life.
Saying Goodbye - this is the web site for the Saying Goodbye services, the first national set of remembrance services for people who have suffered miscarriage, early term loss or early infant loss.
UK Sobs - meet the needs and overcome the isolation experienced by people over 18 who have been bereaved by suicide.
Winston's Wish - support children and their families through grief after the death of a parent or brother or sister.
Black and Ethnic Minority (BAME)
Equality and Human Rights Commission - creating a fairer Britain, this website takes a look at your rights.
NSPCC - the NSPCC offers multi-lingual helplines for the UK's BME communities.
Race Equality Foundation - the Race Equality Foundation promotes race equality in social support (what families and friends do for each other) and public services (what 'workers' do with people who need support).
RYICO - Provide teaching resources made up of varied activities that use art, audio, movement, games, and group discussion to tackle issues raised in Anti-bullying Week, Black History Month and Refugee Awareness Week.
Southall Black Sisters - information and resources for women, particularly Asian women experiencing domestic violence. Also offers immigration advice and advice on other matters relating to relationship breakdown.
Bullying and Harrassment
ACAS - (Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service) aims to improve organisations and working life through better employment relations.
Anti-bullying Alliance - is a coalition of organisations and individuals working together to stop bullying and create safe environments in which children and young people can live, grow, play and learn.
Bullying UK – part of Family Lives. Provides help on all forms of bullying - at school, cyberbullying, racism, homophobia, bullying in sport etc.
Childnet International - information, advice, resources for children, parents and getting the most out of new technology and safe and responsible us.
EACH - Education Action Challenging Homophobia - challenges homophobia, specifically homophobic bullying, through education.
Kidscape - anti-bullying helpline for parents.
Red Balloon - Provide an 'intensive care' full-time education for children aged between 9 and 18 who are unable to go to school because they have been severely bullied or who have suffered trauma.
Schools out  - provides a support network to raise the issue of homophobia in schools
STANCE - the comprehensive 'Whole School' resource pack for addressing homophobic bullying.
Stonewall - working for positive change for gay lesbian and bisexual people in the UK with an education program: Education for all
Suzy Lamplugh Trust -  (National Stalking Helpline) exists to ensure that what happened to Suzy does not happen to anyone else. We do this by Campaigning, Educating and Supporting people.
Childcare
Family and Childcare Trust - national childcare charity working to promote high quality affordable childcare for all.
Support and advice for children and young people
Anti Knife Crime Campaign - provides advice, ideas, support and resources for local anti knife crime
BROOK - free and confidential sexual health advice and contraception to young people up to the age of 25.
ChildLine - free, 24 hour helpline for children and young people in danger or distress.
Coram Always Heard Advocacy Service - A support service providing advocacy for children/young people.
Kooth.com - A unique service that provides vulnerable young people, who have emotional or mental health problems, with support when they need it most.
Careers Advice Service - help and information for young people 13-19 years.
The Hideout - Women's Aid have created this space to help children and young people to understand domestic abuse, and how to take positive action if it's happening to you.
The Mix - (formerly Get Connected) provides young people with help on finding a service to help them, whatever the problem.
National Youth Advocacy - advocacy services for children and young people up to the age of 25.
NSPCC - National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The Hideout - provides indirect and informal support to children and young people living with domestic violence or those who may want to help a friend. Also signposts to additional help and direct support.
Vinspired - is the UK's leading volunteering charity for 14 - 25 year olds. vinspired helps young people to make their mark on causes that they care about, whilst learning new skills and talents along the way.
Young Carers: Action for Children - advice, support and information for children and young people who have a caring responsibility for someone in their family.
Youth Access -  is the national membership organisation for young people's information, advice and counselling services. Our projects and activities ensure that links are fostered and sustained between the different sectors impacting on our members’ work with young people.
Counselling
British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy - provides lists of counsellors in your local area.
Counselling Directory - work closely with counsellors, psychotherapists and our visitors, to provide the very best service. They have over 10,000 qualified counsellors listed with them.
Marriage Care - relationship support service including couples counselling, relationship and marriage preparation. No fixed charge, contribution-based
NHS Therapy - refer yourself directly to a psychological therapies service without seeing your GP
PACE - free counselling, support and advice over the phone and face to face, to all family members, whatever their age and sexuality.
RSCPP - Connecting users to therapists across the UK. Have advice pages that are helpful too.
Relate for Parents - Help with family life and parenting and access to a free counsellor online.
Relate - relationship counselling offered through regional centres.
Tavistock Centre for Couple Relationships - consultation and psychotherapy services for couples seeking help with their relationships.
Thecoupleconnection.net - information and resources to parents who want to change their relationship for the better.
Crime
Anti Knife Crime Campaign - provides advice, ideas, support and resources for local anti-knife crime.
Gangsline - is a non-profit organisation to provide help and support to young men and women involved in gang culture.
Lawstuff - provides free legal information to children and young people
National Information Centre on Children of Offenders - Supporting all professionals to work with  offenders’ children and their families.
PACT - is a national charity that provides support to prisoners, people with convictions, and their families.
Rape Crisis (England and Wales) - provides coordination for the national network of Rape Crisis Centres across England and Wales. Rape Crisis Centres provide a range of specialist services for women and girls that have been raped or experienced another form of sexual violence - whether as adults or as children.
Victim Support - information and support for people who have been affected by a crime.
Dads
Dads Info -promotes fatherhood in all its aspects where fathers can share ideas find information and learn about parenting.
DaddiLife - a parenting website for dads with lots of information, advice, features and a place where dads can learn, grow and celebrate the life that is dad.
Families Need Fathers - information and support on shared parenting following separation or divorce.
Families Need Fathers because both parents matter Cymru (Wales) - is a charity which supports dads, mums and grandparents to have personal contact and meaningful relationships with children following parental separation.
Separated Dads - being separated from your kids can be hard if you're a dad. This website helps with ideas on how to cope when you are together or apart.
Disabilities and learning difficulties
Action on Hearing Loss - raise awareness of hearing loss and offer support and information.
Appcessible.org - a database of useful mobile and tablet apps, specifically, apps that are designed to help users with additional needs and disabilities.
Ambitious about Autism -  is the national charity for children and young people with autism. We provide services, raise awareness and understanding.
Carers UK -provides information and advice to carers of children and adults with disabilities.
Challenging Behaviour Foundation - provide practical information for families and professionals about understanding and supporting children and adults whose behaviour challenges.
Contact Cymru (Wales) - is an organisation dedicated to helping families who care for children with any disability or additional need.
Contact a family - provides support and advice to parents of disabled children.
Dial UK - information, advice and practical assistance for disabled people and their families.
Disability. Pregnacy and Parenthood International - information and enquiry service on all aspects for pregnancy and parenthood.
Disablity Rights UK - works to create a society where everyone with lived experience of disability or health conditions can participate equally as full citizens.
dysTalk - information on specific learning disabilities and advice on how parents can optimise their child's learning.
Equality and Human Rights Commission - creating a fairer Britain, this website takes a look at your rights. A website with the aim of sharing information for independent living.
National Autistic Society - advice and support for children and adults with Aspergers syndrome and autism - visit the site to see whether there is a centre near you.
NDCS - National Deaf Children's Society is a charity for deaf children and their families.
RNIB - Royal National Institute of the Blind which helps living with sight loss.
Scope - support and advice to people with cerebal palsy and their families.
Sibs - for people who grow up with a brother or sister with special needs, disability or chronic illness. Also has useful information for parents of children with special needs.
SNAP Cymru - offers information and support to families of children and young people in Wales who have special educational needs. Advice and information available on the website in English and Welsh.
Special Needs Jungle - provides parent-centred information, news, special needs resources and informed opinion about SEND and disabilities.
Tourettes Action - works in England, Wales and Northern Ireland and is the leading support and research charity for people with Tourette Syndrome and their families.
Divorce and separation
Association for Shared Parenting -  promote the child’s right to the love and nurture of both parents after separation or divorce and to encourage and support parents in the fulfilment of that right.
CAFCASS - looks after the interests of children involved in family proceedings. It works with children and their families, and then advises the courts on what it considers to be in the children's best interests.
Family Mediators Association - The Family Mediators Association is a registered charity which offers family mediation to private clients outside the court system.
Families Need Fathers - information and support on shared parenting following separation or divorce.
MATCH - provides emotional support to mothers whose children have been separated from them.
National Association of Child Contact Centres - provides safe places where children of separated families can spend time with one or both parents.
National Family Mediation - mediators helping parents who live apart stay close to their children.
Oxfordshire Family Mediation - support children and adults, with or without children, when they are dealing with the fall-out before, during and after separation.
Parenting Together – Supporting Children Through Separation (Wales) - This is a simple and effective guide designed to help separated parents understand how to work together to identify what their children need most and support them through a separation.
Separated Dads - being separated from your kids can be hard if you're a dad. This website helps with ideas on how to cope when you are together or apart.
Separated Families - working with everyone affected by family separation to bring about better outcomes for children.
Sorting out separation app - helping you make the right decisions after divorce or separation
Money Advice Service: Divorce and Separation - a comprehensive guide to managing the financial aspects of divorce, as well managing debt
Domestic violence and abuse
Everyman Project - aims to help men change their violent or abusive behaviour.
Family Rights Group - for mothers who are involved with Children's Services because their children are (or may be) harmed by experiencing and/ or witnessing domestic violence. -
Live Fear Free (Wales) - providing help and advice about violence against women, domestic abuse and sexual violence.
Men's Advice Line - Men’s Advice Line: a confidential helpline for any man experiencing domestic violence and abuse from a partner or ex-partner.
Respect - our vision is to end violence and abuse in intimate partner and close family relationships.  Our key focus is on increasing the safety and well-being of victims by promoting, supporting, delivering and developing effective interventions with perpetrators.
Respect Not Fear - if you are a young person and are worried about your relationship then try to talk to someone you trust about what you are experiencing.
The Hideout - provides indirect and informal support to children and young people living with domestic violence or those who may want to help a friend. Also signposts to additional help and direct support.
National Centre for Domestic Violence - provides a free, fast emergency injunction service to survivors of domestic violence regardless of their financial circumstances, race, gender or sexual orientation.
Women's Aid - support for women experiencing physical, emotional or sexual violence in the home.
Drugs
Community for Recovery - the first national support network for anyone whose life is affected by solvent or volatile substance abuse.
Frank - everything you need to know about drugs, they have helpline and livechat.
Know the score - Scotland’s drug information website.
Eating disorders
Beat  - helpline for parents and young people.
National centre for eating disorders - advice and support.
HENRY (Health Exercise Nutrition for the Really Young) – A charity offering programmes and online resources for parents of 0 to 5 year olds to help provide a healthy start in life for young children. Programmes cover how to juggle life with young children, how to respond to their needs without giving in to demands, tips to reduce mealtime stress, active play to help children learn, food groups, food labels, portion sizes for under 5s, first foods, snack swaps, and understanding and managing your child's behaviour.
Education
Advisory Centre for Education (ACE) - an independent national service centre for parents of children in state-funded education. They operate a dedicated advice line for referrals from Family Lives. The key topics on which ACE can provide further advice, information and support are: exclusion from school, school admissions, special educational needs and all other education-based issues with particular focus on the legal position/rights of parents and how to take unresolved matters further.
Department for Education - helping children and adults get the most from learning
Homework Elephant - resources to help children complete their homework
My World of Work for parents - can help you find the information you need to support your child as they begin to make choices about their future career.
National Careers Service - provides information, advice and guidance on all career related topics, including education, training, apprenticeships and employment over the telephone, webchat, email and text message.
Parents in Touch - an education and information site for busy parents covering curriculums, exams and much more.
ParentView - Ofsted has launched a website, ParentView, that gives parents in England the opportunity to assess state schools against 12 criteria covering safety, bullying, behaviour, teaching, leadership, homework, pupils’ progress, and pupils’ general happiness at the school. They will use the information you provide when making decisions about which schools to inspect, and when.
Red Balloon - Provide an 'intensive care' full-time education for children aged between 9 and 18 who are unable to go to school because they have been severely bullied or who have suffered trauma.
School- Home Support - national charity that places higly trained practitioners in schools to support children andfamilies, whatever they are going through.
The Good Schools Guide - feature more than 400 informative articles covering help, information advice and reviews of schools and tutors.
Tutor Pages - Tutor Pages contains thousands of articles on home tuition topics all written by private tutors. There's also an active forum to discuss private tuition, and a directory of private tutors who can be contacted for free.
Emotional support
Blurt - support all those who are affected by depression.
PAPYRUS – prevention of young suicide - support for young people under the age of 35 with thoughts of suicide, or those concerned about young people with thoughts of suicide.
Samaritans - emotional support to anyone in distress or at risk of suicide.
Stand Alone - support and raise awareness about adults that are estranged from their family or children.
Understanding Childhood - provides free downloadable information leaflets for families and childcare professionals to help raise emotionally secure children
Families
Action for Children (Wales) - offer services to children and young people and their families.
Barnardo's Cymru - runs a number of projects aimed at supporting children, young people and their families.
CFAB (Children & Families Across Borders) - a charity which seeks to protect, defend and support any child, family or individual who faces a social, legal or personal problem as a consequence of global movement.
Childrens 1st - (Formerly ParentLine Scotland)is a free, confidential helpline for parents and anyone caring for a child in Scotland.
Children in Wales - is the national umbrella body for organisations and individuals who work with children, young people and their families in Wales.
Cry-sis (Wales) - Helps families who find it difficult to cope when their baby cries a lot.
Family Action (formerly Family Welfare Association) - tackling difficult issues facing families including domestic abuse, mental health problems, learning disabilities and severe financial hardship.
Families Need Fathers - information and support on shared parenting following separation or divorce.
Family Rights Group - provides advice and services to families whose children are involved with social services
Gingerbread - Gingerbread is the national charity working with single parent families. Formed following a merger of the National Council for One Parent Families and Gingerbread, we now provide increased support and a stronger campaigning voice for single parents and their families.
Happy steps - The UK's only research based stepfamily resource centre. Designed to gather together a whole range of services to help families and individuals strengthen their stepfamilies and to provide training and tools for organisations who regularly deal with them.
HENRY (Health Exercise Nutrition for the Really Young) – A charity offering programmes and online resources for parents of 0 to 5 year olds to help provide a healthy start in life for young children. Programmes cover how to juggle life with young children, how to respond to their needs without giving in to demands, tips to reduce mealtime stress, active play to help children learn, food groups, food labels, portion sizes for under 5s, first foods, snack swaps, and understanding and managing your child's behaviour.
Home-start - offers regular support to families with one child under 5 years old - look at the site to see whether there is a scheme near you.
Home-Start UK in Wales - supports families with young children.
Mumsnet - online forum for parenting support and the discussion of issues connected with parenting.
National Family Mediation - mediators helping parents who live apart stay close to their children.
Netmums - a unique local network for Mums (or Dads), offering a wealth of information on both a national and local level. Once registered, you can access details for all kinds of local resources, from child-friendly cafes to childminders, places to go etc.
One plus One - an independent research organisation whose role is to generate knowledge about marriage and relationships - how they work, why they can sometimes run into difficulties and how couples can cope when they do.
Parenting NI - provides a telephone helpline and face-to-face support and guidance service for families on issues such as bullying, separation/divorce, self-harm and emotional difficulties.
Parenting UK – part of Family Lives, Parenting UK is the national umbrella body for people who work with parents. DOES NOT OFFER DIRECT SERVICES TO PARENTS, but parenting courses offered by forum members are advertised on the page 'for parents' on their website.
ParentPort -  ParentPort is run by the UK’s media regulators. We set and enforce standards across the media to protect children from inappropriate material. Seen or heard something unsuitable for children? Maybe it was a programme on TV or online, a film, an advert, a video game or something in a magazine. At ParentPort you can find out about the standards we expect from the media, make a complaint and share your views with us.
Parentline (Ireland) - provides information and a listening ear to anyone in a parenting role in Ireland.
There For You Advisory Service - supporting families involved with children's services
Young Minds - information for parents who may be concerned about the mental health of their child.
FGM
Forward - help and advice about female genital mutilation.
NHS - advice on female genital mutilation.
Grandparents
Age UK - is the country's largest charity dedicated to helping everyone make the most of later life and give advice on range of issues including money, health, care and wellbeing.
Grandparents Plus - information, advice and support for people looking after a relative's child, and for grandparents who have lost contact with their grandchildren.
Health
beat (formerly Eating Disorders Association) - information and support on eating disorders across the UK.
City Hospice (Wales) – Support in Cardiff for those suffering from cancer, their families and carers.
Dementia UK- provides specialist dementia support for families through our Admiral Nurse service.
ERIC (education and resources for improving childhood incontinence) - information and support on childhood betwetting, daytime wetting, constipation and soiling.
HENRY (Health Exercise Nutrition for the Really Young) – A charity offering programmes and online resources for parents of 0 to 5 year olds to help provide a healthy start in life for young children.
NHS Wales - The NHS 111 Wales service is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and is free to call from both landlines and mobiles.
The Channel - A digital platform for children and young people with Epilepsy. This is produced by Young Epilepsy.
The Sleep Clinic - provides advice and support to help parents with child sleeping issues.
Terrance Higgins Trust - help and advice on living with HIV.
Housing
Shelter - information for people who are homeless or having a housing problem
St Mungo's - support and advice for homeless people and those at risk of becoming homeless.
Immigration
Asylum Aid - free advice and assistance to refugees and asylum seeker.
Parents pack (from the Refugee Council) - the resource pack aims to support refugee parents who may not have access to these resources and it is hoped that it will be useful for advisers working with refugee families.
Refugee Council - advice and support to asylum seekers and refugees.
UKCOSA (Council for International Education) - provides independent advice for students from overseas on issues such as immigration, fees and welfare benefits.
Internet
Childnet International - Know IT All - resources aimed at young people, parents and teachers about safe and positive use of the internet. It contains information about what the risks are to users and outlines practical advice in avoiding or minimising risks when using online and mobile technologies.
Internet Matters - information, advice and support on internet safety, from cyberbullying to setting up parental controls online.
Internet Watch Foundation - site for reporting potentially illegal online content, specifically child abuse images and content hosted anywhere in the world, criminally obscene content hosted in the UK and incitement to racial hatred content hosted in the UK.
Kidsmart Digiducks Big Decision Book - a resource book for teachers to use in classrooms from Kidsmart.
NSPCC Net Aware - Your guide to the social networks your kids use with tips on keeping them safe.
O2 & NSPCC online safety helpline - get advice on the technical side of online safety, such as setting parental controls and privacy settings. Call 0808 800 5002.
The Professionals Online Safety Helpline is a free service for professionals, and volunteers working with children and young people, managed by the UK Safer Internet Centre.
Think U Know - come in to find the latest information on the sites you like to visit, mobiles and new technology.
True Vision - Have you or someone you know been a victim of a hate crime or hate incident? True Vision gives advice about hate crime/incidents and how to report it.
Legal
Advocate - is a charity which finds free legal help from barristers.
CAFCASS - looks after the interests of children involved in family proceedings. It works with children and their families, and then advises the courts on what it considers to be in the children's best interests.
Children's Legal Centre - information on all aspects of child law in England, including contact, parental responsiblity and residence orders.
Coroners Courts Support Service - is an independent voluntary organisation whose trained volunteers offer emotional support and practical help to bereaved families, witnesses and others attending an Inquest at a Coroner’s Court.
Lawstuff - provides free legal information to children and young people
PSU - Personal Support Unit - provide a free service across the UK, and provide comfort, support and guidance before, during and after court. They ensure people facing court alone feel prepared and supported to access justice.
Resolution - an association of solicitors specialising in family law.
Rights of Women - provide women with the legal advice and information they need to understand and use the law and their legal rights.
Which? Legal Services - legal advice and services from the consumer rights group
LGBTQ
EACH - Educational Action Challenging Homophobia - a national, charitable organisation, set up to challenge homophobia, specifically homophobic bullying, through education.
Families Together London - Support group and website for friends and family of lesbian, gay and transgender people
FFLAG - Family and Friends of Lesbians and Gays UK is a national and voluntary organisation and registered charity which offers support to local parent groups and contacts in their efforts to help parents and families understand and accept and support their lesbian, gay and bisexual members.
Free2b Alliance - Support LGBTQ+ young people and parents and empowering them to work with us in delivering awareness training. We challenge homophobia, biphobia & transphobia, fostering an inclusive environment within education establishments and organisations across the sectors.
Mermaids UK - work to reduce isolation and loneliness for gender variant and transgender children, young people and their families.
PACE - free counselling, support and advice over the phone and face to face, to all family members, whatever their age and sexuality.
STANCE - the comprehensive 'Whole Shool' resource pack for addressing homophobic bullying.
Stonewall - lesbian, gay and bisexual support and information.
Stonewall (Wales) - The charity Stonewall have a dedicated page to support parents to understand their parental rights.
Emotional and mental health
Anxiety UK - provides supprt if you are dealing with anxiety.
C.A.L.L. Helpline (Wales) - This is a confidential helpline which offers emotional support on mental health and related matters.
Give Us Shout - Anxious? Worried? Stressed? Get 24/7 help from our team of Crisis Volunteers.
MENCAP - support and information for people with a learning disability and their families.
Mental Health Foundation - Committed to reducing the suffering caused by mental ill health and to help everyone lead mentally healthier lives.
Mind - information on all aspects of mental health.
OCD Action - provide support and information to anybody affected by OCD
Out of the FOG - Helping family members & loved-ones of people who suffer from personality disorders.
Place2Be - Provides emotional and therapeutic services in primary and secondary schools, building children's resilience through talking, creative work and play.
RC Psych - Provide advice and information on mental health and wellbeing
Rethink - advice and information for those suffering severe mental illness and their families or carers.
Sane - Mental health helpline.
Student Minds - Mental health peer support for students
Time to change - They empower people with mental health problems to feel confident talking about the issue without facing discrimination
Young minds (for children's mental health) - information for parents who may be concerned about the mental health of their child.
Money
Child Benefit - deals with all child benefit claims.
Child Maintenance Options - providing impartial information and support to help both parents make an informed choice about their options for child maintenance.
Child Support Agency - the Child Support Agency, as part of the Department for Work and Pensions, is responsible for assessing, collecting, paying and enforcing Child Support Maintenance.
Consumer Affairs - offering debt and money advice to consumers via free guides and reports.
Financial Ombudsman Service - the official independent expert in settling complaints between consumers and businesses providing financial services.  The service is free and can look at complaints about a wide range of financial matters - from insurance and mortgages to savings and credit.
Give as you earn - donating to charity through your payroll.
Money Advice Service - the Money Advice Service helps you manage your money better. You can use their Health Check tool, calculators and comparison tables and access free, independent advice.
Money Saving Expert - aims to provide the best MoneySaving guides, tips, tools and techniques.
National Debtline - advice by telephone or email for people with debt problems.
Personal Finance Society - free guides to understand your choices when it comes to money. Find out about professional financial advice and search for a qualified adviser near you.
Tax Credits - 9 out of 10 families are entitiled to tax credits, but you don't need to have children to qualify. Find out more here.
Turn2Us - website offering people in financial need access to welfare benefits and charitable grants, free of charge and all in one place. Visitors to the site can use the benefits calculator or search for a grant giving organisation based on their need to see if there are funds available to them.
The Trussell Trust - The Trussell Trust is a Christian charity that does not affiliate itself with any political party and currently receives no government funding. They are non-judgemental and inclusive, providing assistance to people of all backgrounds and all faiths or none who are found to be in genuine need.  The Trussell Trust partners with churches and communities to open new foodbanks nationwide. With over 250 foodbanks currently launched, their goal is for every town to have one.
Pregnancy
Bounty - support families in the transition to parenthood, through each key life stage, from pregnancy to birth to toddler to pre-school.
British Pregnancy Advisory Service - offers information and treatment for unplanned pregnancy.
Breastfeeding Network - find help and support with breastfeeding.
Ectopic Pregnancy Foundation - provides support and information on the care of women with a diagnosis, or possible diagnosis, of ectopic pregnancy.
FPA - advice and publications on all aspects of sexual health.
NCT Breastfeeding Support - information and guidance for any parents that have questions about breastfeeding
NCT (National Childbirth Trust) - support through pregnancy and beyond.
Sense CDs - teenagers and pregnancy: Interactive CD Rom.
The Miscarriage Association - support and information for people who experience pregnancy loss.
Prisoners
Key for Life - A new social venture and charity creating innovative solutions to help reduce youth offending and gang warfare.
Offenders' Families Helpline - this free helpline is for anyone with a family member in prison.
Prisoners abroad – advice for anyone with family member in prison abroad.
Relationships
Barefoot Institute - help support Muslim relationships between husband and wife, parents and children, siblings and relatives.
Click - is a unique service providing early intervention relationship support from a mobile-friendly platform.
Forced Marriage Unit - contact the Forced Marriage Unit (FMU) if you are trying to stop a forced marriage or you need help leaving a marriage you have been forced into. Email: fmu@fco.gov.uk, Telephone: 020 7008 0151. From overseas +44 207 008 0151 Monday to Friday 9am - 5pmOut of hours: 020 7008 1500 (ask for the Global Response Centre)
Marriage Care - relationship support service including couples counselling, relationship and marriage preparation. No fixed charge, contribution-based
Relate - relationship counselling offered through regional centres.
Relate Cymru - offers advice, relationship counselling and support. They provide relationship support services at various locations across Wales.
Tavistock Centre for Couple Relationships - couple therapy services.
One plus One - their mission is to strengthen relationships for couples, families, communities and workplaces using evidence based training and digital resources.
Runaways
Missing People (formerly National Missing Persons Helpline) - the UK's only charity that works with young runaways, missing and unidentified people, their families and others who care for them.
Self harm
Harmless - provides information, support, training and consultancy for people who self harm, as well as their friends, families and professionals.
National Self Harm Network - our priority is to support survivors and people who self-harm. We also support the people it indirectly affects, like family and friends, they can discuss the issue and gain effective support in our forums.
Young Minds - supporting people who self-harm. We also support the people it indirectly affects, like family and friends, they can discuss the issue and gain effective support in our forums.
Sexual health
BROOK - this site provides free and confidential sexual health advice and contraception to young people up to the age of 25.
fpa - advice and publications on all aspects of sexual health.
Single parents
Gingerbread - support organisation for lone parent families.
Gingerbread Wales - supports lone parent families in Wales.
Special educational needs (SEN)
Council for disabled children - are the umbrella body for the disabled children's sector bringing together professionals, practitioners and policy-makers.
The Dyslexia and SpLD Trust - provides information to parents, teachers, schools and the wider sector.
I CAN - provides a range of information services that provide help and advice to parents and practitioners about speech, language and communication.
IPSEA - provides Independent Parental Special Education Advice on all educational matters for SEN.
Contact a Family - find out more about their services for families whose child may have special educational needs.
National Autistic Society - provides impartial, confidential information along with advice and support for autistic people and their families and carers.
Twins and multiples
Tamba - support and information to parents of twins and multiple births.
How we can help
Confidential helpline
Forum Community
Live online chat
Welsh Language Helpline
In your area
Parenting advice videos
Online parenting courses
For professionals
Useful links
Forum Read Only
Leaflets
Join our newsletter
Receive our regular updates and advice sent straight to your inbox.
Security:
Please enter your email address
Family Lives would like to keep you up to date with details of news, events and fundraising activities using the contact details you have supplied.
To receive this information by email, please click confirm.
By providing us with any personal data, you consent to the collection and use of any information you provide in accordance with the above purposes and our privacy statement.
Please fill in the security field below to prove you are human
If you need to talk, we're here to listen. Call us on 0808 800 2222 or contact askus@familylives.org.uk for support.
In your area
Find local support »
@familyLives Twitter
Coping practically and emotionally during the Covid-19 outbreak - Advice for families in self isolation… https://t.co/EdLSOga0LD12 hours agoReplyRetweetFavourite
Our services
If you need to talk, we're here to listen. Call our confidential helpline for advice and support.
Get advice on all aspects of bullying, from online to bullying at work.
Watch our parenting videos
© Family Lives | Reg company number: 3817762 | Reg charity number: 1077722 | Reg'd in England and Wales | Family Lives is not responsible for the content of external sites | Contact us | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Terms and Conditions | Accessibility
Site by Totally Communications