https://familieslikemine.com/read-before-you-submit/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Families Like Mine: Children of Gay Parents Tell It Like It Is
Families Like Mine: Children of Gay Parents Tell It Like It Is
Search
Primary Menu
Skip to content
Home
About the Book
Chapter Excerpts for World AIDS Day 2014
Excerpt: The Long Shadow of AIDS
Excerpt: Supporting Children with HIV-Positive Parents
Excerpt: Continuing to Advocate and Educate
Endorsements
Chapters
Reader Comments
Reviews
Advice
About Abigail
Long Bio
In the Media
Message for Teens
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://familieslikemine.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Endorsements “A profound book that captures many aspects of gay parenting that I have experienced personally. I strongly recommend Families Like Mine to any gay person with children and those who are considering parenthood.”
— Melissa Etheridge
“The best book I can recommend on the subject of gays raising children.”
— Po Bronson, Author of What Should I Do With My Life?
"Families Like Mine does for LGBT families what And the Band Played On did for AIDS."
— Esera Tualo, retired NFL star linebacker and gay father
Reviews "Amazingly, Garner makes palatable the idea that our families are different and our kids do struggle but, perhaps, not in the ways we might think they do…[she] invites courageous gay parents to read the book and get an insider’s look at what it’s like to grow up with GLBT parents."
—OutSmart Magazine
"Simply learning about the breadth of gay families is valuable to educators, parents, children and queer people, to create a wider vision of exactly who our far-flung community embraces. …Garner’s book doesn’t present a simple, easy answer, but then again, whose family is simple and easy? "
—New York Blade
"Compellingly written…this should quickly become a mainstay resource for many family service agencies and public libraries serving LGBT patrons."
—Booklist, American Library Association
Read more reviews...
The official website for Abigail Garner's non-fiction book about LGBT families.
AdviceMom’s girlfriend sleeps downstairs.Talking about (more than) “the birds and the bees”Dealing with a girlfriend’s unaccepting mother.Advice Themes
Acceptance / Rejection (7)
Adult Children (11)
Bisexual (5)
Bullying/Teasing (4)
Closet / Secrets (11)
Coming Out to Children (5)
Community/Connecting (2)
Coupling / Blended Families (4)
Divorce/Custody (4)
Extended Family (7)
Gay Dad/s (13)
Introduction (1)
Lesbian Mom/s (29)
Mixed-Orientation Marriages (6)
Religion (6)
Reply Included (10)
School (7)
Straight Husband (7)
Straight Wife (7)
Talking about Sexuality with Kids (2)
Teenagers with LGBT parents (11)
Transgender (5)
Uncategorized (13)
Reader CommentsKatie on Should a lesbian mother and her partner keep their hands to themselves?Chris Barnouski on Mom kisses woman. Daughter moves out.trami on Father struggles to accept gay son.
Privacy Policy
Proudly powered by WordPress