https://family.findlaw.com/marriage/how-to-legally-change-your-name.html
Internet Explorer 11 is no longer supported. We recommend using
Google Chrome,
Firefox, or
Microsoft Edge.
FindLaw
Learn About The Law
Family Law
Marriage Law
How to Legally Change Your Name
How to Legally Change Your Name
By FindLaw Staff |
Reviewed by Kellie Pantekoek, Esq. | Last updated July 22, 2020
There are several reasons someone may want to change their name, often after a marriage or divorce. The process of legally changing your name generally includes petitioning to change your name and using your new name.
Steps to Legally Change Your Name
Petition to change your name by filling out a name change form, an order to show cause for legally changing your name, and a decree to legally change your name.
Take these forms to the court clerk and file them along with your state's required filing fees.
In most cases, a judge or magistrate will review your forms and grant the name change.
Some states require a more formal advertisement before you use your new name, which is done simply by posting a notice in the local newspaper.
Use your new name.
Using Your New Name
The most important thing to do to legally change your name is to start using your new name. You can do this by:
Introducing yourself using your new name
Filling out forms and applications under your new name
Telling your family and friends to only refer to you by your new name
Informing your school, employer, and other institutions of your new name (some institutions may require legal documentation of your name change).
Be sure to check the requirements in your state by visiting your state government's website or calling your court clerk.
In most states, it's a rather simple process to change your name through the court system. In fact, most state government websites have forms online that you can print and use. The questions on the forms are very straightforward and may include your old name, new name, Social Security number, the reason for your name change, and a promise that you are not changing your name to escape debt or criminal liability.
Can I Change My Name to Anything I Want?
Typically, you may legally change your name to whatever name you'd like, although state marriage laws may also provide some additional legal guidance. There are some exceptions though. For example, you can't:
Change your name to escape debt liability or hide from criminal liability
Change your name in order to commit a crime
Change your name with the intention to mislead, which usually involves taking the name of a famous person (courts typically do not allow this, unless you have a convincing reason that's not related to the famous person or the use of his or her name)
Choose a confusing name that includes numerals or punctuation (although some courts have permitted people to spell out the numbers, for example, "Seven" instead of "7")
Choose a name that would intimidate, offend, be considered obscene, or is a racial slur
What Are the Most Common Reasons People Change Their Names?
Marriage and divorce are easily the most common reasons people change their names. Generally, if you're changing your name after marriage, a marriage certificate is the only thing that you need. A divorce decree is all you need to change your name back after divorce.
Is Filing My Name Change in Court Required?
Not in most states, but it's helpful. Most states allow you to legally change your name simply through usage. You can choose a name and just start using it in social settings and in your business. This can be a completely legal name change.
The problems arise when it comes to government and financial agencies. Because identity theft, credit card fraud, and even the fear of terrorist spies are rampant, many financial and government agencies may require legal court documents to prove your identity; there are certain forms of identification, such as a Social Security card, birth certificate, and passports, which will absolutely require legal name change documents.
Again, since every state varies on their name change rules, be sure to check with your local court clerk to find out your state's requirements.
Who Should You Notify of Your New Name?
Be sure to change your name on all of your personal and legal documents, such as wills, deeds, titles, trusts, accounts, and powers of attorney. Changing your name on estate planning documents will make it much easier for your heirs in the future. While your heirs can't be disinherited because of a name discrepancy, they may have to go through more steps in order to show your former name and true identity before being awarded their share.
In addition to your friends and family members, here are some of the entities that you should notify once you legally change your name:
Employers
Schools
Post Office (via change of address form)
Department of Motor Vehicles
Social Security Administration
Department of Records or Vital Statistics (issuers of birth certificates)
Banks and Other Financial Institutions
Creditors and Debtors
Telephone and Utility Companies
State Taxing Authority
Insurance Agencies
Registrar of Voters
Passport Office
Public Assistance (Welfare) Office
Veterans Administration
If any of these entities give you a hard time when you tell them about your legal name change, remind them of your right to do so and offer them a copy of the court order. If necessary, talk to a supervisor. Remember that many financial institutions and creditors will be reluctant for fear of identity theft and fraud. Be patient, and continue enforcing the use of your new name. Eventually, it'll catch on permanently.
Talk to a Lawyer About How to Legally Change Your Name
Legally changing your name, whether for marriage, divorce, or another reason, can be a big life event. The laws in every state are different and you'll want to make sure you're doing it by the book, including filing your legal name change petition with the appropriate government entity. Let an experienced family law attorney walk you through the process.
Thank you for subscribing!
FindLaw Newsletters
Stay up-to-date with how the law affects your life
FindLaw Newsletters
Stay up-to-date with how the law affects your life
Enter your email address to subscribe
Enter your email address:
The email address cannot be subscribed. Please try again.
Learn more
about FindLaw’s newsletters, including our terms of use and privacy policy.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Next Steps
Contact a qualified family law attorney to make sure your rights are protected.
Help Me Find a Do-It-Yourself Solution
Name Change Forms
Marriage Forms
Premarital Forms
Popular Directory Searches
Divorce LawyersChild Custody AttorneysChild Support AttorneysAdoption Lawyers
Marriage Law
Changing Your Name
Common Law Marriages
Getting Married
Marriage Forms and Resources
Marriage Law Overview
Marriage Laws
Marriage Legal Help
Marriage Money and Property
Prenuptial Agreements
Same Sex Marriage
Find a Lawyer
Search Legal Resources
Find a Lawyer
More Options
Name
Search
Browse Legal Issues
Browse Law Firms
Support
Find Cases and Laws