http://family.cavey.org/en/privacy.php
Privacy policy
Home
Letter of the
editor
Who am I ?
My Family
How the story
began
What about Cavey's
name ?
French
Cavey's history
The Cavey's
World map
Cavey in Australia
Cavey in Belgium
and India
Cavey in Canada
Cavey in Channel
Islands
Cavey in France
Cavey in Ireland
Cavey in The
United-Kingdom
Cavey in The
United States
Cavey in
New-Zealand
Cavey in
other countries
How many and
where ?
The main debate
More about the
French Cavey
Arms of Claude
(de) Cavey
How does
Cavey sounds ?
Southern Normandy
An
History of Normandy
The Fontenil
Cavey's Places
Wanted !
Cavey
Reunion 2001
US Cavey's Family
Album
Caveys at Saint John's Cemetery
The
US Cavey Family site
An eBay pictures Story
Trading Tokens Cavey & Sons
Ancestry message board
Cavey's links
Help me to improve
this site
Acknowledgements
Promote the
site
Figures of the
site
Privacy policy
The Caveys Family Worldwide Society recognizes the potential sensitivity of confidential information that may be placed on the site and is firmly committed to protecting your privacy.
We do not collect personal information when you visit this site. We don't use cookies and if you find one we cannot be held as responsible.
Personal information provided on this site has been voluntarily sent to us by their writers.
We do not change a word to the text you have submitted except spelling and, when needed, translation.
In no case is the personal information about individual members sold or otherwise shared with advertisers, sponsors, partners or other 3rd parties. And under no circumstances is this information collected or distributed in any form without your prior knowledge and consent.
However, as this site is a public Internet site and not a private one, by sending to us pieces of private information you accept that this information can be used by others Caveys, relatives, genealogists and, generally speaking, by any of our visitors.
If, for some private reason, you wish to remove, modify, correct what you have sent, lets us know. We shall take the appropriate action as soon as possible.
In agreement with the directives of the European Union and the French laws regarding the personal nominatives files, this site has been registered under the number 1000032, on February 6th, 2004, to the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL).
By application of the French and European laws and regulations regarding data privacy and retention, you have the right to access, modify, correct and suppress any data concerning yourself. You can, at anytime, ask for your contributions to this space of discussion to be removed.
Contact :
Jean-Luc Cavey
65 Bd Brune
75014 Paris
France
E-Mail
Last update : Mar-01-2019 13:50:03 CET
Back to the top of the page