https://familylives.org.uk/terms/
Home
Press
Work for us
We build better family lives together
Email us for support askus@familylives.org.uk
Email us for support
Helpline 0808 800 2222
keywords
Advice
Pregnancy and baby
Pregnancy/Birth
Sleep
Feeding
More >>
Early years development
Singing with your baby
Learning and play
Health And Development
More >>
Primary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Secondary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Teenagers
Communicating with teenagers
Behaviour
Health and wellbeing
More >>
Bullying
General advice
Cyber bullying
Bullying at school
More >>
Your family
Family life
Wellbeing
Parenting
More >>
Divorce and separation
Thinking about divorce
Coping with Holidays
Shared parenting
More >>
How we can help
Confidential helpline
Forum Community
Live online chat
Welsh Language Helpline
In your area
Parenting advice videos
Online parenting courses
For professionals
Useful links
Forum Read Only
Leaflets
Get involved
Donate now
Christmas appeal
Volunteer for us
Fundraise for us
How your support helps
Become a corporate supporter
Meet our corporate partners
Leave a gift in your will
About us
Our vision, mission and history
Contact us
Send us your feedback
Work for us
Our services
Our patron and trustees
Senior Leadership Team
News, blogs and reports
Press
Accounts and reports
Volunteer for us
Chat to us online
Mon-Fri 1.30-5.30pm
Donate now
to support families
Helpline 0808 800 2222
Home›Terms
Terms and conditions
The purpose of the Family Lives website ("the Site") is to provide you with information, services and facilities about Family Lives and its related projects and initiatives. By accessing any of the pages on the Site and/or using any of the services available on the Site (including, but not limited to, the forums, you agree to comply with the Terms & Conditions set out below, or as otherwise amended at the time of your visit to and/or use of the Site.
If you do not agree with these Terms & Conditions, please do not make any use of the Site and leave it immediately.
1.    Introduction
1.1   The Site is owned and operated by Family Lives (the operating name of FamilyLives, registered charity    no. 1077722) (“Family Lives”) whose address is Family Lives, 15-17 The Broadway, Hatfield,                  Hertfordshire, AL9 5HZ. References to “we”, “us” and “our” should be construed as references to Family Lives.
1.2   We have taken care in the preparation of the Site. However, as certain technical matters may be beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that you will have uninterrupted access to the Site at all times.
2.    Use of Content
2.1   All copyright and all other intellectual property rights (including, but not limited to, copyright) in all text, images, sound, software, service marks, logos and other materials on the pages of the Site ("the Content") are owned by Family Lives, or are reproduced on the Site with permission of the relevant rights owner.
2.2   The Content may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without Family Lives' express prior written consent, except as stated at 2.3 below.
2.3   You may read, view, print, download and (where appropriate) listen to the Content of an individual page for private and personal non-commercial use only PROVIDED THAT all copyright, trade mark and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy of such Content is retained, but you may not make more than one (1) copy electronically or otherwise of any of the Content and you may not re-copy or further distribute, sell, publish or transmit any part of the Content by electronic or any other means.
2.4   You agree not to sell, resell, supply or otherwise make the Content or extracts or other information derived therefrom available in any manner or on any media whatsoever to any third party without the express prior written consent of Family Lives.
2.5   The names, images and logos identifying Family Lives, its projects, products and services (including, but not limited to, the names “Parentline” and “FamilyLives”), or those of third parties, are the proprietary marks of Family Lives, and/or may be the proprietary marks of third parties. Any use made of these marks may be an infringement of rights in those marks and Family Lives reserves all rights to enforce such rights that it might have.
3.    Prohibited Use
You agree not to use the Site and/or the Forums to:
a     post, upload, e-mail or otherwise transmit any material, the publication, dissemination, use or possession of which infringes the rights of any person or which is unlawful in any other respect;
b     in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site;
c      make available personal data about any person other than yourself, or to collect or store personal data about other users;
d      obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site;
e      impersonate any other person or entity (including, but not limited to, a staff member, or forum leader) or to provide false or inaccurate information;
f      in any way which is threatening, harmful, abusive, vulgar, racist, sexist, ageist or otherwise discriminatory, defamatory, sexually orientated, hateful, invasive of another's privacy or obscene, or which will (or potentially will) harass, distress, embarrass or inconvenience or be objectionable by any person or which might restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the Site by any person;
g     post, upload, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation or commercial exploitation;
h    post, upload, e-mail or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, restrict, destroy, limit the functionality of or compromise the integrity of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
i     disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Site are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
j     create a database (electronic or otherwise) that includes Content;
k    transmit or re-circulate any Content to any third party; or
l     bring (or in any way that might bring) Family Lives into disrepute.
4.   Forums
4.1  Your use of the Forums on the Site is expressly subject to these Terms & Conditions (including in particular, but not limited to, clause 3 and this clause 4) and any other guidance, instructions or rules that we may make available on the Site related to the Forums.
4.2  You acknowledge that you are entirely responsible for all material that you upload or post on the Forums.
4.3  You further acknowledge that Family Lives monitors the content on the Forums, but that we (and people designated or authorised by us) shall have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion and without prior warning or notice to refuse or remove any material that is posted on or submitted, uploaded or otherwise transmitted to the Forums, or close or suspend a user's access to the Forums. Without limiting the foregoing, Family Lives and its designees shall have the right to remove any material from the Forums that is contrary to these Terms & Conditions or is otherwise objectionable, whether by reference to these Terms & Conditions, the House Rules or otherwise. Please note, that Family Lives may on occasion edit words within a forum posting (for example, use asterisks to replace letters within swear words) but will never alter the tone or meaning.
4.4  If anyone is concerned about material posted on the Forums or becomes aware that any material on the Forums or any activities carried out on the Forums, are offensive, unlawful, are contrary to these Terms & Conditions or the House rules or infringe any third party rights in any way, please send an appropriately worded message to us by e-mail using this address: webcoordinator@familylives.org.uk. We shall then act expeditiously to remove any such material or to disable access to the material, or use reasonable endeavours to otherwise deal with the concern however we see fit in our sole discretion (as the case may be).
4.5   You acknowledge and agree that we are not obliged to enter into any discussion following the removal of any material from the Forums, or any other action we may take under or with reference to these Terms and Conditions.
5    Use of Content, Messages and Materials
5.1    By submitting content to our site, including, but not limited to, the Forums you are granting Family Lives a worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully licensable, and transferable right and license to use, record, sell, lease, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon (including, without limitation, translations), publicly display, publish and otherwise use the content (in whole or in part) as Family Lives, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.
5.2    We have the right to publish, edit or reject any content that you send us through our site including our Forums for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise.
5.3    By submitting any messages, suggestions or material to the Site you waive all of the moral rights that you may have under Chapter IV of the of the Copyright, Design and Patents Act 1988 in respect of any such message, suggestion or material. You agree that you will not submit any content protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property, personal, contractual, proprietary or other right owned by a third party without the express permission of the owner of the respective right. You are solely liable for any damage resulting from your failure to obtain such permission or from any other harm resulting from content that you submit.
5.4    You acknowledge that Family Lives may establish general practices and limits concerning the use of the Site, including (but not limited to) the maximum number of days that content on the Forums, will be retained by the Site. You agree that we have no liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages, suggestions, material or other communications maintained on or transmitted to the Site.
5.5    If you do not wish to grant Family Lives the rights set out above, do not submit contributions, content or posts to the Site or the Forums (as the case may be).
6.    Warranties and Liability
6.1    Your use of the Site is at your sole risk. The Content has been included in good faith and is only for your general information and is for non-commercial use. In particular, the Content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation or arrangement by Family Lives and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific decisions or to be a substitute for obtaining professional advice. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR CHECKING THE ACCURACY OF RELEVANT FACTS AND OPINIONS GIVEN ON THE SITE BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY COMMITMENT OR TAKING ANY OTHER FORM OF ACTION OR INACTION BASED UPON THEM. FAMILY LIVES DOES NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF POSTINGS SUBMITTED BY USERS ON THE FORUMS, OR ENDORSE ANY OPINIONS EXPRESSED BY USERS. All conditions, warranties, terms and undertakings express or implied statutory or otherwise in respect of the provision of the Content and the Site are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
6.2    The Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Family Lives makes no representations about the reliability, availability, timeliness and accuracy of the Content. Family Lives does not warrant that the Site will be free of viruses or other harmful components.
6.3    The Site contains links to other websites ("Third Party Sites"). Family Lives neither endorses nor takes responsibility for the availability or content of Third Party Sites and will not be a party to, or in any way responsible for, any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third Party Sites. If you decide to use these links to access Third Party Sites you do so entirely at your own risk.
6.4    Save as expressly provided for in these Terms & Conditions, Family Lives shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage (including, without limit, loss of property or profit, business revenue or opportunity or anticipated savings and loss of or damage to any data) or for any costs, claims or demands of any nature whatsoever arising directly or indirectly out of the use of or access to the Site, Forums, Content or any part thereof or in respect of any defect therein or any failure to provide or the late delivery of the same howsoever arising. Family Lives does not exclude its liability for death and personal injury caused by its negligence.
6.5    You agree to indemnify and hold Family Lives and its officers, employees and agents harmless from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising from your use of the Site (including, but not limited, your use of the Forums).
7    Privacy Policy
7.1    Any information that you provide about yourself to Family Lives will only be used by Family Lives in accordance with its Privacy Policy and by using this Site you consent to our use of data collected on this Site in the manner set out in the Privacy Policy.
7.2    We may use cookies on the Site (see the Privacy Policy for further details).
8.    Changes to these Terms & Conditions, and amendments to the Content
8.1    Family Lives reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes to any part of the Site.
8.2    Due to its policy of updating and improving the Site, Family Lives may wish to change these Terms & Conditions from time to time and you agree to be bound by the Terms & Conditions which apply at the time of your use of the Site.
9.    Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law and you and Family Lives irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with the same or the legal relationship established by them.
10    Contacting Family Lives
If you need to contact Family Lives about these Terms & Conditions you may do so by post using the address given above, or by e-mailing this address: webcoordinator@familylives.org.uk.
11    General
11.1    If any provision of these terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms & Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
11.2    Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Headings in these terms are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect.
Read More
Privacy policy
(Updated June 2019)
Donate now
For support call our confidential helpline on 0808 800 2222 or email us at askus@familylives.org.uk. Your opinion matters, please share your views on our website by filling in our survey.
Join our newsletter
Receive our regular updates and advice sent straight to your inbox.
Security:
Please enter your email address
Family Lives would like to keep you up to date with details of news, events and fundraising activities using the contact details you have supplied.
To receive this information by email, please click confirm.
By providing us with any personal data, you consent to the collection and use of any information you provide in accordance with the above purposes and our privacy statement.
Please fill in the security field below to prove you are human
For advice and support on dealing with bullying
@familyLives Twitter
Coping practically and emotionally during the Covid-19 outbreak - Advice for families in self isolation… https://t.co/EdLSOga0LD12 hours agoReplyRetweetFavourite
Our services
If you need to talk, we're here to listen. Call our confidential helpline for advice and support.
Get advice on all aspects of bullying, from online to bullying at work.
Watch our parenting videos
© Family Lives | Reg company number: 3817762 | Reg charity number: 1077722 | Reg'd in England and Wales | Family Lives is not responsible for the content of external sites | Contact us | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Terms and Conditions | Accessibility
Site by Totally Communications