https://familylives.org.uk/privacy/
Home
Press
Work for us
We build better family lives together
Email us for support askus@familylives.org.uk
Email us for support
Helpline 0808 800 2222
keywords
Advice
Pregnancy and baby
Pregnancy/Birth
Sleep
Feeding
More >>
Early years development
Singing with your baby
Learning and play
Health And Development
More >>
Primary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Secondary
Learning/School
Behaviour
Health and Development
More >>
Teenagers
Communicating with teenagers
Behaviour
Health and wellbeing
More >>
Bullying
General advice
Cyber bullying
Bullying at school
More >>
Your family
Family life
Wellbeing
Parenting
More >>
Divorce and separation
Thinking about divorce
Coping with Holidays
Shared parenting
More >>
How we can help
Confidential helpline
Forum Community
Live online chat
Welsh Language Helpline
In your area
Parenting advice videos
Online parenting courses
For professionals
Useful links
Forum Read Only
Leaflets
Get involved
Donate now
Christmas appeal
Volunteer for us
Fundraise for us
How your support helps
Become a corporate supporter
Meet our corporate partners
Leave a gift in your will
About us
Our vision, mission and history
Contact us
Send us your feedback
Work for us
Our services
Our patron and trustees
Senior Leadership Team
News, blogs and reports
Press
Accounts and reports
Volunteer for us
Chat to us online
Mon-Fri 1.30-5.30pm
Donate now
to support families
Helpline 0808 800 2222
Home›Privacy
Privacy notice
This Privacy Notice sets out information about how we process information about you in order to comply with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. It tells you what to expect us to do with your personal information when you make contact with us or use one of our services.
This notice is layered. So, if you wish, you can easily select the reason we process your personal information and see what we do with it.
We’ll tell you:
why we are able to process your information
what purpose we are processing it for
how long we store it for
whether there are other recipients of your personal information
The first part of the notice is information we need to tell everybody.
About us
Family Lives is the data controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated.
Family Lives is a national charity. We hold and processes information about our service users for various purposes. For example, to ensure our services are responsive to needs and to report to our commissioners and funders, to enable correspondence and communications, and for safeguarding purposes.
About Family Lives: Family Lives15-17 The Broadway, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, AL9 5HZTel: 020 7553 3080. Family Lives is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office as a Data Controller under number Z489744X.
Family Lives is registered as a company limited by guarantee in England and Wales No. 3817762 and a registered charity No.1077722.
Data which has been collected prior to the introduction of GDPR (25 May 2018) will be processed in accordance with this updated Privacy Notice.
Visitors to our websites
The data controller for the websites is as follows:
www.familylives.org.uk, www.bullying.co.uk– Family Lives
Legal basis for processing data: The legal basis we rely on to process your personal data is article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, which allows us to process personal data when its necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Data Controller. The purpose for implementing all of the below on our websites is to maintain and monitor the performance of our websites and to constantly look to improve the site and the services we offer to our users.
Analytics: When you visit our websites we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out such things as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
If we do collect personal data through our website, we’ll be upfront about this. We’ll make it clear when we collect personal information and we’ll explain what we intend to do with it.
If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Cookies: You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page. We use a cookies tool on our website which requires explicit opt in action by users of our website. This will apply to the non-necessary cookies.
Your rights: As we are processing your personal data for our legitimate interests as stated above, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. There are legitimate reasons why we may refuse your objection, which depend on why we are processing it.
If you contact us through the website
Why we process your data: we will only process your data in order to respond to your query (if applicable).
Legal basis for processing data: we process your data under the basis of ‘legitimate interests’.
Using our online forums
Why we process you data: we process the personal data you provide in order to be able to offer a forum service where individual posts can be responded to and moderated when necessary.
Lawful basis for processing data: we gain your consent to process your personal data when you sign up to use the forums.
How long we will store your data: we will store your data for as long as you are using the forums, and for up to three years after your last post. Users inactive for more than three years will be deleted from the system.
Your full name and email is not displayed on the forum. When you post personal information on a discussion board on our forum your information is publicly accessible. Such information can be viewed online and collected by third parties. We are not responsible for the use of information by such third parties.
When contributing to a discussion we strongly recommend you avoid sharing any personal information that can be used to identify you (such as your name, age, address, name of employer). We are not responsible for the privacy of any identifiable information that you post in our forum or other public pages of our websites.
We use third party processors Websitetoolbox to host our forums. They are based outside the EU but complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Enewsletters and social media
Why we process your data: in order to provide you with our enewsletter updates we have to process personal data you provide to us when you sign up to receive them.
Legal basis for processing data: we ask for your consent to process your personal data when you sign up for our newsletters. You can withdraw your consent at any time, meaning you will no longer receive the newsletters, by following the ‘unsubscribe’ links included on every newsletter.
For all newsletters we gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletters. We use third party data processors to deliver our enewsletters including SignUpTo (for Parenting UK newsletterss) and MailChimp. MailChimp and is based outside the EU but complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. You can read their privacy policies here MailChimp, SignUpTo.
If you chose to unsubscribe from our newsletters, you details will be kept on a specific ‘do not send’ list to ensure we comply with your wishes.
People who contact us via social mediaWhy we process your data: we process data provided by you in order to respond to any messages you send via social media. We use a third part data processor, Hootsuite, to manage our social media interactions.
Legal basis for processing data: we rely on legitimate interests to process your data regarding social media. We would not be able to respond to your messages without doing so.
If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored by Hootsuite. It will not be shared with any other organisations. Hootsuite is based in Canada, but for the purposes of EU data protection law, Canada is considered a country which provides adequate protections for Personal Information, as confirmed by the European Commission in Commission Decision 2002/2/EC.
People who contact our Family Lives support helpline, email or livechat service
Why we process your data: For some calls where you have agreed you wish us to refer you to another service, we will, with your consent, process personal information which is shared with the other service provider.
We also record some anonymous statistical information on each call where the caller agrees, to report on and improve our service. This includes information such as gender, age, income and how the call has helped you. This information never reports about specific people. We use anonymised statistical data about callers to our helpline and other services in our reports to the Data Controller and marketing material.
Email and livechat - we process the data provided when you contact us (eg name and email address) in order to respond to your request. Our workers can see your email address when you contact us.
Lawful basis for processing data:
Helpline - where we process personal information, we do so with your consent.
Email and livechat - our lawful basis for processing personal information when you email us or contact us through livechat is legitimate interests.
We’ll never pass on the information you provide during the call or email or chat to any other organisation, except in the following situations:
We receive a call or correspondence about acts of terrorism or bomb warnings
We receive a court order requiring us to share information
We are working in partnership with another organisation and you have given consent for your information to be shared
You threaten the safety of our call takers, email or livechat workers
You are in a situation which has or could cause you harm, you have given us information that identifies you and you are unable to make decisions for yourself. This applies to all young people under 13, and in some circumstances to older children and adults. If we are worried about this situation, we will always talk to you about it first.
You provide information that identifies someone who has caused harm or says they are going to cause harm to a child or vulnerable adult
How long we keep your data
Where we have your personal information, we will store this for a maximum of 18 months after which it will be deleted. Anonymised data for monitoring and evaluation purposes will be kept for up to 6 years.
Data controller: The data controller for our helpline and email service is the Department for Education.
Using our community services
This section explains what information Family Lives collects, keeps and stores about you and/or your family if you receive one of our services and your rights in relation to that information. You will also be given information by your service about the information they keep about you and what happens to it. Most of our services are provided on behalf of a local authority (the Data Controller).
Why we process your information: we hold personal information about you which may include your name, date of birth, address, gender, ethnicity, sexual identity and whether you have a disability, so that we can make sure our services meet your needs.  We will also record information about the service provided to you, including case reporting, plans and reviews.
Legal basis: Our legal basis for processing personal data about you is for the legitimate interests of the Data Controller. We are providing this service under contract to the Data Controller and need to process your data in order to provide the relevant service to you. To process any ‘special category data’ about you (such as your ethnicity or religion) we will always seek your explicit consent.
Where will you store my data? For most of our services your data will be stored in our internal system accessed only by members of Family Lives staff and volunteers. Your information may also be stored in a paper file held securely by Family Lives. For some of our services, data is stored on the Data Controller’s databases. Only relevant staff and volunteers will have access to this data.
What personal data do we receive about you? For many of our services we receive referrals from other agencies. Please see information provided by your service for further information about the data we may receive about you and details of who we may share your personal data with.
What we do with your data? Family Lives will store and process your data for as long as you are accessing our services. Family Lives will keep some classes of information longer than others. These will include information held, for example, for reporting purposes in accordance with our contractual obligations and requirements of our funders and that retained in anonymous form, for statistical records, service development and research. Family Lives safely and securely disposes of personal data when it is no longer required. Family Lives will not rent or sell your personal information to other organisations.
When we may share or disclose your information: We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data, or where there are safeguarding concerns regarding you or your child. In most circumstances, data provided to our contractors (the Data Controller) or funders is anonymised. There may be circumstances where the service contractor requests specific information about an individual. In these circumstances, we will ask for your permission to share specific personal information.
Using data processors: For some of our services we track your progress using the Outcomes Star and we use their system to process your data which will include your name, date of birth and other personal information about you.
Applying for a paid or volunteer role
Why we process your information: As part of any recruitment process, Family Lives collects and processes personal data. Our purpose for processing this information is to assess your suitability for a role you have applied for. If you apply for a role with Family Lives we will only use the information you supply to us to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics.
What information do we collect? We will collect a range of information about you, this may include:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number
Details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history
Information about your current salary
Whether or not you have a disability for which we need to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process
Information about your entitlement to work in the UK
Equal opportunities monitoring information, including information about your ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health, and religion or belief.
For some roles Family Lives is obliged to seek information about criminal convictions and offences.This is necessary to carry out our obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
How do we collect your personal data? We collect it in a variety of ways. For example, you may have filled in an application form, or submitted a CV or resume, you may have provided your passport details or other identification documents, or we may have collected it through interviews or other forms of assessment, like online tests.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers. In all cases the application process will make clear at what point we will be contacting third parties.
Lawful basis for processing your dataFor paid roles: we need to process your data in order to enter into a working agreement with you. In some cases we need to process your data to ensure we are complying with our legal obligations, eg checking an individual’s right to work in the UK.
The lawful basis we rely on for processing your personal data is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, which relates to processing necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract.
To process any special category data, such as health or ethnicity information, we rely on article 9(2)(b) of the GDPR relating to our obligations under employment law and safeguarding your fundamental rights, and article 9(2)(h) for assessing your work capacity as an employee. Any data about criminal convictions is processed to comply with our legal obligations under article 10 of the GDPR.
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, we process data under Schedule 1 part 1(1) and (2)(a) and (b) which relates to processing for employment, the assessment of your working capacity and preventative or occupational medicine.
For volunteers: To process your personal data we rely on our legitimate interests. To process any special category data about you we will seek your consent. Any data about criminal convictions is processed to comply with our legal obligations under article 10 of the GDPR.
Family Lives will not use your personal information for any purpose other than the recruitment exercise for which you have applied.
How long will we keep your data? Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for six months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, it will then be destroyed. Interview notes for all unsuccessful applicants are destroyed after six months. We retain de-personalised statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
If your application is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and will be retained in accordance with our retention policy.
Where will we keep your data? Paid roles:Your personal information will be stored, securely, in several places: in our HR database and on other internal IT systems.Volunteer roles: Your personal information will be stored securely in several places: our internal network and email system.
Who has access to your data? Your information will be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. This includes members of the HR and recruitment team, interviewers involved in the recruitment process, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
As part of the recruitment process we may need to share your data with third parties in order to conduct any necessary background checks and vetting processes, such as contacting previous employers/referees to obtain a reference; and/or the Disclosure and Barring Service to conduct criminal record checks. As part of the recruitment process, we will make clear to you which checks will be required and at what stage of the process.
Current staff and volunteers
Why we process your information: Family Lives collects and processes personal data relating to its staff and volunteers in order to manage the relationship with you.
What information do we collect? Family Lives collects and processes a range of information about you that is appropriate to the role you perform with us. This will vary depending on whether you are an employed member of staff, volunteer, contractor, agency worker or student and may include:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number, date of birth and gender
Your image (if it is required on identity badges and for your online account)
Details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history, including start and end dates with previous employers and with us
Information about your salary, including entitlement to benefits such as pensions or death in service insurance cover
Details of your bank account and national insurance number
Information about your marital status, next of kin, dependents and emergency contacts
Information about your nationality and entitlement to work in the UK
Information about your criminal record
Relevant information if you drive your own vehicle for business purposes or if we hire a car for you
Details of your schedule (days of work and working hours) and attendance at work
Details of periods of leave taken by you, including holiday, sickness absence, family leave and extended leave, and the reasons for the leave
Details of any disciplinary or grievance procedures in which you have been involved, including any warnings issued to you and related correspondence
Assessments of your performance, including appraisals, performance reviews and ratings, training you have participated in, performance improvement plans and related correspondence
Information about medical or health conditions, including whether or not you have a disability for which the organisation needs to make reasonable adjustments and
Equal opportunities monitoring information, including information about your ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health and religion or belief.
How do we collect your personal data? We collect your information in a variety of ways. For example, you may have filled in an application form, or submitted a CV or resume; you may have provided your passport details or other identity documents; from forms completed by you at the start or during your work with us; from correspondence with you; or through interviews, meetings or other assessments.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, such as recruitment agencies, references supplied by former employers, and information from criminal records checks as permitted by law.
Lawful basis for processing your data: Family Lives needs to process your data to enter into a working or volunteering relationship with you and to meet our contractual obligations under any agreement with you. For example, if you are an employee we need to process your data to provide you with an employment contract, to pay you in accordance with that contract and to administer any benefits.
In some cases, Family Lives needs to process data to ensure that we are complying with our legal obligations. For example, it is required to check a worker’s right to work in the UK, to deduct tax, to comply with health and safety laws and to enable employees to take periods of leave to which they are entitled. For certain positions, it is necessary to carry out criminal records checks to ensure that individuals are permitted to carry out the role in question.
Paid staff: The lawful basis we rely on for processing your personal data is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, which relates to processing necessary to perform a contract. To process any special category data, such as health or ethnicity information, we rely on article 9(2)(b) of the GDPR relating to our obligations under employment law and safeguarding your fundamental rights, and article 9(2)(h) for assessing your work capacity as an employee.
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, we process data under Schedule 1 part 1(1) and (2)(a) and (b) which relates to processing for employment, the assessment of your working capacity and preventative or occupational medicine.
Volunteers: We rely on the lawful basis of our legitimate interests to process your personal data as a volunteer. We rely on your consent to process any special category data you provide.
Any data about criminal convictions is processed to comply with our legal obligations under article 10 of the GDPR.
In other cases, Family Lives has a legitimate interest in processing personal data before, during and after the end of the working relationship or volunteering. Processing staff and volunteer data allows the organisation to:
Run recruitment processes
Maintain accurate and up-to-date staff records and contact details (including details of who to contact in the event of an emergency), and records of contractual and statutory rights
Operate and keep a record of disciplinary and grievance processes, to ensure acceptable conduct within the workplace
Operate and keep a record of employee performance and related processes and workforce management processes
Operate and keep a record of absence and absence management procedures, to allow effective workforce management and ensure that employees are receiving the pay and other benefits to which they are entitled
Obtain occupational health advice, to ensure that it complies with duties in relation to individuals with disabilities, meet its obligations under health and safety law, and ensure that workers are receiving the sick pay or other benefits to which they are entitled
Operate and keep a record of other types of leave (including maternity, paternity, adoption, parental and shared parental leave), to allow effective workforce management, to ensure that Family Lives complies with duties in relation to leave entitlement, and to ensure that workers are receiving pay or other benefits to which they are entitled
Ensure effective general HR and business administration
Provide references on request for current or former employees
Respond to and defend against legal claims
Comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations and
Maintain and promote equality, diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Where Family Lives is relying on legitimate interests as a reason for processing employee and volunteer data, we have considered whether, by collecting the data, the charity is over-riding the rights and freedoms of our employees and workers and has concluded that we are not.
Some special categories of personal data, such as information about health or medical conditions, are processed to carry out employment law obligations (such as those in relation to employees with disabilities and for health and safety purposes).
Where we process other special categories of personal data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health or religion or belief, this is done for the purposes of equal opportunities monitoring.
How long will we keep your data? Family Lives will hold your personal data for the duration of your working relationship or volunteering with us. After the end of your relationship with us, due to the nature of the work that Family Lives carries out, and in order to meet our safeguarding commitments, we may hold some of your data until your 75th birthday depending on your role.
Where will we keep your data? Staff: Your personal information will be stored, securely, in several places: in your personnel file, in our HR management systems and in other IT systems (including Family Lives internal network and email system).
Volunteers: Your personal information will be stored securely in several places: our internal network and email system.
Who has access to your data?
Your information will be shared internally, including with members of HR (including payroll), the Finance Team, your line manager, managers in the business area in which you work or volunteer and any other members of staff for whom access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
Family Lives shares your data with third parties in order to obtain pre-employment references from other employers and, if applicable to your role, to obtain necessary criminal records checks from the Disclosure and Barring Service, Disclosure Scotland and AccessNI. Family Lives may also share your data with third parties in the context of TUPE transfers. In those circumstances the data will be subject to confidentiality arrangements. The services we provide to families, including children and young people are subject to external regulation, so if you work in a service your personal data will be shared with inspectors, and commissioned service data may be shared with the commissioner.
Family Lives also shares your data with third parties that process data on our behalf, in connection with payroll, the provision of benefits, and the provision of occupational health services.
Compliments and complaints
When we receive a complaint from a person we make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint.
We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide. We do compile statistics showing information like the number of complaints we receive, but not in a form which identifies anyone. This information is only shared internally and with our funders.
We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
You can write to us about a compliment or complaint through our contact form.
Your rights to your data
Under data protection law, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for processing your information. You can find more information about this on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
Accessing your data: You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process.
Correcting your data: You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies.
Erasing your data: You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Restricting processing: You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
Object to processing: You have the right to object to processing if we are able to process your information because it is in our legitimate interests.
Data portability: This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organisation to another, or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent.
You have a right to access data that Family Lives holds about you (personal data) and be given access to your information within 30 days of request in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulations. You can request your personal information by email to info@familylives.org.uk or by writing to: Data Controller, Family Lives, 15-17 The Broadway, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, AL9 5HZ.
There is no charge for this. It will help us to find your information if you can tell us something about the nature of your contact with us e.g. which service, your geographic area. We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. You may be asked to provide proof of your identity.
Your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
If you have a complaint about the way we process your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Please see the ICO website for more information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We regularly review and, where necessary, update our privacy information. If we plan to use personal data for a new purpose, we update our privacy information and communicate the changes to individuals before starting any new processing.
Last updated
This privacy notice was last updated in November 2020
Donate now
For support call our confidential helpline on 0808 800 2222 or email us at askus@familylives.org.uk. Your opinion matters, please share your views on our website by filling in our survey.
Join our newsletter
Receive our regular updates and advice sent straight to your inbox.
Security:
Please enter your email address
Family Lives would like to keep you up to date with details of news, events and fundraising activities using the contact details you have supplied.
To receive this information by email, please click confirm.
By providing us with any personal data, you consent to the collection and use of any information you provide in accordance with the above purposes and our privacy statement.
Please fill in the security field below to prove you are human
For advice and support on dealing with bullying
@familyLives Twitter
Coping practically and emotionally during the Covid-19 outbreak - Advice for families in self isolation… https://t.co/EdLSOga0LD12 hours agoReplyRetweetFavourite
Our services
If you need to talk, we're here to listen. Call our confidential helpline for advice and support.
Get advice on all aspects of bullying, from online to bullying at work.
Watch our parenting videos
© Family Lives | Reg company number: 3817762 | Reg charity number: 1077722 | Reg'd in England and Wales | Family Lives is not responsible for the content of external sites | Contact us | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Terms and Conditions | Accessibility
Site by Totally Communications