https://farmland.org/privacy-policy-2/
We’ve detected that you are using an outdated browser.
Please use a new browser like Chrome, Firefox, Safari or Microsoft Edge to improve your experience.
Privacy Policy
American Farmland Trust understands how important privacy is to our supporters. We are committed to protecting your privacy and want to make sure that you understand how your information is used.
American Farmland Trust does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose information about our site visitors. Although we capture limited information about visits to the site, this information is used only to analyze general traffic patterns (e.g., what pages are most/least popular) and to perform routine system maintenance.
E-mail Communications
You will not receive unwanted “spam” from AFT when you provide us with your email address. Our electronic mailings always includes an opt-out feature. Simply click on it and you will be removed from the mailing list. You can also email us directly (info@farmland.org) or call our Membership Department (1-800-431-1499).
Our website may use “cookies” to enhance the experience of email subscribers. Cookies are pieces of information that some sites transfer to the computer that is browsing and are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes web browsing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, or to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.
Monetary Transactions on Our Site
AFT takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our online donation form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the most commonly used software in the industry: SSL (Secure Socket Layers). While on a secure page, such as our donation form, your web browser will typically show a lock icon.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, and the passwords to service them are regularly changed. For a detailed description of the security protection for credit card transactions, please read this privacy policy.
Questions?
If you have any concerns about this policy, please contact us at info@farmland.org or call us at 1-800-431-1499.
American Farmland Trust is a national nonprofit organization working with communities and individuals to protect the best land, plan for agriculture and keep the land healthy. As the nation’s leading advocate for farmland and ranchland, AFT has ensured that more than 6.5 million acres stay bountiful and productive. AFT’s national office is located in Washington, D.C. For more information, visit AFT’s home page at www.farmland.org.
© 2020, American Farmland Trust.
No Farms No Food is a registered trademark of American Farmland Trust.
Site by Briteweb