https://farout.run/terms/
Terms & Conditions
These Terms & Conditions (this “Agreement”) applies to all services and products (the “Services”) provided by FAR OUT Running. Please read this Agreement carefully before registering.
ACCEPTANCE
BY SIGNING UP TO A TRAINING PROGRAM, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CONTINUE WITH THE PURCHASE OR REGISTRATION.
Services
FAR OUT Running primarily provides an online running coach and program for aspiring runners to connect with experienced running coaches, to assist them in training in preparation for goal events.
Your obligations
You are responsible for:
completing the registration process accurately by providing all the required information;
ensuring your own fitness to participate in any training advised to me by FAR OUT Running;
making best efforts to maintain scheduling commitments;
communicating honestly and truthfully with your running coach;
disclosing any relevant information to your coach, including injuries, or medical conditions or changes to your health, now and ongoing, which might affect your ability to exercise safely and with minimal risk of injury;
continuing to utilise medical professionals as you normally would;
immediately seeking professional medical attention if you experience illness or medical complications;
You acknowledge that any information provided by FAR OUT Running coaches is not medical advice and should not be utilised in lieu of professional medical attention.
You acknowledge that you must be 16 or above to participate in a FAR OUT Running coaching package.
You acknowledge that FAR OUT Running accepts no liability for any damage, injury or loss suffered by or to me, or to any other persons, or to any property in connection with the coaching advised or otherwise.
You acknowledge that the services offered in no way guarantee that you will complete your desired goal or event.
You acknowledge that your program is written for you alone, and that distribution of it to others may result in termination of this service.
FAR OUT Running obligations
The coach will use his/her skills and knowledge to design a programme of exercise that will take into account your lifestyle, personal goals, fitness levels and medical history.
The coach will commit to your goals and help in any way that he/she can.
The coach will ensure that everything stated as part of the chosen package is supplied to the participant.
Health & Safety
Your safety and health is our main priority. It is important that you consider your own health and safety, to ensure that you are suitably fit and well to participate safely in the training program. If you are in any doubt as to your suitability to engage in the sessions and events, you should consult your doctor, especially if any of the following apply:
If you have ever been told you have a heart condition, or feel pain in your chest when you exercise
If you take medication for your blood pressure or any other heart condition
If you ever lose your balance because of dizziness or pass out/lose consciousness
If you have any bone/joint problems that a change in your physical activity could make worse
If you know of any other reason why you should not engage in physical activity
You confirm that you have read and understood this information, and have taken the necessary steps to confirm your suitability to participate in the training sessions. You also confirm that you are voluntarily engaging in an acceptable level of exercise, and understand that your participation involves a risk of injury. FAR OUT Running accepts no liability for any such injury, however sustained.
Payment, cancellations & refunds
All coaching services and fees are payable monthly in advance.
All paid monthly fees are non-refundable.
The athlete acknowledges that one full month’s notice is required for the cancellation of coaching services.
In the unlikely event that FAR OUT Running can no longer continue with the package, the athlete will be issued a full refund for any unfulfilled coaching.
FAR OUT Running reserves the right at any time to refuse your registration, cancel your program, or terminate the Services if we deem it inappropriate or if you violate the terms of this Agreement.
Privacy
By agreeing to these terms, you are also agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Would you like your very own coach? Don’t hesitate!
Enquire NOW
© 2020 FAR OUT Running.
MYCOACH
About…
Contact Us
About Andy
RUN Harpenden
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAR OUT Running