https://fcit.usf.edu/about-fcit/#privacy
FCIT Directory
Director
Dr. James Welsh
Research
Dr. Ann Barron
Dr. Cathy Cavanaough
Dr. Kara Dawson
Dr. Nathan Fisk
Dr. Christine Harmes
Dr. Albert Ritzhaupt
Faculty Support
Huiruo Chen
Jennifer Hart
Gianina S. Hayes
Beth Jordan
Jon Marsley
Gerard Sukhram
Ora D. Tanner
Matt Turner
Eraldine Williams-Shakespeare
Programming
Ryan Dial
Dr. Chet Lyskawa
Richard MacLemale
Graphic Arts
Kyle McKinney
James Seaman
Nathan Wolkenhauer
Product Design & Development
Derek Christian
Megan Cross
Maci Devaney
Shelby Di Vincenzo
Adam Galatioto
Lorraine Montgomery
Allison Papke
Taylor Papke
Lindsay Persohn
Bradley Stager
Dr. Roy Winkelman
Regional Trainers
Laura Ahern
Maria Alves
Angela Amos
David Anderson
Deborah Becton
John Bouchard
Bev Cameron
Theresa Carpenter
Barbara Cavanah
Linda Cobb
Marsha Cruce
Leslie Daniels
Milene Del Rio
Daryl Diamond
Po Dickison
Kari Doucette
Wendy Drexler
Candy Duff
Tony Dutra
Eric Englert
Terri Friedlander
Elyse Friedman-Brunt
David Futch
Marla Gangler
Margie Garland-Aguilar
Crystal Gasell
Amanda Gold
Teresa Gunter-Jackson
Kristine Haller
Sylvia Hernandez
Kathy Hobbs
Susan Holtzworth
Lois Hooper
Dawn Howard
Norma Jennings
Lynn Jones
Sharron Kennedy
Hope Kennedy
Abigail Kennedy
Camille Kerr
Michelle Kleisley
Maureen Knipper
Lee Kolbert
Nancy Kuznicki
Karen Leach
John Lien
Margaret Livingston
Mijana Lockard
Pauline Luther
JoBeth Marano
Shawna May
Flo McGee
Mavis McLean
Ana McMoran
Clint Moles
Angella Morris
Mark Motl
Patricia J. Nicholson
Christopher Nitti
Jennifer O’Dell
Alvin Olivo
Emma Palomo
Lynn Parker
Maria Peebles
Susan Phillips
Becky Phillips
Mary Pringle
Virginia Richard
Linda Robinson
Jeanne Rogers
Sheila Ryan
Linda Sanders
C. David Schneider
Kathy Schofield
Karen Seddon
Erma Sever
Pam Smith
Ann Smith
Bradley Smrstick
Cody Stanley
Glen Stroman
Sharon Sudduth
John Summers
Kristie Taylor
Kay Teehan
Susan Thomas
Brad Underhill
Kathy Van Vleet
Gayle Weaver
Sheantika Wiggins
Adam Wolford
Cheryl Woolwine
David Young
Beth Zerkowski
Summer Film Camp
Alexandra La Spina
Brittany Udell
Diedre Allen
Elizabeth Garcia
Katie Reed Clark
Katiria Cortez
NOTE: Directory includes currently active staff, contract personnel, volunteers, work-study students, and credits for for past projects.
About FCIT
The Florida Center for Instructional Technology is located in the College of Education, University of South Florida, at Tampa, Florida. FCIT is funded by the Florida Department of Education, school districts, educational foundations, and others to provide professional learning, digital content, and technology integration evaluation services to schools and districts worldwide. The Center is also funded by the USF College of Education to support USF faculty and students at the iTeach Lounge.
FCIT’s free resource websites average over two million hits per school day from nearly 200 countries and territories. These sites are specifically designed to support K-12 curriculum with age-appropriate content and no advertising. Our fully-online iTeach Professional Learning courses for teachers and administrators begin each month. The TIM Tools suite of technology integration evaluation tools is a subscription service used by public and private schools, districts, and ministries of education worldwide. The suite includes a perceptions and uses survey, a lesson observation tool, a survey creator, and support for action research in the classroom.
Contact Information
Email: TIM@fcit.us
Phone: 813-974-1640
Mailing Address
FCIT
4202 E Fowler Ave EDU105
Tampa, FL 33620
USF Faculty and Student Support
Email: iteachlounge@usf.edu
Phone: 813-974-6816
Support for USF College of Education students and faculty is provided through the iTeach Lounge in EDU252.
Social Media
Facebook: MyFCIT
Twitter: MyFCIT
Pinterest:
– Lit2Go
– MyTechMatrix
– iTeach Professional Development
LinkedIn:
– FCIT
– Digital Content Showcase
– iTeach Showcase
– Lit2Go Showcase
– Technology Integration Matrix Showcase
Terms and Conditions
Website authors are encouraged to link to FCIT resources. Links may be made to any page within the publication. We provide buttons and banners if you would like to add a graphical link to FCIT resources. Please link only to HTML pages. Do not link directly to image, sound, or multimedia files. FCIT Web content may NOT be mirrored on any publicly accessible server. Address any comments or questions to the Director.
You will find additional Terms and Conditions and/or Licensing information on each of our digital content websites. For any use of FCIT digital content beyond what is permitted for a specific site, please address our Permissions Manager.
Privacy
Thank you for visiting Florida Center for Instructional Technology websites. Your privacy is important to us. We want our visitors to understand what information we collect and how it is used.
When you visit an FCIT website, our Web servers automatically recognize the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed that website, and keep track of the types of operating systems, screen resolutions, and other hardware related items that help us make our site more accessible. We may gather aggregate date, time, and pages accessed information to determine overall volume and timing of access to our websites. We do this so that we can improve the content of our websites. Additionally, we utilize Google Analytics on many of our websites to help us better understand and serve our visitors. This gives us information such as what languages our visitor’s browsers are set to or which countries they are visiting from.
You may choose to share personal information with us by sending email or submitting forms on certain FCIT websites. Information voluntarily shared with us may be posted to our websites, included in reports to grantors, or otherwise published by the Florida Center for Instructional Technology. If you do not want such personal information collected and shared, please do not submit forms or emails. You must be at least 13 years old to submit forms or send email to FCIT.
Third parties, such as Google, Facebook, Pinterest, or LinkedIn, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. No such interest-based ads appear anywhere on FCIT or ETC websites. Ads for FCIT products or services, however, may appear on other websites you visit after visiting one of our websites. While many web users prefer seeing ads that are potentially of interest to them, you can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by using services such as http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. You can control the ads Google displays for you by visiting https://adssettings.google.com to set your preferences. You may also want to consider installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on prevents your data from being used by Google Analytics regardless of the website you visit. It is designed to be compatible with Chrome, Internet Explorer 11, Safari, Firefox, and Opera. Pinterest users can opt out of online behavioral advertising through their Pinterest personalization settings. LinkedIn users can use their ad settings to control how LinkedIn uses their data for advertising purposes.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can email the Director or write us at:
The Florida Center for Instructional Technology
College of Education
University of South Florida
4202 E. Fowler Avenue EDU105
Tampa, FL 33620