https://featheredpipe.com/feathered-pipe-privacy-policy/
Home
Retreats & Travel
Yoga Retreats & Travel Experiences
Feathered Pipe Online Workshops
The Mindful Unplug Experience
Feathered Pipe Lodging
Bodywork & Massage
Press & Media
FAQs
Feathered Pipe Ranch
Corporate Retreats & Group Rentals
Weddings & Special Occasions
Ranch Virtual Walking Tour
Feathered Pipe Activities
Shanti Boutique
Feathered Pipe Foundation
Feathered Pipe Ongoing ‘Good Works’
Feathered Pipe Ranch Nature Deck
Feathered Pipe Seva Yoga Projects
Feathered Pipe Scholarship Fund
Veterans Yoga Healing Retreats
Tibetan Children’s Education Foundation Story
Feathered Pipe Leadership
Community
The Dandelion Effect Podcast
Feathered Pipe Online Sangha
Feathered Pipe Networking
Feathered Pipe Kitchen
Feathered Pipe Roots
Feathered Pipe Blog
Contact Us
Book a Retreat
Our Privacy Policy
Feathered Pipe Foundation is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. Feathered Pipe will not share your name or personal information with any unaffiliated individual or organization without your permission.
Registration
No registration is necessary to visit or participate in this website (unless you are registering for a workshop). If you supply us with your postal address or email address you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on Feathered Pipe Foundation news, new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email or clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any newsletter sent to you, emailing us, or writing to the address provided on our website.
Portions of the site invite you to join our mailing list and receive e-mail information from us. Every newsletter mailing provides the ability to opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time. AWeber provides mailing list services for the Feathered Pipe Foundation. AWeber’s privacy policy is described in detail here.
External Links
This site may contain links to other web sites. Feathered Pipe is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Policies for Children (individuals under 13 years of age)
This website does not target children (under age 13) for collection of information online. We do not solicit or knowingly collect user identifiable information on children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to or posted at this website by visitors under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly accept online requests for information from guests under 13 years of age.
Notification of Changes
Any change to our privacy policy will be posted on our site so you are always aware of what information we collect, and how we use it.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us at the email, phone, and address provided on our Contact Us page.
.
“Love all and serve all. Your entire life will be sanctified thereby.”
.
~ Satya Sai Baba
.
MEDIA RELATIONS & NETWORKING
.
Please contact:
Eric D. Myers
Feathered Pipe Foundation
IT & Networking Director
(406) 205-3995
eric@featheredpipe.com
.
RESOURCES
.
Feathered Pipe Media Kit
.
Feathered Pipe Networking Kit
.
Feathered Pipe Image Archive
.
Feathered Pipe Video Archive
.
Feathered Pipe Mission
.
Feathered Pipe History
.
Feathered Pipe Seva
.
Our Community
.
FAQs