http://feedtheworld.org/get-involved-volunteer/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Overview
We are committed to protecting your privacy and any personally identifiable information we collect.  If you feel that this site is not following the policy mentioned below, please contact us at:
Feed The World
718 Griffin Ave#26
Enumclaw, WA 98022
info@feedtheworld.org
813-388-8734
813-future4
Information We Collect
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the email address.
We collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our website; the email addresses of those who post messages to our discussion forums; the email addresses of those who sign up for our e-newsletters. We aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations or information of this type.
Use of this Information
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and to notify consumers about updates to our website.
We do not rent, sell, or share email addresses with any third party or organization.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, emailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address or using the unsubscribe button in the email.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us regarding information they have requested.
Cookies
We use cookies to store visitors preferences and to record session information.
Opt Out
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or clicking on the link at the bottom of any of our e-mailings.
Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Updates to this Policy
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. Data collected will only be used for these new purposes from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please visit our website periodically.
Security
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.  We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Scroll to top