http://feeds.findlaw.com/~r/FindLawInsider/~3/WmkyKgpC-cw/q-and-a-with-george-khoury-findlaws-new-senior-writer-for-legal-professional-blogs.html
Internet Explorer 11 is no longer supported. We recommend using
Google Chrome,
Firefox, or
Microsoft Edge.
FindLaw
blogs
FindLaw Insider
Q and A With George Khoury, FindLaw's New Sr. Writer for Legal Professional Blogs
Q and A With George Khoury, FindLaw's New Sr. Writer for Legal Professional Blogs
By
Peter Clarke, JD on June 30, 2017 3:12 PM
George Khoury, Esq. recently began his new role as senior writer for FindLaw's legal professional blogs. George is an experienced civil rights attorney based in San Francisco. He joined FindLaw in 2016 as a writer for the consumer blogs team, covering topics such as child custody, property line disputes, age discrimination, and drone regulations. His new role will focus on discussing issues relevant to law students, small law firms, and in-house lawyers.To get to know our new senior LP writer a little better, here's a Q and A with George Khoury:What first attracted you to FindLaw?
As a practicing lawyer, I actually use FindLaw's Cases and Codes, as well as the Learn About the Law resources to get started on researching unfamiliar topics. Being able to find short blog topics and informative articles that cover a wide variety of legal issues is incredibly helpful when looking for the answer to a specific question. FindLaw is particularly helpful in gaining insight into what questions a potential client might have about their own case.
Where did you go to law school, and when did you know you wanted to be a lawyer?
I went to Golden Gate University School of Law in San Francisco, California. Prior to law school, I earned a Master of Arts in American Literature from San Diego State University, and a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
I started my education in the Engineering School at U of M. However, I quickly learned that I did not want to pursue that path, despite excelling in math and science. My love for literature, which started as soon as I learned to read, just couldn't be shaken.So I changed paths from pursuing engineering to becoming a literature professor. I wanted to teach the world to be kind and open minded through literature. But, during my first year in my masters program, I learned that teaching wasn't my path to get there, as student apathy is very real and drove me nuts. When I learned about the private attorney general doctrine, I knew I had to become a lawyer to fight for the social justice causes I believed in.
Do you have a favorite area of law to practice? A least favorite?
My personal mantra is: Equal Rights AND Justice. I am all about fighting for civil rights and social justice. My current practice is devoted to civil rights, which is, by far, my favorite area of law. I particularly enjoy employment discrimination, whistleblower retaliation, and social justice cases.
On my first day of law school, when the teacher had my class go around the room and say why we chose to go to law school, when my turn came, I threw up my fist and said "I'm here to learn to fight the man." After my first semester, I was lucky enough to get a job working for a prominent civil rights attorney in Oakland, California, and I also started volunteering one weekend a month with the local bar association.
My least favorite area of law is family law, and specifically anything to do with child custody. The cases just wrench at my heart too much, especially when children are involved.
What do you enjoy most about writing about the law?
While I would love to say that helping people is my favorite part of the job, it's actually my second, or maybe third, favorite part. I really enjoy the craft of writing, as well as researching legal topics. The process of synthesizing complex topics into understandable, relatable, and usable content is challenging and stimulating, and something I really enjoy. I often spend more time thinking about, and researching, a topic than actually writing. Also, I love etymology.
What online writing experience do you have outside the FindLaw blogs team?
Before I began writing for FindLaw, I worked part-time for an online startup that focused on the immensely popular trading card game, Magic: the Gathering, which I enjoy more than my wife would like me to admit. I wrote a weekly column in my spare time, while practicing law, that reported the news related to the game of Magic and the startup. Before getting involved with that startup, for fun, I wrote freelance webcopy for content mills while unwinding after my regular work.
I regularly journal as well as write fiction, poetry, and music.
What's your favorite thing to do when you're not in the Sunnyvale office?
When it comes to hobbies, I am not lacking. Nailing down a favorite is no simple task, so I've listed my top 3. In addition to my love for playing Magic: the Gathering, I am a Mazda Miata enthusiast. When I have the time, I enjoy performing the regular maintenance and other projects on my 23-year-old roadster, as well as cruising around the amazing mountain and coastal roads we have here in Northern California.
Lastly, I love cooking. I've spent the last three years perfecting my pizza dough recipe. I take quite a bit of pride in sourcing fresh, local, whole ingredients. But, like most home cooks, my favorite part is eating my creations.
Do
you have a favorite quote?
Yes. Courtesy of Jimi Hendrix: "When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."
Content for You
Civil Rights
Block on Trump's Asylum Ban Upheld by Supreme Court
Criminal
Judges Can Release Secret Grand Jury Records
Civil Rights
Politicians Can't Block Voters on Facebook, Court Rules
Never miss a beat.
Get FindLaw email updates in your inbox.
Learn more
about FindLaw’s newsletters, including our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Thank you for subscribing!
Find a Lawyer
Search Legal Resources
Find a Lawyer
More Options
Name
Search
Browse Legal Issues
Browse Law Firms
Support
Find Cases and Laws