https://feelslikechristmas.com/about/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This web site is part of the Torn Bread Network.Our postal address isP.O. Box 298054Columbus, OH 43229-3054
We can be reached via e-mail at incoming [[at]] colorblindweb.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences.
We do not email visitors to our site unless they have requested specific information from us.
We do not share any personal info (such as email addresses left by blog commenters) with anyone.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Google AdSense
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may email us at the above address.
.
Share List
.
Social Media & Email Newsletter Search for Songs or Artists
Search for:
Other Fine Sites
Christmas Music Videos
The Free Site