https://fergusonlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Free Consultation
Nice People, Tough Lawyers
SCHEDULE A
FREE CONSULTATION
$
18 MILLION
WRONGFUL DEATH SETTLEMENT
$
7.5 MILLION
MEDICAL MALPRACTICE SETTLEMENT
$
4 Million
TRUCK ACCIDENT SETTLEMENT
$
1 Million
TRUCK ACCIDENT SETTLEMENT
$
7.5 Million
MEDICAL MALPRACTICE SETTLEMENT
$
18 Million
WRONGFUL DEATH SETTLEMENT
Privacy Policy
Contents1 Who we are2 What personal data we collect and why we collect it2.1 Comments2.2 Media2.3 Contact forms2.4 Cookies2.5 Embedded content from other websites2.6 Analytics3 Who we share your data with4 How long we retain your data5 What rights you have over your data6 Where we send your data7 Your contact information8 Additional information8.1 How we protect your data8.2 What data breach procedures we have in place8.3 What third parties we receive data from8.4 What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data8.5 Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Who we are
Our website address is: https://fergusonlaw.com/.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Legal ResourcesPersonal Injury
Personal Injury FAQ
Car Accidents
Car Accident FAQ
Truck Accidents
Truck Accident FAQ
Motorcycle Accidents
Motorcycle Accident FAQ
Bad Faith Insurance
Bicycle Accidents
Construction Accidents
Dog Bites
Elder Abuse
Medical Malpractice
Nursing Home Abuse
Pedestrian Accidents
Premises Liability
Defective Products
Roundup Cancer
Slip-and-Fall
Taxi Accidents
Work Accidents
Wrongful Death
Contact WILL FERGUSON & ASSOCIATES
Request a FREE Case ReviewNO PRESSURE. SPEAK TO AN ATTORNEY. NO HIDDEN FEES.
Contact
WILL FERGUSON & ASSOCIATESs
Or Call
505-225-8017
Our LOCATIONS
WE CAN’T WAIT TO MEET YOU.
Albuquerque
1720 Louisiana Blvd NE #100
Albuquerque, NM 87110
505-207-1727
Mon - Fri 8:00AM - 5:00PM
Or by appointment after 5:00PM
Rio rancho
333 Rio Rancho Boulevard Northeast
Rio Rancho, NM
505-207-1727
Mon - Fri 8:30AM - 5:00PM
Or by appointment after 5:00PM
request a free consultation
call
text
email
Start Live Chat with our team?
Yes
No
Contact
WILL FERGUSON & ASSOCIATES
Or Call
505-225-8017
Contact
WILL FERGUSON & ASSOCIATESs
Or Call
505-225-8017