http://festivaloftrees.kennedykrieger.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement applies to the Kennedy Krieger Institute and all Institute related entities, including the Kennedy Krieger Foundation, with respect to the privacy of our online visitors and donors.
Types of Information Collected: This website collects information such as the visitor's domain name, site navigation information, site traffic patterns, and server usage statistics or may use "cookies" (small files stored on your computer) or similar technologies in the future to help improve the overall performance, usability, and content of our web pages.
This website does use "cookies" in our remarketing efforts. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable or sensitive information. If you visit this website and then visit another website with related content where we may be advertising, you are likely to see a Kennedy Krieger Foundation advertisement. You are not required in any way to click the advertisement.
These cookies are used specifically for Google Analytics Display Advertising including Remarketing and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
We do not collect your e-mail address unless you choose to communicate with us via e-mail or you volunteer your e-mail address on a form on this site.
You may choose to provide us personally identifiable information about you or another (for example, for memorial or honor donations, or for online related registrations). Unless noted on the particular page or form of the website, you are free to decline to provide us with that information.
We may occasionally conduct voluntary surveys on this site. You are free to decline to participate.
Your choice whether to give information will have no effect on your medical care from any doctor or hospital, your eligibility to participate in research studies, or your receiving service from any organization.
Security: Our server uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect credit card and certain other information submitted via the forms on this site. SSL is an industry standard security protocol.
We will protect your personal identifiable information using a same standard of care we use to protect similar Kennedy Krieger information. For example, our policy is that all off-line personally identifiable information is to be securely stored and accessible only by authorized staff.
However, we cannot guarantee that our web site or offline storage is completely safe from hackers or accidental disclosure. Moreover, the internet is not always secure and data sent to us or to you by us may be at risk to interception or alteration by hackers or other third parties.
Use of the Information Collected: We do not sell or rent e-mail addresses or telephone numbers, although we may share and utilize this and other information we collect within the Institute family. If you provide an email address, physical address, or telephone number, we may contact you regarding programs or matters that we hope will be of interest to you.
Aggregate data (such as statistics on the number of visitors to a particular area on our website, or the number of persons from a particular state who gave a particular answer to a particular question on a survey) may be shared for analysis by third parties. Aggregated data will not contain personally identifying information.
We use agents for mailing, research, processing, and other purposes. We will require those third parties to maintain the confidentiality of the information to the same extent that we would, and forbid them to share or use personally identifiable information for secondary purposes.
Links to Other Sites: This site contains links to other sites. We provide these links as a convenience. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, use of cookies, or terms of use of sites not owned by Kennedy Krieger Institute. By providing a link, we are not endorsing the site, nor are we guaranteeing the accuracy of the information on that site. We encourage our visitors to be aware of when they leave our site and to read the privacy and terms of use statement of any site that they visit.
COPPA: We do not intend our site to be accessed or designed for use by children under age 13. We will not collect information from a user we know is under age 13 without parental or other adult consent.
Refund Policy: If you change your mind about contributing to Kennedy Krieger Institute for any reason, we will honor your decision, as long as you request a refund (return of contribution) within 15 days of the date on which you made the contribution.
Changes: Changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this site. You may cease use of the site at that time; you agree that your use of the website after notice on the website that there are changes to the policy will constitute your consent to the new terms.
Inquiries/Complaints: If you have any questions about the Kennedy Krieger Institute, our affiliates, our privacy policy or our web site, wish to change information we may have collected, or have any complaints, please feel free to contact the web administrator at webmaster@kennedykrieger.org who will forward your request to the appropriate personnel.
Get a Ticket
HELP A CHILD WITH SPECIAL NEEDS THIS HOLIDAY SEASON!
Support the children and families of Kennedy Krieger Institute.
Donate Now
About Kennedy Krieger
Thanks to all our generous sponsors! View All
Thanks to all our generous sponsors! View All
Back to Top