https://fightinghunger.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About UsMission Board of Directors Meet Our Team Meet Our CEO Job Openings Internships Annual Report / Financials Media Blog Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Location RFPs / ITBs
News Partner Agencies Contact Us Top Bar NavigationFacebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
Search:
Search
Find Food AssistanceFind a Food Pantry Share Your Story
Food InsecurityThe Face of Hunger Today Hunger Facts How We Help
Our ImpactFood Bank Operations Senior Grocery Program Child Nutrition Programs Disaster Relief Mobile Pantry Lotts Community Garden Commodity Supplemental Food Distribution Emergency Food & Shelter Program
Get InvolvedDonate Funds Donate Food Organize Food and Funds Drive Volunteer Take A Tour
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Second Harvest of the Big Bend has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect
particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our organization, including the website located at the URL www.fightinghunger.org.
To understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. Second Harvest of the Big Bend reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected and how it is collected
Who collects such information
How such information is used
With whom your information may be shared
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of
information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information
Questions regarding donor privacy should be directed to Mary Dekle at marydekle@fightinghunger.org. Please reference Donor Privacy Policy in your subject line.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Our offline and online (via the website) registration forms for events, activities, and donations require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, email format preference (e.g. HTML vs. Text), mailing address, telephone number, employer, personal interests, demographic information, personal payment information and other similar data. Second Harvest of the Big Bend respects your desire for privacy and handles any information you provide with care. The only personal data we gather from you is that which you voluntarily provide. If you do choose to provide us with personal information voluntarily through any form that is currently available, this information will not be sold or rented to other organizations or companies. We may use your personal information to contact you in the future.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Security
All information provided to the Second Harvest of the Big Bend website is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Second Harvest. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Second Harvest of the Big Bend has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
ABOUT USAbout UsBoard of DirectorsMeet Our TeamMeet Our CEOJob OpeningsInternshipsAnnual Report / FinancialsMediaFrequently Asked QuestionsPrivacy PolicyRFPs / ITBs
Go to Top
Translate »