https://firstparish.org/wp/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We are offering worship online only for now, until safe enough to resume in-person worship. Please join us from home.
The Church Office and Sanctuary are currently closed to visitors.Click here for details.
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
First Parish in Concord
20 Lexington Road
Concord, Massachusetts 01742
Directions
978-369-9602
Fax 978-369-8701
contact@firstparish.org
Office Hours
Tuesday-Friday, 9:00 am - 3:00 pm
The building is closed Mondays. Meetings and events may be scheduled on Monday evenings.
First Parish in Concord
Unitarian Universalist | ALL ARE WELCOME!
Search
Directions
Contact
Sunday Services: 10:00am
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for First Parish in Concord
We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using our web site. This Privacy Policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as “Data” below) that may be collected by us on our site. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control. Please take time to read our Terms of Use.
Collection of Data. Our registration process, which is for content editors only, requires only a valid e-mail address and and password. Providing us with other information is at your option. Please take note that your e-mail address or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. Like many web sites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if at all) is set forth below.
Use of Data. We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on this site. We will make efforts so that your Data will not be provided to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of Data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party, by way of example an Application Service Provider; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement; (v) we find that your use of this site violates our this Policy, Terms of Service, other usage guidelines or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property; (vi) or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party whereby that third party will be able to use the Data in the same manner as we can as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.
Cookies. Like many web sites, we set and use cookies to enhance your user experience, such as retaining your personal settings. Visitor tracking systems may be part of our web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer and are subject to the privacy policy of those parties providing the visitor tracking. However, the companies providing the tracking do not have access to our cookies. These companies usually use non-personally identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to our site.
Children. We do not allow persons who are ages thirteen or younger to register with this site. For more information, please contact our webmaster.
Editing or Deleting Your Account Information. We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account information that you provided to us in registration by using your personal page configuration area. You may request deletion of your user account by contacting our webmaster. Content or other data that you may have provided to us and that is not contained within your user account, such as posts that may appear within our forums, may continue to remain on our site at our discretion even though your user account is deleted. Please see our Terms of Use for more information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy. We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of substantial changes to this Policy either by posting a prominent announcement on our site and/or by sending a message to the e-mail address you have provided to us that is contained within your user settings.
No guarantees. While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data.
Contact Information. If you have any questions about this Policy or our web site, please feel free to contact us at contact@firstparish.org.
Section Navigation
Home
About
About First Parish
General Information
UU Principles & Purposes
Our Stories
Parishioner Stories
History of First Parish
History Videos
Our Ministers and Staff
A Green Sanctuary
Governance & Bylaws
Accessibility and Parking
Contact
News
First Parish COVID-19 Information
FP Weekly
Religious Education News
Sunday News
Music Events
Church Calendar
Open Positions
Solar Power Monitor
Forms
News Submission Guidelines
Services & Music
About Sunday Worship
Holidays and Traditions
Upcoming Services
Past Services
Music
About Our Organ
Weddings
Child Dedications
Memorial Services and Funerals
Justice
Justice Principles
Social Action
Social Action Programs
Share the Plate
SAC Calendar
Black Lives Matter
UU the Vote at First Parish in Concord
Resolution on the Murder of George Floyd
Learning
Learning Overview
Religious Exploration
Family Service
Neighboring Activists
Youth Groups
Coming of Age
Sexuality Education
Teacher Resources
RE Floor Plan
Spiritual Growth and Fellowship
Connection
Connecting with First Parish
Visiting First Parish
Membership
Affinity Groups
Photography Club
Pastoral Care
On-line Resources
Small Group Ministry
Music and Arts
Grub’s Place
Committees
Standing Committee (Board)
Documents
Agendas
Standing Committee Minutes
Governing Policies
Operating Procedures
Social Action Community
Trustees of Parish Donations
Finance Committee
Finance Committee Archive
Nominating Committee
Environmental Team
Denominational Affairs Committee
Transylvanian Partnership
Partnership Programs
September 2012 Visitors
September 2008 Visitors
Photo Gallery
Reserve a Room
Facilities Use Guidelines
Giving
2020-21 Pledge Campaign
Testimonials
Giving to First Parish
Stewardship and Giving
Pledge to First Parish
Online Payments
Donating Securities
Legacy Giving
Deciding to Give
Types of Legacy Gifts
Making a Legacy Gift
Legacy Giving Committee
Resources
Donate to First Parish
Upcoming Services
December 13, 2020 - 10:00am
Jade Sylvan
Events
No Events
Recent Posts
Celebrate!: The Holidays from Home at First Parish
December 4, 2020
Transgender Inclusion in Congregations
July 28, 2020
2020 General Assembly Report
July 28, 2020
George Floyd
June 8, 2020
Raffle Prize Cottage Letter
May 3, 2020