https://firstumctorrance.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE
First United Methodist Church of Torrance provides this web site as a service to the Internet community. By accessing, browsing and/or using this site, acknowledgement is given that all terms have been read and agreed to, in compliment with all applicable laws and regulations.
First United Methodist Church of Torrance makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of the materials, including connector links to other web sites, and First United Methodist Church of Torrance is not liable for damages of any kind arising from use of this web site.
First United Methodist Church of Torrance is an independent 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation and affiliated with the California-Pacific Annual Conference of The United Methodist Church. First United Methodist Church of Torrance is not affiliated or endorsed by other trademarks, logos and brand names appearing in this web site. Said trademarks, logos and brand names are the property of their respective owners and are used as reference only.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The First United Methodist Church of Torrance recognizes the privacy concerns of users of its website and the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected from them. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as a visitor’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card information is automatically collected on our web site. Such information is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted, and the First United Methodist Church of Torrance uses such information only for the purpose for which it was submitted, unless we disclose other uses in this policy or at the time of collection.
Our web hosting service automatically gathers information regarding access to the site, such as computer operating system, browser type, screen resolution, number of pages viewed, etc. This information is used to evaluate the usefulness of our website and is not linked to a specific user’s identity. We do not keep a record of your visit, keep or sell any information regarding your web address or site access, or in any other manner invade your privacy.
We have several basic groups of people that might be listed or referred to on the website: pastors, adult members, youth, and children. Information of concern includes names, email addresses, phone numbers and photos. Home addresses, phone numbers, and personal email addresses are never posted.
For pastors, we list names, office email addresses, and office phone numbers.For adult members, we may list names when they are a contact for some group or activity that we are covering on the website. We do not list email addresses or phone numbers unless directed to by the individual. Contact the church office for this information.For youth and children, we do not list full names. At most we will publish the first name and initial of the last name. We do not list email addresses or phone numbers. Photo captions do not include full names and usually do not include names at all.Although the published hardcopy of El Portal may include phone numbers and email addresses of adult members, the information from it on the website does not.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. First United Methodist Church of Torrance uses software on this site that generates cookies.
CHILDREN ONLINE POLICY
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy and safety is well protected. To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child’s online experience, visit http://ProtectKids.com.
LINKS TO OUTSIDE SITES
This web site links to documents and web sites maintained by other organizations or individuals. First United Methodist Church of Torrance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these external web sites. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by First United Methodist Church of Torrance.
TORRANCE FIRST UMC FACEBOOK PAGE
Members of the First United Methodist Church of Torrance communications team have created a Facebook page with the permission of the Church Council. Strict posting guidelines have been implemented to ensure the safety and privacy of our members. A Facebook account is not required to view the postings. The Church does not endorse the use of Facebook, but only provides this page as a way of communicating with members and guests that are using this network.
MAILCHIMP NEWSLETTER
First United Methodist Church of Torrance may utilize a newsletter service hosted by MailChimp. Contact information submitted in the Newsletter signup form is saved on MailChimp’s secure servers. The information will only be used as a means of providing Church related news and relevant information via MailChimp or by direct email from the Church. MailChimp’s privacy statement for the information regarding their use of Distribution Lists is as follows:Your subscriber lists are stored on a secure MailChimp server. We don’t, under any circumstances, sell your lists, contact people on your lists, market to people on your lists, steal your lists, or share your lists with any other party, unless it’s required by law. If someone on your list complains or contacts us, we may then contact that person. Only authorized employees have access to view Distribution Lists.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Updated: 3/15/14
Dec 13
Online Worship
Dec 16
Wednesday Advent Study