http://firstunitarian.net/WP/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
First Unitarian Church of Baltimore
10 W Franklin St, Baltimore, MD
Mailing Address
1 West Hamilton St
Baltimore, MD 21201
Office hours
Monday–Friday: 10:00–1:00
410-685-2330
First Unitarian Church of Baltimore
A welcoming space to explore, worship, think, and grow
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Search
Donate
Pledge
Calendar of Events
Contact
Breeze
10:30 a.m. Sunday Service in our online Virtual Sanctuary
Home » Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by First Unitarian Church of Baltimore (Unitarian Universalist), referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, contact us.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name and email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please contact us.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than First Unitarian Church of Baltimore (Unitarian Universalist). These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Change text size
90%  100%  110%  120%
CLOSE
Search
Search
Search for:
Search
CLOSE
Login
[login_widget]
Forgot Password?
[forgot_password]
CLOSE