https://fistulafoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to ContentAt Fistula Foundation, we are committed to protecting your privacy. The following statement discloses our privacy practices and covers all donations collected both online and offline. Information for donors who are residents of the EU is available on our General Data Protection Regulation page.The Foundation reserves the right to change this policy at any time and will post any changes here. By using our Services, you consent to the practices described in this policy. Should you have questions or concerns, please contact info@fistulafoundation.org.
Information We Collect from You We collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, we collect information when you make a donation, send us an email, fill out a form, respond to a survey, register for an event, or otherwise communicate with us.The personal information that we may collect includes, but is not limited to your name, address, email address and phone number. Credit card and other information you provide when making a donation is provided directly to Authorize.net, a reputable third-party vendor, for the purpose of processing and recording gifts. All credit card information is encrypted at the time of processing and not stored for further use.In addition to the information that you submit to us, we may collect personal information about you that is available to the public from other websites or third-party sources such as LinkedIn and Facebook.When you visit our website, we automatically collect non-identifying basic information using:Web Server Logs. Our web servers may collect certain information such as IP address, pages visited, time of visits, and referring website.Cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to, among other things, improve your experience on our website, count visits, keep track of the items in your shopping cart, and determine if an email has been opened and acted upon.Google Analytics. Foundation utilizes a third party vendor, Google Analytics, to assist in collecting and analyzing such data. For more information about how Google collects and processes data when you visit websites or use apps that use Google technologies, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partnersLinks to Other SitesOur website contains links to may contain links to affiliated vendor sites, such as e-mail services, online donor pages, and events registration pages. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by those other sites. A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site or any of the content or information provided by that site.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of each website that collects personal information.
How We Use Your Information We do not trade, share, or sell information that you provide to us for any purpose. Information you provide about another individual in the course of making a donation in honor of or in memory of someone will only be used for that purpose.We use your information to process your donation(s), including verifying credit card data, and sending your tax-deductible receipt(s). We may disclose your information to third party representatives with whom we contract in the course of processing donations and updating our files.We will only send you communications to keep you informed of our activities if you choose to Opt-in to receive these communications.Some information collected is used to better understand our supporter network and to improve our website.Also, although unlikely, the Foundation may be required by law enforcement to provide information to the appropriate governmental authorities. In these cases, we will provide this information as and to the extent we have determined that the disclosure of any such information is appropriate.
How We Protect Your Information The Foundation operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our databases, including the system administration logs, are password protected. The information you provide is stored in a secure location and is used and disclosed only as set forth in this policy. User information is accessible only to designated staff who need the information to perform a specific function or task related to the Foundation’s mission, such as gift recording, assisting and communicating with donors, or providing donors with reports and receipts.Our online giving page is a secure site, evidenced by the lock icon located on user browser pages. Our systems make it difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while it is being transferred over the Internet and while it is stored on our system. However, no encryption system can guarantee perfect security with the Internet.
Your Rights and Choices Opt-Out.   If you have do not wish to receive communications from us, you may unsubscribe at any time.Correction.  You have the right to access your personal information and to correct, amend, or delete such personal information if it is inaccurate. Requests for access, correction, amendment, or deletion should be sent to info@fistulafoundation.org.  If you delete any account information, we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.“Do Not Track Requests.”  Your Internet browser and mobile device may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites you visit. The Foundation respects your wishes and will not track user activity once “do not track” signals have been activated.California Privacy.  If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by the Foundation or its affiliates to a third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@fistulafoundation.org.
State Nonprofit Disclosures Certain states require written disclosures for nonprofit organizations soliciting contributions. Individual state disclosures are below.Florida: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE, WITHIN THE STATE, 1-800-435-7352 (800-HELP-FLA), OR VISITING www.FloridaConsumerHelp.com. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. Florida Registration #CH17941Georgia: A full and fair description of our programs and our financial statement summary is available upon request at our office and phone number indicated above.Maryland: For the cost of copies and postage, from the Office of the Secretary of State, State House, Annapolis, MD 21401.Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of The Fistula Foundation may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State’s office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement.Nevada: Contributions may be tax deductible pursuant to the provisions of sec. 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 26 U.S.C. ¤170(c).New Jersey: INFORMATION FILED WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL CONCERNING THIS CHARITABLE SOLICITATION AND THE PERCENTAGE OF CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED BY THE CHARITY DURING THE LAST REPORTING PERIOD THAT WERE DEDICATED TO THE CHARITABLE PURPOSE MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY BY CALLING (973) 504-6215 AND IS AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET AT www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/charfrm.htm. REGISTRATION WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT.New York: Upon request, from the Attorney General’s Charities Bureau, 28 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10005, 1-212-416-8686 or www.charitiesnys.com.North Carolina: Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1-919-814-5400. The license is not an endorsement by the state.Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information of The Fistula Foundation may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999.Virginia: From the State Office of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.Washington: From the Secretary of State at 1-800-332-4483 or http://www.sos.wa.gov/charities/West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305.Wisconsin: A financial statement of the charitable organization disclosing assets, liabilities, fund balances, revenue and expenses for the preceding fiscal year will be provided to any person upon request.REGISTRATION WITH A STATE AGENCY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL OR RECOMMENDATION BY THAT STATE.More information about charity disclosure requirements and charity state registrations.
Photography Photos or video taken at our events will only be used in print publications, videos and digital communications including our website, e-mails and social media with your express consent. If you would like us to discontinue using the photo, please contact us at info@fistulafoundation.org.
Children’s Privacy Please contact us at info@fistulafoundation.org if you become aware that a child for which you are the parent or guardian has provided us with personal information without your consent, and we will remove their information from our files.
Thank you for visiting Fistula Foundation!Your web browser is out of date. Please Upgrade your browser or Install Google Chrome Frame to experience this site.