http://floydhenderson.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our web site. It will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices, and the needs of our visitors.
This statement covers the following topics:
Information Collected and How it is Used
Personal Information and Choice
Public Access to Information
Security
Disclaimer
E-Mail Privacy Warning
Contact Information
Information Collected and How it is Used
When you browse our Web site, you do so without revealing your identity. Personal information, including your E-mail address, is not collected without your knowledge.
If you choose to pay for products or services online, any personal information you submit will be used solely to update our files to reflect your payment. Banking and/or credit card information will be stored securely for a limited time for administrative purposes only. As soon as your payment is processed and the proper reconciliation is performed, all banking and credit card information will be purged from our servers. This is standard practice by any online shopping site.
The use of and access to your personal information is restricted to those employees who need to know that information to provide services or support to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
FloydHenderson.com does not plan to divulge personal information collected or information disclosed voluntarily, but we may be required to do so pursuant to State or Federal law.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than that which was intended when submitted, please contact us.
You may choose whether to provide personal information online. "Personal Information" is information about a natural person that identifies a specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, and telephone number. A domain name or Internet protocol address is not considered personal information.
We do not collect personal information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. You may choose not to provide personal information online. Your choice not to participate in this activity will not impair your ability to browse this Web site and read or view any information posted on this site.
E-Mail Privacy WarningE-mail is not a secure communication's medium. Personal information sent via the Internet can be intercepted. You may, therefore, wish to reconsider the advisability of sending messages that contain highly sensitive or personal information to this Internet address.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.