https://fmh.ph/data-privacy-consultancy/#top
Data Privacy Consultancy
In view of the implementation of the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (DPA), FMH constituted a specialized team of lawyers trained for the purpose of delivering quality data privacy consultancy services. The FMH Data Privacy Team distinguishes itself from other firms providing data privacy consultancy services by building its competence far beyond the minimum required by law, as shown by its conscious effort to pursue training that is not only focused on achieving proficiency on the DPA alone but also mastery in operationalizing data protection. Hands-on experience in various settings complements the team’s strong theoretical competence.
FMH became the first corporate (silver) member in the Philippines of the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP). The members of the FMH Data Privacy Team are individual members of the IAPP as well. The FMH Data Privacy Team has produced the first IAPP Certified Information Privacy Manager (CIPM) who has qualified in the Philippines. In line with this, FMH has access to available resources and reference materials on the matter produced by international experts.
The FMH Data Privacy Team is also collaborating with an internationally known data protection systems provider and accredited trainer of the IAPP to enable it to deliver automated, efficient, and comprehensive data privacy compliance service to its clients. This collaboration allows direct access to the expertise and resources of FMH’s systems partner which has trained thousands of data privacy officers worldwide and handled consultancy engagements with top-tier corporations in Singapore.
The FMH Data Privacy Team has completed several ongoing consultancy engagements with companies in different industries.
Atty. Rachel P. Follosco heads this practice area, together with the Firm’s special counsel for data privacy, Atty. Redentor Buban.
Services
Data Privacy Compliance Audit: Compliance Assessment; Data Inventory; Process Mapping; Gap Analysis; and Risks and Recommendations
Privacy Impact Assessment; Privacy Manuals and Privacy Policies Drafting
Contracts and Forms Review Privacy Audit of Vendors and Subcontractors
Data Privacy Consulting on Various Data Privacy Concerns and Issues
Generic and Bespoke Personnel Training
Data Privacy Briefings for Companies
Telephone: (632) 889 0808 / 752-2215 to 16; Facsimile: (632) 752 2217; Skype: folloscomorallosherceCopyright 2018. FMH Follosco Morallos & Herce. Designed and Developed by: Whitewall Design Studio
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.