https://fmh.ph/2018/08/03/fmh-law-joins-delegates-at-the-2018-asia-privacy-forum-apf18-second-year-in-a-row/
FMH Law Joins Delegates at the 2018 Asia Privacy Forum #APF18, Second Year in a Row
The International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) recently concluded the 2018 Asia Privacy Forum held on 23-24 July 2018 at the Marina Bay Sands Expo and Convention Center in Singapore.
Atty. Rachel Follosco, head of the Data Privacy Practice Team of the Law Firm of Follosco Morallos & Herce (FMH), and Atty. Ma. Luz Concepcion Baldueza, a Certified Information Privacy Manager and an associate of the Firm, joined delegates from all over Asia and the globe in the event, for the second year in a row. The Law Firm of Follosco Morallos & Herce (FMH) is a Corporate (Silver) Member, the first and all-Filipino IAPP corporate member from the Philippines.
The National Privacy Commission of the Philippines’ Chairman and Commissioner, Raymund Liboro, delivered keynote speech alongside the Personal Data Protection Commission of Singapore Commissioner, Tan Kiat How. IAPP President and CEO J. Trevor Hughes noted that the Filipino delegation substantially increased in this event, surpassing even that of Hong Kong, which perennially was in the top two.
The expanded, two-day programme delivered crucial discussion about privacy in an age of cross-border data transfers and global data breaches. With the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) having taken effect last 25 May 2018, the next question in everyone’s minds is how to manage the impact of this new regulatory standard in terms of data protection as well as data transfers to Asia. Thus, the event centered on the regulations on data transfers, from APEC to GDPR, and how organizations manage their data across multiple jurisdictions and economies.
The event also discussed emerging issues in Data Privacy such as the Internet of Things (IOT), Privacy By Design (PbD) and blockchain technology. Considering that the field of Data Privacy in the Philippines is still nascent, it was a very enriching experience for the data privacy practitioners of the Firm to attend the event.
Share this:
Telephone: (632) 889 0808 / 752-2215 to 16; Facsimile: (632) 752 2217; Skype: folloscomorallosherceCopyright 2018. FMH Follosco Morallos & Herce. Designed and Developed by: Whitewall Design Studio
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.