https://fmh.ph/privacy-notice/#top
Privacy Notice
Follosco Morallos and Herce (the "Firm"), a Silver Member of the International Association of Privacy Professionals, is deeply committed to safeguarding the privacy rights of all individuals, most especially our clients. The terms "we", "our", and "us" refer to the Firm.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules and Regulations ("DPA") and other applicable data protection laws, this Privacy Notice informs you how we collect information about you, the type of information we collect, the purpose or use of such information, what we may disclose (if any) to our service providers and vendors, and the measures we take to protect and secure your personal information with us.
What type of personal information we collect
Under the DPA, personal information is any information, whether on its own or combined with other data in our possession, that directly and certainly identifies you as an individual (e.g. name, e-mail, address, telephone number).
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you willingly give us your personal information when you fill out the 'Contact Us' form on our site or email us directly.
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our website, such as the search terms you used, the page you viewed, time you visited the website, and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider.
How we may use your information
Generally, we may use the personal information we obtain from you:
• To respond to your inquiry or concern;
• To process job applications sent via email;
• To provide information about the Firm's services;
• To provide legal services as may be necessary;
• To establish or collect our fees when necessary; and
• As may be required by law or any legal process.
How we may share your information
We may share your personal information to our employees agents and other professionals who work with us who may use the information for the purpose of providing you with legal services. We ensure that our employees, agents, and other third parties we work with are contractually bound to implement organizational, physical and security measures to protect your personal information.
How we protect your information
We implement organizational, physical and security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized disclosure and access. We implement data protection policies within the Firm and we oblige our employees to comply with these policies. We further protect your personal information by implementing technological security measures such as encryption and firewalls. We cannot guarantee the security of personal information you transmit over the web.
Links to other websites
While our website may contain links to other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices exercised by such websites or the information they collect. Please consult these other websites' individual privacy notice/s for more information. This Privacy Notice applies only to information collected by us through this website or those you send to us directly.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies which are small text files that contain an anonymous unique identifier sent through your browser and stored in your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to improve user experience by collecting non-personal information about our website users and compiling aggregated statistics about their use of the website. You may accept or decline the cookies by adjusting the settings in your browser.
How to Contact Us
If you have any question or concern about the Firm's privacy policy or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights with respect to your personal information with us, you may contact us through any of the numbers above or email us at dataprivacy@fmh.ph.
The Firm reserves the right to change its privacy policy and this Privacy Notice at any time. Please check this website from time to time for updates.
Telephone: (632) 889 0808 / 752-2215 to 16; Facsimile: (632) 752 2217; Skype: folloscomorallosherceCopyright 2018. FMH Follosco Morallos & Herce. Designed and Developed by: Whitewall Design Studio
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.