https://foecanada.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy
Friends of the Earth follows the highest ethical standards in carrying out its mission and therefore, protecting your privacy is very important to us. We value the trust of those we deal with and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that is shared with us.
During the course of our various programs and activities, we frequently gather personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that it is used for the purposes for which it is collected.
Defining personal information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Exceptions include business contact information and publicly available information such as name, address, and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories.
Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information as well, we consider such information not to be subject to protection as personal information.
Privacy practices
Personal information gathered by us will be treated with respect. Our staff is authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reasons for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place and continue to be enhanced to ensure that information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained.
We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. We routinely offer individuals we deal with the opportunity to opt not to have their information shared for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
We use the Google Maps API(s) on our web site and in our mobile application(s).  Review the Google Privacy Policy.
Privacy principles
Principle 1 — Accountability
Friends of the Earth is responsible for personal information under its control and has designated a Privacy Director who is accountable for the organization’s compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Principle 2 — Identifying purposes
Friends of the Earth will identify the purposes for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected.
Principle 3 — Consent
Friends of the Earth will obtain the consent of individuals before or when it collects, uses or discloses personal information, except where authorized by law.
Principle 4 — Limiting collection
Friends of the Earth will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Friends of the Earth. Personal information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.
Principle 5 — Limiting use, disclosure and retention
Friends of the Earth will not use, disclose or retain personal information other than for the purposes for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual, or as permitted or required by law.
Principle 6 — Accuracy
Friends of the Earth will keep personal information as accurate, complete and current as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Principle 7 — Safeguarding information
Friends of the Earth will protect personal information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Principle 8 — Openness
Friends of the Earth will make readily available to individuals specific information about access and procedures relating to the management of their personal information.
Principle 9 — Individual access
Upon written request, and subject to exemptions stipulated by law, Friends of the Earth will inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of their personal information and will provide access to that information. An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Principle 10 — Handling concerns and suggestions
Individuals can address any concerns or questions in regards to compliance with the above principles to the Privacy Director at beatrice [at] foecanada.org.
Further information on privacy and individual rights in regard to personal information may be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at www.priv.gc.ca
This policy may change from time to time. Please check for updates periodically.
Last updated: July 11, 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok