http://forgetmenotgts.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services are committed to safeguarding the privacy of its website’s visitors, clients and employees. This privacy policy outlines the information Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services collects and the actions Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services takes in order to protect this information.
Information Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services collects about You
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and navigation paths);
information that you provide when submitting a contact form from our website (including your name and email address);
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address);
information that you provide when using Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ services, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including your name, address, telephone number and email address);
information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services or send through this website (including the communication content and data associated with the communication); and
any other personal information you choose to send Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services.
How Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services uses Your Information
Personal information submitted to Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services through this website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of this website. Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services may use your personal information to:
administer this website and business;
personalise this website for you;
send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
send you non-marketing commercial communications;
send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
send you Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
send you marketing communications relating to Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services which may be of interest to you, by email or similar technology (you can inform Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to this website;
keep this website secure and prevent fraud; and
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of this website.
Disclosing Your Information
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this policy, Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services will not provide your personal information to third parties.
Security of Your Information
This section sets out Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ data retention policies and procedures, which are designed to help ensure that Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services complies with its legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services is required to do so by law;
if Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services believes that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on secure servers.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the Internet is inherently insecure, and Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
Requesting Your Information
You may instruct Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services to provide you with any personal information it holds about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of £20; and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a scanned image of your passport plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Changes to Your Information
Please let Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services know if the personal information that it holds about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Amendments
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
~ What You Say ~
“
The family asked Simon to refurbish a family grave which hadn't been looked after for many years. Simon did an excellent job of cleaning and securing the gravestone and laying turf. Throughout the process his communication was very good and the effort made in restoring the grave resulted in an outcome we were delighted with. We would highly recommend Simon's grave tending services.
I have nothing but praise for Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services. Simon has not only put lovely flowers on the grave, but has cleaned the headstone so that it looks almost like new. He has also treated the surrounding grass. He is reliable and sensitive and has provided a first class service. I can therefore highly recommend him.
Simon has been tending our family grave for several years now and has provided a reliable and regular service throughout the year. This has included cleaning the headstone, replacing weather-damaged plants and laying and maintaining the turf. I would be happy to recommend him.
Glad that I found Forget-Me-Not. They have restored my parents’ resting place to a high standard, and I have them tending four times a year. Thank you for a first class service.
”
From Ross in Edinburgh
From Susan in Dereham
From Etta in Gosforth
From Alison in Sunderland
~ Talk to Us ~
Don't hesitate to contact us to discuss your requirements or to ask any questions that you may have.
Call us on 0191 266 5185 for landline or 07415 269 654 for mobile.
Email us at forgetmenotgts@aol.com or use the form to the sidebelow.