http://forgetmenotgts.co.uk/terms/
Terms
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions and any or all Agreements: ‘Client’, ‘You’ and ‘Your’ refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ Terms and Conditions. ‘Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’, ‘Ourselves’, ‘We’ and ‘Us’ refers to Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services. ‘Party’, ‘Parties’, or ‘Us’, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meeting of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ stated services, in accordance with and subject to prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
1. Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an ‘as is’ basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
2. General
The laws of England and Wales govern these Terms and Conditions. By accessing this website and using our services, you consent to these Terms and Conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representative of Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services.
3. Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United Kingdom, or in relation to postings from the United Kingdom. All advertising is intended solely for the United Kingdom market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services. Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
4. Payment
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services accepts cash, cheque and BACS transfer as methods of payment. Payment terms are to be agreed at the start of the project. Payment is due within 14 days upon completion of the project. Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services reserves the right to seek recovery of any monies remaining unpaid 60 days from the date of the invoice via collection Agencies and/or through the Small Claims Court in the event that the outstanding balance does not exceed £3000. In such circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional administrative and/or costs.
5. Termination of Agreements
Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.
6. Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
7. Links from this Website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
8. Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the Terms and Conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
9. Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services’ services and the full content of this website.
10. Notification of Changes
Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our Privacy Policy, we will announce that these changes have been made via email. If there are any changes in how we use our customers’ personally identifiable information, notification by email will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will also be made via email. You are advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
These Terms and Conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance of, the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory rights are unaffected.
~ What You Say ~
“
The family asked Simon to refurbish a family grave which hadn't been looked after for many years. Simon did an excellent job of cleaning and securing the gravestone and laying turf. Throughout the process his communication was very good and the effort made in restoring the grave resulted in an outcome we were delighted with. We would highly recommend Simon's grave tending services.
I have nothing but praise for Forget-Me-Not Grave Tending Services. Simon has not only put lovely flowers on the grave, but has cleaned the headstone so that it looks almost like new. He has also treated the surrounding grass. He is reliable and sensitive and has provided a first class service. I can therefore highly recommend him.
Simon has been tending our family grave for several years now and has provided a reliable and regular service throughout the year. This has included cleaning the headstone, replacing weather-damaged plants and laying and maintaining the turf. I would be happy to recommend him.
Glad that I found Forget-Me-Not. They have restored my parents’ resting place to a high standard, and I have them tending four times a year. Thank you for a first class service.
”
From Ross in Edinburgh
From Susan in Dereham
From Etta in Gosforth
From Alison in Sunderland
~ Talk to Us ~
Don't hesitate to contact us to discuss your requirements or to ask any questions that you may have.
Call us on 0191 266 5185 for landline or 07415 269 654 for mobile.
Email us at forgetmenotgts@aol.com or use the form to the sidebelow.