https://forsythcountycasa.org/how-to-help/become-a-friend-of-casa.html
Skip to main content
Home
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
About CASA
Our Board of Directors
Staff
Contact Us
Community Partners
Our Sponsors
Become a CASA Volunteer
Facts About CASA Volunteers
CASA Swearing In Ceremony
Advocate Toolbox
Advocate Login
How To Help
How to Help
CASA Backpack Drive
Become a Friend of CASA
CASA Wishlist
Amazon Smile
Kroger Community Rewards
How to help on eBay
CASA Events
CASA Superhero Run 2021!
2021 CASA Superhero 5K - February 20, 2021!
2021 CASA Superhero Sponsorship Information
CASA Superhero 2021 Sponsorship Information
More CASA events coming soon!
Due to Covid-19 and the public health crisis, CASA has temporarily postponed events! Check back often for updates!
CASA Superhero 2020
Light of Hope 2020
Light of Hope past winners
Light of Hope 2019
Gown Town 2019
Light of Hope 2018
W. Everett Bennett Community Partner Award
Mystery Masquerade
CASA News
CASA Newsletter- The Ally
Photo Gallery
CASA Volunteer Swearing In
CASA Stories
Important Links
Join Our Email List!
Become a Friend of CASA
How To Help
How to Help
CASA Backpack Drive
Become a Friend of CASA
CASA Wishlist
Amazon Smile
Kroger Community Rewards
How to help on eBay
Join Friends of CASABehind the direct interaction of our child advocates is a dedicated auxiliary group called Friends of CASA that supports the administrative and operational responsibilities of our program. Friends of CASA is involved with organizing and staffing a variety of fundraising, volunteer appreciation and community awareness events where their help is needed.
Joining Friends gives you the flexibility in choosing when and how often you want to volunteer. Any gifts of time and skills are greatly appreciated. Friends members receive monthly communication of upcoming events where their help is needed.
How do the Friends of CASA help to make a difference?The Friends of CASA group has a direct impact on the children served by CASA of Forsyth County, Inc. in three distinct ways:
Friends of CASA host and participate in several fundraising activities, providing critical volunteer support at CASA of Forsyth County, Inc. events.
Friends of CASA locate thousands of dollars of in-kind donations annually to help serve the children that CASA represents.
Friends of CASA also chair and coordinate many other projects annually:
During our Backpack Drive school supplies are collected so our children have the tools they need to succeed as a student.
Our Holiday Stocking Project provides a stocking for each of the children CASA serves.
With the organization of our annual CASA Children’s Holiday Party – by Friends of CASA – our children enjoy a festive, kid friendly environment while receiving holiday gifts.
Friends of CASA recognizes the dedication of individuals who make a positive impact on children in our community during our annual Light of Hope event in April (Child Abuse Awareness Month).
How can I become involved?Through our Friends of CASA program, you have the opportunity to contribute your time and talents in a variety of ways. You can help ease the stressful transition of these children by participating in projects that are designed to show them someone cares. To learn more about our mission, please contact the CASA Executive Director, Paula Malmfeldt at (770) 886-2800 ext. 3130. You can email Paula here.
Automation Direct
CHOA
Rotary Club
Beaver Toyota
Bagwell Insurance
Billy Howell Ford Lincoln
Bragg Dental
Banks Septic
Hansard Insurance
Handy Hero
Bryan Properties
United Way
Acopia Home Loans
Advanced Dental
Sawnee Electric
Advanced Embroidery
Kohl's Cares
Carper Wealth Management
Mark Heard Fuel
Stars and Strikes
Improving ATL
Troncalli
Cumming Rheumatology
CMC Trucking Cindy Mills
Mellow Mushroom
Jim n' Nicks
Fred's Beds
Southern Oak Provisions
CL Burks
Piedmont Bank
Northpoint Mortgage
Northside Hospital
Eat the Frog
Ingram Funeral Home
My Forsyth
Corner Farms
Facebook
Powered by Firespring