https://fortworthchristiancounseling.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Privacy Policy
Who we areOur website address is: https://fortworthchristiancounseling.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect itWe do not sell, loan, or give personal data from our site visitors to any third parties.Our security plugin logs site visitors by IP address and records pages visited. This enables us to detect potential hackers and spammers, if needed, but gives us no personal data about our visitors aside from the country of the IP address.If you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we ask only for your name and e-mail address, and you have the option to unsubscribe at any time.If you post a comment to one of our articles, or to our contact us form, we collect your IP address, and whatever name and e-mail address you submit to the form, as well as whatever comment or message you leave.If you order merchandise from our site, we collect only such information as is necessary to process your order. We do not collect or store credit card data. Paypal handles our online transactions, so the only information we have in our database is your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone, the data needed to send your order or to contact you should we have questions or problems with shipping.To contact us you may use our Contact formPlugin: SmushNote: Smush does not interact with end users on your website. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. If you would like to notify your users of this in your privacy policy, you can use the information below.Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.
Sign up for Dr Penewits’ latest blogsEmail address: Leave this field empty if you're human: New relationship? Fix your soul 1stIf you have been in a relationship and been hurt then "fix your soul 1st" is something that you understand. […]The mind is the place where it all startsOne thing is certain..the mind never shuts off.
The mind is in constant movement even when you are sleeping. […]To a Sanguine…it’s more than just a hugIf you happen to know a Sanguine then you know that they can be the sunshine on a rainy day, and they tend to draw people to themselves. […]Emotional pain…why does it hurt so much?I want to help answer the question… “Emotional pain…why does it hurt so much”? Let us look at a few things that will help you understand where it comes from. […]I have a Melancholy Mind HELP!!!As a doctor I can safely state that the melancholy mind is one of the most genius prone minds that God made. […]Printable FormsIntake-form (Word)Intake-form (PDF)Donate! Help us to help others!Click here to donate! Help us to help others