http://forum.freeadvice.com/help/cookies
Menu
Home
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
Latest activity
Members
Current visitors
Ask a Question
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
FreeAdvice has a new Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, effective May 25, 2018. By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our Terms of Service and use of cookies.
Help
Cookie usage
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Accident -
Bankruptcy -
Criminal Law / DUI -
Business -
Consumer -
Employment -
Family -
Immigration	-
Real Estate	-
Tax -
Traffic -
Wills 	  Please click a topic or scroll down for more.
This page discusses how cookies are used by this site. If you continue to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of a site you're viewing. This allows the site you're viewing to remember things about you, such as your preferences and history or to keep you logged in.
Cookies may be stored on your computer for a short time (such as only while your browser is open) or for an extended period of time, even years. Cookies not set by this site will not be accessible to us.
Our cookie usage
This site uses cookies for numerous things, including:
Registration and maintaining your preferences. This includes ensuring that you can stay logged in and keeping the site in the language or appearance that you requested.
Analytics. This allows us to determine how people are using the site and improve it.
Advertising cookies (possibly third-party). If this site displays advertising, cookies may be set by the advertisers to determine who has viewed an ad or similar things. These cookies may be set by third parties, in which case this site has no ability to read or write these cookies.
Other third-party cookies for things like Facebook or Twitter sharing. These cookies will generally be set by the third-party independently, so this site will have no ability to access them.
Standard cookies we set
These are the main cookies we set during normal operation of the software.
xf_csrf
Stores a token, unique to you, which is used to verify that the actions you perform on this site were intended to be performed by you.
xf_session
Stores the current ID of your session.
xf_user
Stores a key, unique to you, which allows us to keep you logged in to the software as you navigate from page to page.
Additional cookies and those set by third parties
Additional cookies may be set during the use of the site to remember information as certain actions are being performed, or remembering certain preferences.
Other cookies may be set by third party service providers which may provide information such as tracking anonymously which users are visiting the site, or set by content embedded into some pages, such as YouTube or other media service providers.
Removing/disabling cookies
Managing your cookies and cookie preferences must be done from within your browser's options/preferences. Here is a list of guides on how to do this for popular browser software:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari for macOS
Safari for iOS
More information about cookies
To learn more about cookies, and find more information about blocking certain types of cookies, please visit the ICO website Cookies page.
Find the Right Lawyer for Your Legal Issue!
Fast, Free, and Confidential
Choose a Category »
Auto Accident Injury
DUI
Workers Comp
Bankruptcy
Personal Injury
Divorce
Real Estate
Criminal Defense
Prenuptial
Child Support
Immigration
Family Law
Employment
Copyright
Traffic
Wills
Civil Law
Elder Law
Help
data-ad-format="auto">
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…
Top