http://foundationcenter.org/privacy-policy
Candid at a glance
Candid.
.
See the world. Make it better.
Contact us
Our websites
Candid
Candid Learning
CF Insights
GlassPockets
GrantCraft
GuideStar
IssueLab
Philanthropy News Digest
Our products and services
Foundation Directory Online
Foundation Maps
Foundation Center APIs
Funding Information Network
Grants to Individuals
GuideStar Nonprofit Profiles
GuideStar Pro
GuideStar Charity Check
GuideStar APIs
Knowledge Services
Nonprofit Compensation Report
Nonprofit training
Candid gets you the information you need to do good.
Find us in your community
Find Candid locations by entering zip code, city, state, or country
Candid.
.
©2020 Candid. All rights reserved.
Candid is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, EIN 13-1837418.
Donations are tax-deductible.
Foundation Center
GuideStar
Foundation Center and GuideStar are Candid.
Privacy policy
Revised September 9, 2019Candid considers customer privacy and security a top priority.  As such we wanted to provide you important information on our policies.This Privacy Policy describes the practices, policies, and procedures related to our website located at candid.org, as well as each of the other websites included on the attached Appendix to this Privacy Policy (collectively, all of the websites hereinafter referred to as the “Websites”), including the types of personal information we collect on the Websites, how we may use that information, with whom we share it, and the choices you have regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your information. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices occurring on our Websites, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline or on any of our other websites. By visiting any of our Websites, you are accepting the practices, policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy, and you are further indicating that you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the end of this document.How To Contact UsCandid (the Data Controller) is the owner and operator of the Websites. If you need to contact us for any reason related to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Websites, or you would like to request that you be removed from our database, please contact us at customersuccess@candid.org, or write to us at:
Candid
32 Old Slip, 24th FloorNew York, NY 10005-3500    Purpose for Information Collection.As noted below, you may visit our Websites without being required to provide us with any personally identifying information.  However, should you decide to provide such information, the information we collect will be used to meet your requests, or to provide you with the applicable functionalities, information, products or service requested, and as further described below.The Information We CollectPersonal Information You Provide And How It Is Used: You may freely visit our Websites anonymously and without being required to provide us with any personal information, and without being required to register. However, certain services, requests and features do require that you provide us with some personally identifying information (which may include, but not limited to, name, address, email), as more particularly described below; availing yourself of any of these services, requests and features is voluntary. Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact you.  Please do not send confidential information to us directly through this Websites, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Websites. Generally speaking, we collect personally identifiable information to identify our customers, to respond to e-mail and customer service requests, to register and confirm registrations for programs and services, to process and fulfill product or services orders, for promotional purposes and to otherwise augment our users’ access to and experience with Candid websites. Specifically, this includes collecting personally identifiable information as follows:Email/enewsletter; Content Resources: If you opt to sign up for any of our email newsletters that may be offered on any of our Websites – or opt to subscribe to any one of our “content feeds” -  we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, including your name and email address.  You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by using the link provided in the footer of all such emails.Webinars/online learning: If you register/purchase one of our webinars, we will ask that you provide us with certain personally identifying information, including your name, email address, and when applicable, information related to your payment option.Product and service offerings; Knowledge Resources; Online Tools; Online Training:  We offer a variety of information, resources, online tools, products and services on the Websites.  In some cases, in order to be able to access  of the information, resources, online tools, products and services  – for example our “Foundation Maps” or “Foundation Directory Online” – you will be asked to provide us with certain personally identifiable information about yourself, including but not limited to your name and email address.  In other instances you will be required to register, in which case you will be asked to provide us with a variety of personally identifiable information. Contact Us/Provide Feedback; Request for Quote(s): We provide a number of “contact us” links that allow you to receive additional information, get questions answered, request a quote or provide feedback.  If you opt to contact us for any of these reasons, you will be asked to provide us certain personally identifiable information.Blogs: Some our Websites hosts blogs.  We provide you the ability to comment on our blogs.  If you respond to a blog you will be asked to provide us with some personally identifiable information, such as your name and email address.Live chat: We provide the opportunity for a “live” chat during certain times.  If you opt to initiate a chat, you will be asked to provide us with certain personally identifying information, including your name, emails address and your organization’s address.Logins: For some of our online tools/resources, we provide the option to “login” or register using one of several social media accounts that you may have, i.e. Facebook.  If you opt to login or register via one of your social media accounts, please note that we will have access to certain of the personal information that you have provided to these social media websites. Donate:  Some of our Websites may offer visitors the option to make a donation.  If you make a donation through one of our Websites via the “donate” option, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your phone number, name and home address, as well as your credit card billing information, in order to process the donation. The credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation (and may be used again if you opt to make recurring donations) and will not be stored or used for any other purpose.Online Purchases: Some of our Websites provide the opportunity to shop and purchase certain resources, publications, tools, gift cards and APIs. If you opt to make a purchase, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your name and home address, as well as your credit card billing information, in order to process the transaction. The credit card information that you provide will only be used to process your purchase (and will used again if the transaction is for a recurring purchase) and will not be stored or used for any other purpose. How We Use Personal InformationAny of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
As further described in this Privacy Policy, or as specified at the time that we collect your personal information on the Websites.
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. Candid reserves the right to sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise give aggregated lists of user data which do not contain personally identifiable information.
To send periodic emails - The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It:We also collect certain non-personal information (data in a form that does not support direct association with any specific person or individual) by automated means when you visit the Websites.  Much of this information is collected through the use of third-party tracking services, which includes Google Analytics. The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Websites, pages visited, web browsing histories, your location and device, social networking activities and similar data. When gathered, this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally. This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time, including advertisers and marketers.  In addition to the third-party tracking services mentioned above, we also collect this information through various other means, including "cookies," "web beacons" and IP addresses, as further explained below. In conjunction with advertisements that we may serve on the Websites, we also may use “ad pixels” and/or “trackers” that follows and tracks your activities from an ad placement to specific website use/activities.
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience.  Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.   We use two different types of cookies: session cookies - that track how visitors move through our site during a particular visit; and persistent cookies - small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use these cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.We use the AdWords and Remarketing Lists features of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers. Candid and Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to Candid websites. This means that vendors, including Google, will display Candid promotional material on other sites you visit across the Internet.Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features on our Websites. In some cases, Candid may also use another company to operate web servers for our Websites.  Candid uses the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Web Beacons: Certain pages on the Websites contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. Web beacons also may be used to track whether you have opened an HTML email. When the email is opened, a part of the code that makes up the HTML page calls a web server to load the web beacon that then generates a record showing that the email has been viewed. Web beacons may also recognize when the email was opened, how many times it was forwarded, and which URLs (links within the email) were clicked.
IP Addresses: When you visit and interact with the Websites, the Company and third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an “IP Address”), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet; your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer that you are using.  We gather this information to track web site visitor movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our goal in gathering this information is to learn how our customers and the public are using our service. We may use this information to enhance our Websites or for other lawful purposes.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of industry standard security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. However, no website, application or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the Websites and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.  Third Party WebsitesWe also provide links to a variety of third-party social media sites and/or websites – such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Google+ - in order to provide you additional venues in which you can learn about and discuss the activities of Candid. We also provide links to provide you with additional resources or information - such as job postings, classifieds, etc.  Please note that unless otherwise indicated we have no affiliation with any of these other websites that you may visit via any such links, and cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of such third parties; we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices and policies, if any, prior to providing any personally identifying information to them. We are not responsible for the content or information of these websites, any products, services, advertising or opportunities that may be offered through these websites, or any other use of the linked websites.Can I opt-out of Candid newsletters or other mailings?You may opt-out or unsubscribe from a Candid newsletter, email or mailing. To unsubscribe, please click the unsubscribe link featured at the bottom of the newsletter you received by e-mail, notify us by e-mail at customersuccess@candid.org or write to us at the address listed below.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section.  Otherwise, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, and we require these parties to agree to keep your information confidential. We may also share your personally identifiable information if it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Candid the merger of Candid into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which Candid is not the survivor.   We may also share your personally identifiable information if  required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Websites or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of Candid, its partners and employees, the visitors of the Websites, or the public.  Please note that non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.Access To Personally Identifiable Information; Withdrawal Of ConsentUpon request Candid will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information – or request that we stop any processing of your personal information - by contacting us at customersuccess@candid.org. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.Data RetentionWe will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, or otherwise as is reasonable and customary given the nature of the relationship you have with Candid. Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at customersuccess@candid.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We have a data retention and destruction plan that dictates the policies and procedures related to deletion and/or destruction of all information/data. Transfer Of Information/Data To Other CountriesPlease note that our Platform is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Platform from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Platform, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.Children and Privacy We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Websites that are less than 16 years of age. If you are under the age of 16, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you while accessing/viewing our Websites.  If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 16 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us and will promptly address.The Right To Lodge A ComplaintPlease note that if you are an EU resident, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your information/data with a supervisory authority.
Changes To Our Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below. By continuing to use the Websites after those changes become effective, you consent and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATEThis Privacy Policy is effective as May 25, 2018.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Candid
32 Old Slip, 24th FloorNew York, NY 10005-3500
Foundation Center and GuideStar are now Candid.You were redirected to candid.org from foundationcenter.org.Learn more about Candid.