https://foxsmithlaw.com/privacy-and-data-security/
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and data security issues represent an ever increasing concern across all business sectors.
These issues affect nearly every aspect of business operations from human resources, customer relations, IT, records management, compliance, and litigation. Likewise, the obligations imposed upon businesses of all sizes to safeguarding company, client, employee and third-party information have expanded significantly. Managing these evolving issues with minimal impact to business operations requires skill and expertise.Fox Smith attorneys have represented clients from a variety of industry sectors including health care, pharmaceuticals, medical device companies, chemical manufacturing and refining, and general manufacturing. Our representation has included, class and complex litigation, regulatory compliance, labor and employment, and general transactional assistance. This unique combination of experience means that our multidisciplinary team of attorneys is well positioned to assist our clients to meet their obligations in these areas and manage the associated risks.
In our view, the best approach begins with prevention. We assist our client in understanding the privacy and data security issues applicable to them and then to develop sound policies and practices to achieve compliance and minimize their risks. We also work with consultants skilled at performing a variety of testing to audit our clients existing privacy and data security programs
Of course even the best planning does not mean all breaches can be avoided. Fox Smith attorneys can assist client with development of data breach response planning, regulatory reporting, as well as responding to governmental inquiries and working with regulators. And in the unfortunate event litigation should ensue, our attorneys have a proven track record of successfully handling challenging class and complex litigation in some of the most difficult jurisdictions.
Ryan Mohr