https://fpcbrandon.org/media/fpcb-privacy-policy/
First Presbyterian Church of Brandon (FPCB)
Privacy and Photo/Video Use Policy
(Revised by session: November 17, 2015)
The purpose of this policy is to outline the use of photographs, videos and other personal information that may be used in promoting the activities of the church, including print publications and our church website or Facebook page.
This privacy policy describes the current policies and practices with regard to personal information collected by the First Presbyterian Church of Brandon, through our church office, our website and our Facebook Page.
Personal Information
For Church Staff:
In church publications and online, we list names, work email addresses, and office phone numbers of the pastor(s) and staff.
Adult Members, Youth and Children:
We collect names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses which are shared with the congregation in our Church Photo Directory, Who’s Who in the Pew, and the Happenings Newsletter, as well as, other internal publications approved by the church. This information is not shared online, either directly, or through posting of these publications online. See Website Privacy Policy for our online privacy policy.
Exceptions to the above stated online policy regarding use of names and/or contact information online may be granted by the Head of Staff or by Session if:
The request is in writing (emails accepted for adults age 18 or older)
The person is requesting that his/her own name and/or contact information be published online.
Exceptions do not apply to minors age 17 or younger unless a signed release is obtained from the parent or guardian.
Website Privacy Policy
Your consent
By using the FPCB website you consent to our use of your personal data as described in this privacy policy.
Notification of changes to this policy
We are continually improving and adding new functionality and features to our website. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, we may revise this privacy policy from time to time. If and when the policy changes, we will post a dated notice on our home page informing you that a change has been made.
Use of personal data collected through the website
Information, including but not limited to personal data, that we collect will not be sold, rented, lent, exchanged or used by an individual or entity other than FPCB. This includes, for example, the information you provide when you register for an event or conference, order resource materials, request other services, or when you send us your comments or requests for information.
We use the information you provide for the purposes for which it was originally collected, for example, to respond to your email or to provide the programs or services you requested. We may also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our website, to better understand the needs and interests of the people and organizations that use our website, and to improve our programs and services. This information may be used to contact you in the future to tell you about FPCB programs and services.
Unless we have your permission or are otherwise required by law to release, the personal data provided by you online will only be shared with other PC(USA) entities and governing bodies to enable them to contact you regarding services, benefits, or mission opportunities; or third parties who act on our behalf to further process or analyze the data or protect the security or integrity of our databases or the website; and with our successors in interest through corporate merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. In the event of a release to a third party described above, your personal data will not be released until the third party has agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We, and others with whom we share your personal data, may retain your personal data on file to better serve you. Any destruction of personal data will be done in a manner consistent with the intent of this policy.
Anonymous data collected through this website
In addition to the information you provide when you use this website, we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of the website. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access the website, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which Web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed the site.
This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our website. We use this anonymous data and may share it with third parties for various reasons; for example, to improve the content and functionality of the website, to better understand the needs and interests of our visitors, to improve our programs and services.
Cookies
In order to collect the anonymous data described in the preceding paragraph, we may use temporary “cookies” that collect the first level domain name of the user. For example, if your email address is “name@xyz.com,” the cookie collects the “xyz.com” portion of your email address and the date and time you accessed this Web site. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. Our Web site only uses temporary or “session” cookies. These “session” cookies expire when your browser window is closed.
In order for certain applications on the website to function properly, if at all, it is necessary for your computer to accept cookies.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data on this Web site, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information. If you are a child under the age of thirteen and using this website, please do not give any information about yourself, such as your name, address, birth date, phone number, school or email address. As we develop online programs for children, we will adopt appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy of children.
Links to other sites
This website privacy policy applies only to the FPCB website owned and administered by First Presbyterian Church of Brandon. This site contains many hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or before providing any personal data about yourself.
This website privacy policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
Photo and Video Use Policy on Website and on Facebook Page
The activities and events sponsored by FPCB, including worship services, are considered public and may be photographed. When using photos or videos of events, attendees or members, we will use the following guidelines:
Volunteers photographing events for FPCB should let potential subjects know that photos may be used on the church website and/or Facebook page, and that they have the option to “opt out” if they so choose.
We do not put names as captions in photos online (except for pastor/staff)
We do not post anything that would be embarrassing, objectionable or hurtful to anyone in a photo
We cannot prevent third parties from copying or manipulating images for dishonest purposes
Anyone who does not wish to have his or her photograph or video image, or that of a minor child, used or published by FPCB in any of its printed materials, website, or Facebook Page, may fill out the Photo/Video Opt Out form and return it to the church office.
FPCB-OptOutRequestForm-09.17.2015
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Worship In person Worship Gatherings begin again on August 9 at 9:30am.  You can join us online Sundays at 9:30am on Facebook Live
Quick LinksOnline Giving
FPCB on FaceBook
Presbyterian Church USA
Beth-El Farm Worker Ministry
Meals on Wheels
Family Promise of Brandon
Heifer International
Metropolitan Ministries