http://fplodge.org/privacy
Skip to content
Floral Park Lodge (the “Organization”) recognizes that its members, visitors, users, and others (collectively or individually “Users”) who use www.fplodge.org (the “Website”) value their privacy. This Privacy Notice details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Website. Organization provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Website.
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use. Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use.
Please note that any audio recording, composition, video, image, or other content posted at the direction of Users onto the Website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Notice.
The Information We Collect User Provided Information: In order to operate the Website and to provide you with information about services that may be of interest to you, we may collect “personal information” (i.e., information that could be used to contact you directly (without using the Website) such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address and any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific user), “demographic information” (i.e., information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include but is not limited to your zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, occupation, interests and the content of communications between you and other members over the Websites). Nowhere on the website do we knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old.
Cookies Information
When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies, a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. The Organization uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information
When you use the Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit the Website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website or for customer service purposes).
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
We use cookies and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information;
Information Disclose
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
Our Commitment To Data Security
The Organization uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Organization and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, the Organization makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If the Organization learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. The Organization may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Special Note to International Users
The Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our respective Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
How to Change Your Personally Identifiable Information
After registering, you may review and request to make changes to your personally identifiable information at any time. To review and/or make changes to your personally identifiable information, login to the website and update your profile.
Changes and updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. When we make any changes to our Privacy Policy, we will send a notice to your account informing you that certain changes have been made and encourage you to revisit this web page.
In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.
For revisions to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
Please contact the Organization with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, your personal information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices using this contact form.
Privacy Policy Effective Date:
This Privacy Notice is effective as of September, 2019