https://fqresearch.org/privacy-policy/
Now Trending:
Risk Factors for Fluoroq...
Calcium Oxalate Crystals...
What to Do After Taking ...
One of the Most Bizarre ...
We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting us, you are accepting the privacy policy described below.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your address, phone number or credit card. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you. In addition, if you choose, we may share your information with other companies who provide goods or services that you are interested in. Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection in Section 4 of this policy.
Like many websites, we use “cookies”. Cookies are small programs that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience. If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by going to the toolbar of your web browser, and clicking on the “help” button. Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie. In addition, you may visit this and other websites anonymously through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
Information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. This may include updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Customized Shopping. We use your information to better serve you by providing a customized shopping experience. As noted above, you may “opt-out” of this customization, or even visit and shop anonymously.
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to “opt-out” of receiving such offers. In addition, we may also send you special offers from other companies. Again, you may “opt-out”. If we send you offers from other businesses, we do not share your personal information with them. The offers come directly through us. Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection at the end of this policy.
Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement. If we receive a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk
Your Choice: Opt-in or Opt-out.
It is your choice whether to receive emails or special offers from us or others. The following section provides you with this choice. Please note the default settings.
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
Children
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Other Websites
Various Web sites may be linked to from this site. If you link to another site, your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to check their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance (www.privacyalliance.org).
Additionally,  Our website may contain affiliate marketing links, which means we may get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about. Our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. This disclosure is provided in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR § 255.5: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may contact us for assistance at our Support Desk.
No portion of this website can be copied without written permission from the author.
What Do You Want to Know?
Write for Us
Most Popular
Can Cipro Damage Sense of Smell Too?Can antibiotics damage your sense of smell? A
[…]
The Gulf War Syndrome Cause No One is Talking AboutCould those suffering from Gulf War Syndrome actually
[…]
Should You Drink Grapefruit Juice with Fluoroquinolone Drugs?Should you drink grapefruit juice with Fluoroquinolone
[…]
Nine Tips For Surviving the Damaging Psychological Effects of Fluoroquinolone AntibioticsThis is the second part of a two part series, with
[…]
Write for UsPosts by Category
Adverse Reactions
Anti-Malarial Drugs
Autoimmune Disease
Blood Coagulation Problems
Body Pain
Bronchitis
Candida Overgrowth
Children
Cipro
Death
Diarrhea
DNA Damage
Drug Interactions
Ear/Nose/Throat Problems
Eye and Vision Problems
Fluoroquinolone Advocacy
Gut Microbiome Damage
Healing
Health Conditions
Hearing Loss
Joints/Arthritis
Levaquin
Lyme Disease
Neurologic Problems
News
Ofloxacin
Prostatitis
Psychiatric/Mental Symptoms
Tendon Problems
The Drugs
Trovan
Urinary Tract Problems
© 2020 Fluoroquinolone Toxicity Research.
DMCA Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Curation Policy
Contact Us
About The Fluoroquinolone Toxicity Research Community
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Optin Architect