https://franoutreach.org/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
rule treatment with fo symbol
Franciscan Outreach will collect your personal information when you look to engage with us as a donor, volunteer or other supporter. The information we request will depend upon your purpose in contacting us. At a minimum, we will record your name, mailing address, telephone number(s), and email address. This information is kept under strict security and we promise not to rent, sell or share your information with anybody outside of Franciscan Outreach.
If you are making a donation through the donation portal, we will also collect the amount and purpose of the donation. We process on-line donations through Authorize.net, one of the most widely-used and secure online gateways for payment processing available. We never see your credit card information here at Franciscan Outreach. If you choose to make a donation over the phone, the details of the account information are shredded immediately upon processing of the donation. We never store or save credit card or banking information in our network or on any of our computers. Any person who wishes to make a donation anonymously, will never be referenced by name or other identifier in any of our printed or electronic communications.
In order to help you connect with Franciscan Outreach, we will ask you questions about how you heard about us and what has motivated you to contact our organization. It is completely your decision whether to “opt out” of our communications. There is no obligation to make any contribution if you wish solely to receive the newsletter and social media updates.
We appreciate your interest in joining the effort of Franciscan Outreach to provide healthy meals, safe shelter and critical services to men and women experiencing homelessness in Chicago. To that end, you can trust us with your information, as it will only be used in adherence to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal information, please call Laura Reilly at (773) 278-6724, ext. 2021 or e-mail laura@franoutreach.org.