https://friendlysonsofsaintpatrick.com/privacy-policy/
Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick
New Bedford, Massachusetts
Home
About Us
About Us – Overview
Officers & Board of Directors
Community Involvement
Events & Activities
Photo Gallery
Reference
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
Calendar
News
Flag Sponsor Form
Scholarships
Brick Order Form
Donate
Donate Washburn St. Fire Victims
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to
www.friendlysonsofsaintpatrick.com and Friendly Sons of St. Patrick of New Bedford
Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy,
unless otherwise noted, all references to Friendly Sons of St. Patrick of New Bedford Inc.
include www.friendlysonsofsaintpatrick.com and Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. The
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick website is a news and information site. By using the Friendly
Sons of St. Patrick website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to
us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when
you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a)
registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by
us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d)
sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment
information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we
will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to
services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional
personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick collects and uses your personal information to operate its
website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick may also use your personally identifiable information to
inform you of other products or services available from Friendly Sons of St. Patrick and
its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick may share data with trusted partners to help perform
statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange
for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information
except to provide these services to Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, and they are required to
maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick may disclose your personal information, without notice, if
required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Friendly Sons of
St. Patrick or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Friendly Sons of St.
Patrick; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users
of Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected
by Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. This information can include: your IP address, browser
type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is
used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide
general statistics regarding use of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick website.
Use of Cookies
The Friendly Sons of St. Patrick website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your
online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you
time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a
specific page. For example, if you personalize Friendly Sons of St. Patrick pages, or
register with Friendly Sons of St. Patrick site or services, a cookie helps Friendly Sons of
St. Patrick to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the
process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping
addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Friendly Sons of St. Patrick website,
the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you
prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the
interactive features of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for
the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware
when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects
personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use, or disclosure. Friendly Sons of St. Patrick uses the following methods for this
purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other
websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to
or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the
Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while
we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are
security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control;
and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged
between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick does not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen,
you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Friendly Sons of St. Patrick may contact you via email for the purpose
of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or
other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a
notification when you open an email from Friendly Sons of St. Patrick or click on a link
therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email
from Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, you may opt out of such communications by clicking
on the UNSUBSCRIBE button..
Changes to this Statement
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to
time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal
information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account,
by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on
this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after
such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy
Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick welcomes your questions or comments regarding this
Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Friendly Sons of St. Patrick has not adhered to
this Statement, please contact Friendly Sons of St. Patrick at:
Friendly Sons of St. Patrick of New Bedford Inc.
PO Box 4021
New Bedford, Massachusetts 02741
Email Address:
tech@friendlysonsofsaintpatrick.com
Telephone number:
_________________
Effective as of December 01, 2018
Copyright © 2010 Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick. All rights reserved.
|
website by
New Bedford Internet