https://frostbrowntodd.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content.
About
Diversity & Inclusion
Women’s Initiative
Leadership
Awards & Recognition
Locations
Community Engagement
People
Industries
Energy
Coal
Oil & Gas
Renewables
Utilities
Financial Services
Commercial & Syndicated Lending
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS)
Community Banking & Financial Institutions
Electronic Payments & FinTech
Financial Services Litigation
Multifamily Housing
Public Finance
Franchise & Hospitality
Health Care Innovation
Compliance
Dispute Resolution
Medical Technology
Operations
Transactions
Manufacturing
Agricultural & Heavy Equipment
Consumable Goods
Retail & Household Goods
Fabricated & Component Goods
Hemp
Mobility & Transportation
Automotive
Aviation & Aerospace
Logistics
Private Equity
Acquisitions & Divestitures
Business Lifecycle Planning
Fund Formation & Management
Real Estate Funds
Venture Capital
Technology
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Blockchain
Computer Systems & Software Development
Internet of Things (IoT)
Privacy & Data Security
Practices
Appellate
Bankruptcy & Restructuring
Business & Commercial Litigation
Antitrust
Banking & Financial Disputes
Real Estate & Land Use
Securities & Corporate Disputes
Unfair Competition Litigation
White Collar Criminal Defense
CMBS Lending & Servicing Transactions
Construction
Construction Claims & Claim Defense
Construction Disputes
Public-Private Partnership (P3) Projects
Risk Management & Project Counseling
Schedule & Sequence Impact Analyses
Corporate Law
Closely Held Business Transactions
Equine
General Counsel Services
Investment Management
Mergers & Acquisitions
Private Funds & Investment Partnerships
Public Companies
Securities & Corporate Governance
Startups & Emerging Businesses
Trade & Foreign Law
Employee Benefits & ERISA
Environmental
Estate Planning & Administration
Finance
Government Contracting
Government Services
Municipal, Townships & Counties
Schools, School Districts & Universities
Regulatory & Administrative Law
Insurance Coverage & Bad Faith
Insurance Regulation & Risk Management
Intellectual Property
Advertising
Copyright
Entertainment
IP Litigation
Technology & IP Transactions
Media & First Amendment
Patent
Social Media & Internet
Trademarks
International Services
China Desk
German Desk
India Desk
Japan Desk
Latin America Desk
Middle East & North Africa Desk
Labor & Employment
Affirmative Action & OFCCP
Collective Bargaining & Arbitrations
Employee Safety & OSHA
Employment Discrimination & Wrongful Termination
Immigration
Trade Secrets & Covenants Not to Compete
Union Avoidance / Campaigns
Wage & Hour
Workers’ Compensation
Litigation
Class Actions
Electronic Data Discovery
Trial Work
Product Liability & Tort Litigation
Product Liability
Tort Defense
Public Affairs
Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate Finance
Land Use & Zoning
Shopping Center & Retail Development
Tax
Careers
Law Students
Laterals
Business Professionals
Insights
Coronavirus Response Team
Events
Blogs
Blockchain & Banking
Health Law Matters
Hemp Legally Speaking
Private Equity Industry Blog
Tax Law Defined
Technology Industry Blog
Press Releases
Frost Brown ToddPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website. Please review this Privacy Policy to understand our privacy practices as they relate to your use of our Website.
The Information We Collect
We will collect information you provide to us, which may include personally identifiable information (“PII”). For example, we collect your contact information if you choose to e-mail us with that information. We collect your information when you submit job applications.
We automatically collect information about your computer, such as your IP address or the type of browser you are using, the search terms you use on our Website, the specific web pages you visit on our Website, and the duration of your visits.
Our Use and Sharing of Information About You
We use the PII you provide solely to respond to your inquiry. If you submit a resume by email to Frost Brown Todd in connection with an application for a job or otherwise, we will use it only for the internal application review process. We will not contact you about other matters, unless you specifically request it, nor will we rent, or sell your PII. We will not share your PII outside Frost Brown Todd, except we may share your PII with third parties that perform data services, such as maintenance and back up. Any such third parties will be under an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of your PII.
We use your information in a variety of ways, such as to analyze site traffic (such as aggregated information on the pages visited by our users), which allows us to improve the design and content of our Website. We may use your information in order to provide you with information and services that you request or which we feel may interest you. We may use your information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your information with third parties to achieve these objectives and others. In addition, if you are a client of Frost Brown Todd, we may share information in accordance with our engagement terms.
We may disclose personal information about you as required by law, or with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
We may disclose personal information in the event of a sale or transfer of our business.
Except as set forth above, we will not share your PII without your consent.
Also, we cannot guarantee the protection of the information you send to us by means of unencrypted email, or that may be accessible by others while in transit.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use “cookies” and “web beacons” (also called “clear gifs” or “pixel tags”) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website. “Cookies” are small files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive or your Web browser memory so we can remember who you are, and to provide convenience and other features to you, such as recognizing you as a frequent user of our Website. “Web beacons” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and may be used to track the online movements of users, when an email has been opened, and to provide other information. We use cookies and web beacons to personalize your interaction on our Website and to collect anonymous, aggregated information to assist us in understanding how users use our Website.
We collect and analyze this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our Website, and to evaluate how visitors use our Website. We also use the information we collect to understand client needs and trends, to carry out targeted promotional activities, and to generally help us make our Website more useful to visitors. We do not use any of this information to identify visitors and we do not share it with third parties. Our websites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
We may use your information by itself or aggregate it with similar information we have obtained from others. We may share your information with our affiliates and other third parties to achieve these objectives.
It is important to note that the cookies and Web beacons that we use do not contain and are not tied to personal information.
Disabling Cookies
You are not required to accept cookies. However, some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.
Our Commitment to Security
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this policy or any part of it from time to time. We will post a new or revised policy to our Website, and suggest you review our Privacy Policy periodically.
Contact Us
You may contact us with questions or concerns at info@fbtlaw.com.
Disclaimer
EU Privacy Notice
Subscribe
Client Extranet System
Immigration Case Management
Employee Access
This is an Advertisement
© 2020 Frost Brown Todd LLC
Before you send us any information, know that contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. We cannot represent you until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest with any existing clients. Therefore, please do not send us any information about any legal matter that involves you unless and until you receive a letter from us in which we agree to represent you (an "engagement letter"). Only after you receive an engagement letter will you be our client and be properly able to exchange information with us. If you understand and agree with the foregoing and you are not our client and will not divulge confidential information to us, you may contact us for general information.
Accept Terms
Cancel
Privacy Policy
Email
Add Contact
Assistant
Add Contact
Before you send us any information, know that contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. We cannot represent you until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest with any existing clients. Therefore, please do not send us any information about any legal matter that involves you unless and until you receive a letter from us in which we agree to represent you (an "engagement letter"). Only after you receive an engagement letter will you be our client and be properly able to exchange information with us. If you understand and agree with the foregoing and you are not our client and will not divulge confidential information to us, you may contact us for general information.
Accept Terms
Cancel
Email
Add Contact