https://frostbrowntodd.com/gdpr-privacy-notice/
Skip to Main Content.
About
Diversity & Inclusion
Women’s Initiative
Leadership
Awards & Recognition
Locations
Community Engagement
People
Industries
Energy
Coal
Oil & Gas
Renewables
Utilities
Financial Services
Commercial & Syndicated Lending
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS)
Community Banking & Financial Institutions
Electronic Payments & FinTech
Financial Services Litigation
Multifamily Housing
Public Finance
Franchise & Hospitality
Health Care Innovation
Compliance
Dispute Resolution
Medical Technology
Operations
Transactions
Manufacturing
Agricultural & Heavy Equipment
Consumable Goods
Retail & Household Goods
Fabricated & Component Goods
Hemp
Mobility & Transportation
Automotive
Aviation & Aerospace
Logistics
Private Equity
Acquisitions & Divestitures
Business Lifecycle Planning
Fund Formation & Management
Real Estate Funds
Venture Capital
Technology
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Blockchain
Computer Systems & Software Development
Internet of Things (IoT)
Privacy & Data Security
Practices
Appellate
Bankruptcy & Restructuring
Business & Commercial Litigation
Antitrust
Banking & Financial Disputes
Real Estate & Land Use
Securities & Corporate Disputes
Unfair Competition Litigation
White Collar Criminal Defense
CMBS Lending & Servicing Transactions
Construction
Construction Claims & Claim Defense
Construction Disputes
Public-Private Partnership (P3) Projects
Risk Management & Project Counseling
Schedule & Sequence Impact Analyses
Corporate Law
Closely Held Business Transactions
Equine
General Counsel Services
Investment Management
Mergers & Acquisitions
Private Funds & Investment Partnerships
Public Companies
Securities & Corporate Governance
Startups & Emerging Businesses
Trade & Foreign Law
Employee Benefits & ERISA
Environmental
Estate Planning & Administration
Finance
Government Contracting
Government Services
Municipal, Townships & Counties
Schools, School Districts & Universities
Regulatory & Administrative Law
Insurance Coverage & Bad Faith
Insurance Regulation & Risk Management
Intellectual Property
Advertising
Copyright
Entertainment
IP Litigation
Technology & IP Transactions
Media & First Amendment
Patent
Social Media & Internet
Trademarks
International Services
China Desk
German Desk
India Desk
Japan Desk
Latin America Desk
Middle East & North Africa Desk
Labor & Employment
Affirmative Action & OFCCP
Collective Bargaining & Arbitrations
Employee Safety & OSHA
Employment Discrimination & Wrongful Termination
Immigration
Trade Secrets & Covenants Not to Compete
Union Avoidance / Campaigns
Wage & Hour
Workers’ Compensation
Litigation
Class Actions
Electronic Data Discovery
Trial Work
Product Liability & Tort Litigation
Product Liability
Tort Defense
Public Affairs
Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate Finance
Land Use & Zoning
Shopping Center & Retail Development
Tax
Careers
Law Students
Laterals
Business Professionals
Insights
Coronavirus Response Team
Events
Blogs
Blockchain & Banking
Health Law Matters
Hemp Legally Speaking
Private Equity Industry Blog
Tax Law Defined
Technology Industry Blog
Press Releases
Frost Brown ToddGDPR Privacy Notice
Frost Brown Todd LLC European Union Privacy Notice
Last updated January 31, 2019
Frost Brown Todd LLC is a U.S. based law firm that serves U.S. clients as well as clients located in the European Union (EU) and other countries. In substantially all cases, our clients located in the European Union are legal entities and not natural persons. This European Union Privacy Notice explains how we collect, store, use and delete personal data in connection with the services we provide to our EU clients. This personal data may be from individuals who do business with our clients or individuals employed by our clients, or our business associates, or our service providers.
We may update this European Union Privacy Notice from time to time.
For information on our privacy practices concerning non-EU personal data, please see our Website Privacy Policy.
Our Contact Details
If you wish to contact us about this Privacy Notice, our Privacy Officer is Michael E. Nitardy.
Email: privacyoffice@fbtlaw.com
Telephone: 513-651-6800. Please request to speak to our Privacy Officer.
Website address: frostbrowntodd.com
Postal address:
Privacy Officer
Frost Brown Todd LLC
3300 Great American Tower
301 E. 4th Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Who We Are
Frost Brown Todd is a full-service law firm that provides legal and other client services (“Services”). We collect your personal data when you use our Website or when individuals or businesses engage with us or use our Services. We also collect personal data about individuals as a result of providing the Services to third parties.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect data you give us when your request our Services, such as:
Name
Home address
Telephone numbers
Email address
Other contact details; and
Any information you provide to us.
In the case of some services, such as advice and counsel on estate planning and taxation, or assistance with patent prosecution, we will ask you to provide us with:
Your date of birth,
Social services or health insurance number, or
Other government-issued identification number, documents about your identification such as passport or driver’s license, and financial account or credit card data.
If we are providing you with immigration services, we also collect your sensitive data, such as health data, race, and national origin.  We collect data about your preferences when you complete survey responses or otherwise communicate with us about your attendance at our functions or information such as legal updates that we provide to you. We collect technical data about you, including the type of device (and its unique device identifier) that you use to access our website, your IP address, browser type, time zone setting, and operating systems.
Other Sources of Your Data
We sometimes obtain your personal data from third parties, such as your employer in relation to our provision of Immigration Services, third parties we work closely with, including family members, referral sources, or parties to a transaction in which you or your employer or family member is a party or is otherwise involved. Technical data is provided to us by service providers of technology, payment and delivery services, website analytics providers, and consumer reporting companies.
Why We Collect Your Information
We collect your data because:
You are a client or a prospective client of our firm or you are a supplier or referral source
You otherwise use our Services
You are an employee or otherwise work for a client or a supplier of ours, or for someone who otherwise uses our Services
You are an employee or otherwise work for a party to a transaction in which our firm is involved.
You are related to a client, or
You are someone (or work for someone) to whom we would like to advertise or market our services or events.
What is the Legal Basis and Purpose for Holding Your personal data?
Purpose of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
As part of new client onboarding procedures, we process your personal data to verify your identity, to perform conflict of interest searches.
To prevent misconduct, abuse and misuse particularly as regards illegal activities and suspected fraud
To perform a contract for our Services to which you are a party (an engagement).
For compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject, such as professional ethics obligations, US and EU governmental regulations, and to enforce or defend our legal rights
To carry out your requests for our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our agreements with you, to perform the Services, to respond to RFPs, and to identify business opportunities
Legitimate interests:
to develop and grow our business and Services and promote FBT, to respond to an RFP or a specific request in anticipation of a contract for our Services (an engagement)
To investigate or settle inquiries or disputes, to obtain payment in accordance with our agreement with you
To perform a contract to which you are a party.
For compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject, such as professional ethics obligations, US and EU governmental regulations, and to enforce or defend our legal rights
To enable us to perform the Services, to process business transaction data such as in connection with a merger or acquisition
To perform a contract to which you are a party.
To perform certain services such as Immigration Legal Services
With your consent
To send you legal updates and news, or to otherwise contact you about those of our Services we think may interest you, by email
Legitimate interest – to develop and grow our business and Services and promote FBT
To better understand how you and others use our Services, so that we can improve our Site and Services, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Legitimate interest – to ensure that we provide the best services and to develop and grow our business and Services and promote FBT
When we rely upon our legitimate interests for processing your data, we will balance those interests against your privacy rights and will not use your personal data where the impact on you would override your rights, unless we are otherwise permitted by law to process your personal data, e.g., where you consent.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data on an ongoing basis in accordance with the table below, or as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
Additionally, we will retain your personal data according to the following schedule:
Type of Data
Retention Period
Contact Information
So long as we have a legitimate interest to inform you of our services
Client Files
Depending on the state where we provided the Services we keep your files for a minimum of 10 years following termination of our contractual relationship or closure of the matter, and longer periods for environmental and intellectual property matters. We need to keep records for this period for regulatory compliance and to ensure our records are adequate for the purposes of obtaining insurance to protect our clients and other parties.
Employment Applications and Resumes, Human Resources files
6 years after employment relationship has terminated, or 30 days from the date of conclusion of the application for non-successful non-attorney candidates and 4 years for attorney candidates.
Website Data
26 months
On-client Health Records, Race, National Origin, and other sensitive data
Until our contractual relationship has terminated.
We are required to retain certain client confidential and personal data in accordance with the law, such as data needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept is also governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. We generally retain files and data regarding client engagements and matters for which we have been retained for at least 10 years from the date of our last interaction with the relevant client or the date the matter was closed in our systems, in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws, professional ethical obligations, or for longer where required to protect our legal rights and interests or those of others.
Your Data Privacy Rights
You have important rights that you may exercise to protect your personal data. You may access those rights at any time by contacting us at privacyoffice@fbtlaw.com.
You have the following rights concerning your personal data that we hold and process that you can exercise at any time:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the data that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to judicial review: if FBT refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in the process below.
Please note: we will not be able to delete data that is required to maintain our business purpose or that is required to facilitate your contract with us. All the above requests will be forwarded on to other parties holding and processing your data where appropriate.
We may require that you verify your identity by a process we will communicate to you at that time.
Under what circumstances will FBT contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the data you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure.
Consent
For certain types of sensitive data, we have asked for your consent to use the data for certain described purposes at the time you provided it. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
When you give us your consent, you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purpose identified in the consent request. Where we ask you for additional personal data, we will obtain your consent to our proposed use of that data where required, and always tell you why and how the data will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by sending an email or letter to our Privacy Offices.
Sharing with Third Parties
We may pass your personal data on to trusted third-party service providers contracted by FBT to perform certain services for us, or to collaborate directly with you.
Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only for the purposes and to complete the tasks identified by FBT. When they no longer need your data to fulfill this service, they are required to dispose of the details in line with FBT’s procedures.
International transfer of personal data
FBT may transfer your personal data within FBT and/or to other third parties, such as our third-party service providers. Your personal data may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected. This may include the United States. When we do so, we transfer the data in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In particular, we have implemented safeguards in the form of an Information Sharing Agreement that uses the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.  You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting our Privacy Officer.
Safeguarding personal data
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the data under our control.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data where appropriate to those persons within FBT and third parties who have a business need to access your data. They will only process your data in accordance with our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. In certain cases, we have given you access to your personal data by means of a login and password. You are responsible for keeping this password safe and secure.
Unfortunately, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any data you disclose or transmit to us online and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable data.
Questions and Problems
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we handle your personal data, you can contact our Privacy Officer as follows:
By Email: privacyoffice@fbtlaw.com
By Postal Mail:
Privacy Officer
Frost Brown Todd LLC
3300 Great American Tower
301 E. 4th Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
If you are not satisfied with our response you can complain to the data supervisory authority for the country in which you reside.
Disclaimer
EU Privacy Notice
Subscribe
Client Extranet System
Immigration Case Management
Employee Access
This is an Advertisement
© 2020 Frost Brown Todd LLC
Before you send us any information, know that contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. We cannot represent you until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest with any existing clients. Therefore, please do not send us any information about any legal matter that involves you unless and until you receive a letter from us in which we agree to represent you (an "engagement letter"). Only after you receive an engagement letter will you be our client and be properly able to exchange information with us. If you understand and agree with the foregoing and you are not our client and will not divulge confidential information to us, you may contact us for general information.
Accept Terms
Cancel
GDPR Privacy Notice
Email
Add Contact
Assistant
Add Contact
Before you send us any information, know that contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. We cannot represent you until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest with any existing clients. Therefore, please do not send us any information about any legal matter that involves you unless and until you receive a letter from us in which we agree to represent you (an "engagement letter"). Only after you receive an engagement letter will you be our client and be properly able to exchange information with us. If you understand and agree with the foregoing and you are not our client and will not divulge confidential information to us, you may contact us for general information.
Accept Terms
Cancel
Email
Add Contact