https://funattic.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate• We only provide articles and information, we never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By emailing us
How does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify the users via email• Within 1 business dayWe will notify the users via in site notification• Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:• NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters• Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
NAI/IAB
We are compliant with the policies of several industry groups that focus on effective communication, best practices, and policy review in the field of Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA). These organizations include the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB). We are compliant with both the NAI and DAA self-regulatory codes. We believe that delivering targeted and relevant advertising enhances your internet experience.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
Recent Posts41 Fun Youth Group IcebreakersDecember 4, 202017 Great Indoor Team Building GamesDecember 1, 202075 Questions to Ask a Girl to Get to Know Her a Little BetterNovember 26, 202020 Christian Icebreakers for Small and Big Groups of All AgesNovember 24, 202041 Catchy Youth Group NamesNovember 18, 2020 Subscribe for Updates
Recent Posts
41 Fun Youth Group Icebreakers
17 Great Indoor Team Building Games
75 Questions to Ask a Girl to Get to Know Her a Little Better
20 Christian Icebreakers for Small and Big Groups of All Ages
41 Catchy Youth Group Names
21 Fun Campfire Games to Try this Year with Your Adult Friends
200+ Never Have I Ever Game Questions to Play This Year
17 Get to Know You Games to Try this Year
5 Romantic Picnic Ideas
7 Virtual Meeting Icebreakers
20 Fundraising Ideas for College Clubs
8 Fundraising Ideas for Teens
Fun Family Activities
17 Tips on How To Be Funny [Infographic]
11 Best River Float Tubes in 2020 | Reviews and Recommendations
50 Fun Challenges for Teens to Try This Summer
220+ Newlywed Game Questions for Large Groups
How to Play Fishbowl Game: Rules, Regulations, and Tips
The Best 333 Truth or Dare Questions For Any Occasion
7 Board Marble Games
The 5 Best Disc Golf Discs You Can Buy Today (Reviews)
9 Icebreaker Games for Adults
25 Glow In The Dark Party Ideas | All You Need to Know
5 Best Splitting Maul Reviews and Recommendations
120+ Cute Names To Call Your Girlfriend This Year
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
July 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
April 2016
Name*Email*
Please accept terms & condition
Funattic.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Scroll to top