http://fundandedutain.com/privacy-policy/
+ Cart: 0 items - $0.00
Contact Us Today
Everybody@fundandedutain.com
Follow Us:
Home Page
Free Program Information
Subscribe Now
Gift Fund Program
Everybody’s Input
About Us
Contact Us
Classifieds, Programs, Products
Fundraising Programs & Products
Educational Programs & Products
Other Programs & Products
Advertisers Index
Top Pick Programs
Our Guide
Current Edition
Previous Articles --Select--Previous Articles201620152011-Sp/Sum/Fall/Winter2010-Sp/Sum/Fall/Winter2009-Sp/Sum/Fall/Winter2008-Sp/Sum/Fall/Winter2007-Spring/Summer/F/W2006-Winter/Spring2006-Summer/Fall2005-Spring/Summer/F/W2001-Summer/Fall2001-Spring/Summer2000-Spring/Summer/F/W
Non-Profit Affiliates
Stop & Shop
Subscriptions
Products
Advertising Purchases
Classified Advertising
Display Advertising
Email Advertising
Website Banner Advertising
Select a Program or Product
Please check boxes or type in a specific request below.
Fundraising Programs Educational Programs Children's Safe Sites Environment & Health Grants for Non-Profits Earn & Shop Programs Email & Marketing
Or a Specific Request:
Your Information
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Title:
*
Subject:
Organization:
*
Email:
*
Phone:
Address:
City:
State: *
Zip: *
Security Confirm:
Enter the Number above:
* Required fields
Privacy Policy/Refund and Cancellation/Shipping and Delivery
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy, Refunds and Cancellation, Shipping and Delivery
Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Fund & Edutain Guide/Gift-Fund Program collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.fundandedutain.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Fund & Edutain Guide/Gift-Fund Program.
Acceptance of Terms Through Use and or Placing an Order for Products & Services
By using Fund & Edutain Guide’s website and or services, www.fundandedutain.com (the “Site”), you agree to be bound by all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the “Terms of Use”). We may change the Terms of Use at any time by posting revisions to the Site, and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, we urge you to review the Terms of Use, and if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please exit the Site immediately or notify us in writing to discontinue services.
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Fund & Edutain Guide/Gift-Fund Program collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
– To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
– To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To share your information with third parties
We may share or sell information with third parties for the purposes of providing you fundraising and educational program information including other products that may be helpful to you and your organization.
– To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes including providing you information about fundraising and educational program information including other products that may be helpful to you and your organization.- To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Changes to this privacy policy
Fund & Edutain Guide/Gift-Fund Program has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Refund Policy
Email-marketing, software, programming and support services
These Terms of Use affect your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use, do not access or use the Service. E-mail marketing software, programming and support services follow the same principle as software – once ordered, opened, or used the sale is final. Due to the nature of the work, all sales are final and non-refundable. By processing your order and submitting your contact information, you are entering into a binding purchase contract. I authorize Fund & Edutain Guide to charge me in full for all products & services purchased from Fund & Edutain and its affiliate sites. I further affirm that the name and the personal information provided on this form are true and correct. I further declare that I have read and I understand and accept Fund & Edutain Guide terms as published on the web site www.fundandedutain.com
A. Limitations
Here are some important limitations that you should be aware of:
Fund & Edutain Guide cannot guarantee that your messages will be accepted by receiving ISPs or, once accepted, delivered to the INBOX by the receiving ISPs.
Fund & Edutain Guide can only send messages as fast as remote servers will accept them. If remote SMTP servers are responding slowly or your network is performing slowly, Fund and Edutain Guide will accept messages slowly.
B. Requirements for e-mail marketing servers
A server running either Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Linux or a Windows Server on which we can install Linux in a virtual machine.
Plenty of RAM and CPU. (We can provide specific hardware recommendations for your desired sending volume and speed.)
Root access to your server for installation and testing
We recommend a dedicated disk for the message queue or Solid State Disks for high volume servers.
C. Acceptable Use Policy
Licensee agrees that it shall use Licensed Software only in accordance with the Acceptable Use Policy below. Licensee understands and agrees that its obligations hereunder also extend to any materials or content transmitted through Fund & Edutain Guide servers on behalf of a customer of Licensee.
Acceptable Use Policy:
Fund & Edutain Guide does not provide consulting services or sell Fund and Edutain Guide services in support of: unsolicited bulk e-mail, or sexually explicit content.
Unsolicited means that the Recipient has not granted permission for the message to be sent. Bulk means that the message is sent as part of a larger collection of messages, all having substantively identical content.
Exception: Updates with relevant information to customers with an established business relationship to the sender (who may not have actually given specific permission to receive updates) is okay as long as the customer can easily opt-out of the updates.
If the application of this policy to your sending is not clear, please ask.
If Fund & Edutain Guide determines that Licensee is using Fund & Edutain Guide services in violation of the above Acceptable Use Policy, then Fund & Edutain Guide may terminate this agreement.
D. Disclaimer of Warranty
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY FUND & EDUTAIN GUIDE “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DRH INTERNET INC. OR ITS EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, OR OWNERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
E. Cancellation
To cancel your order you must send an email to sales@fundandedutain.com. or call 760 753-7550. If your order has been already processed we are not responsible for the administrative costs incurred.
Email cancellations must contain the following: First name, last name, order number, and email address. This information must be identical to the information originally submitted on your order. Please provide contact information so that we may contact you if we have questions in regards to canceling your order.
Advertising Cancellation and Refunds: Due to the automatic nature of our billing system and the allocation of a percentage of transaction fees to charitable community support programs, Gift-Fund Program and Fund & Edutain Guide maintain a no-refund policy for advertising, sponsorship, or listing contracts. Customers are bound to the terms and costs as defined in their sales contract. If a customer cancels an account prior to the expiration of the contract term, the customer must pay the balance of the contract in full as well as any applicable early cancellation fees.
Subscription Cancellation and Refunds: Paid subscribers to Fund & Edutain Guide must submit a written notice to terminate an account and stop automatic billing at least thirty days in advance of the termination. Every effort will be made to accommodate the cancellation of your order, providing your order has not been charged. Refunds are not available on advertising purchases for reserved space.
Product Cancellation and Refunds: Products purchased from Gift Fund Program/Fund & Edutain Guide and it’s affiliates can be returned in new condition to supplier within 30 days of receipt of shipment. For information about how your refund will be determined, please see distributor information for specific product.
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping and delivery is not applicable to most of our online services on FundandEdutain.com.
For products handled by affiliate companies general policies include the following:
Delivery
Most orders are shipped within 48-72 hours Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm. (see affiliate distributor information on specific products)
Carriers
Our affiliates use the following carriers to deliver orders:
USPS
UPS
FedEx
DHL
Order Tracking
If a tracking # is provided by the shipping carrier, we will update your order with the tracking information. Please note that some orders using 1st Class USPS mail will not have tracking numbers.
Shipping Rates
The rate charged for the shipping of your order is based on the number of units or the weight of your products, and your location. Before the final checkout page you will be shown what the cost of shipping will be, and you will have a chance to not place your order if you decide not to.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Fund & Edutain Guide
Gift Fund Program:
1042- B N. El Camino Real Ste 328
Encinitas, CA 92024
760 753-7550
everybody@fundandedutain.com
www.fundandedutain.com
This document was last updated on January 1, 2013
Privacy policy created by Generate Privacy Policy
Home
Free Program Information
Gift Fund Program
Everybody’s Input
About Us
Contact Us
Classifieds, Programs, Products
Top Pick Programs
Our Guide/Articles
Non-Profit Affiliates
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 FundandEdutain.com