http://fwcc.world/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Sustainability
Sustainability overview
FWCC’s Sustainability Statements
Get involved
Sustainability Resources
Young Quakers Worldwide for Climate Action, Peace, and Justice
Quakers and Climate Change Worldwide (external link) External link
About
FWCC Overview
FWCC Governance
General Secretary Search
CEC Minutes
Trustees reports and accounts
Sustainability Policies
Friends Worldwide
Kinds of Friends
Find Friends and Meetings/Churches
Africa
Asia-West Pacific
Americas
Europe and Middle East
Online Worship
International Membership
Epistles
Calendar of Yearly Meetings, 2020
Calendar of Yearly Meetings, 2021
Faith in Action
Service projects
Quaker United Nations work
News & Events
FWCC News
A Friendly Advent
World Quaker DayExternal link
World Gatherings
2016 World Plenary Meeting (IRM)
News from the World Plenary
Reunión Plenaria Mundial (RIR) del CMCA 2016
Noticias actuales del Plenario Mundial
2012 International Representatives Meeting Minutes
Events
Quaker Conversations
E-newsletters
Friends World News
Contacts
Contact us
How we use your data
Donate
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR). This includes information submitted voluntarily by you through a form or gathered automatically as you visit this website.
You should not submit any sensitive or private information through this website except through acknowledged secure areas. The owners of this website accept no responsibility for data submitted through insecure areas of this website.
By submitting your contact details to us, you agree that we may contact you or send you marketing materials. Under European law you have the right to find out what information we hold about you, and to have it amended or deleted. Please contact us if you wish to do this.
This website uses cookies which are stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser settings to prevent this happening. However, by disabling cookies, or certain types of cookie, you may hinder your user experience on this and other websites, or prevent them from working entirely.
Some cookies used on this website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like the donation page, cannot be provided.
Some cookies used on this website collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Cookies may also be used to improve the user experience and to enable some of the functionality provided by this website.
Please note that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions (or other services) for us. Cookies are used on this website for the following third party services: Google Analytics, Facebook Like Button, YouTube videos and Statcounter.com. Some of these services may be used to track your behaviour on other websites and we have no control over this.
By continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser’s cookie settings, you agree that we can place these cookies on your device.
As is true with most websites, our server will automatically log data regarding each visit such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may use this information to monitor server errors, server administration or to monitor visitor behaviour. It is not possible for this to be disabled on a per-user basis so you must leave this website (and the internet entirely) if you do not agree to this happening.
This privacy policy applies to this website only and does not apply to any websites that this website may link to.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
See also: How we handle your personal information
Share via:
Support FWCC
Donate
Your valuable donation helps to continue the work of FWCC.
Keep in touch with FWCC Sign up for our E-Newsletter
and Friends World News
Read Friends World News
Recent FWCC news
Could you be the next Programme Assistant in QUNO, NY?
(no title)
Faiths Unite: Visions for Transformative Climate Action
On behalf of Quakers around the world, FWCC signed a letter along with 858 signatures to appeal to the Human Rights Council to recognize, without delay, the right to a ”safe, clean, healthy, and sustainable environment” for all.
Expressing witness through armchair campaigning in the time of COVID-19 lockdown, summer 2020
Connect with the Section Offices Below
Five offices serving and connecting Quakers around the world
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping FWCC to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can turn off these cookies by clicking on the tab on the left. However, if you disable these cookies, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Read our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes