https://garrett-engineers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
December, 2018Privacy PolicySUBMIT NEW CASE
How We Collect and Use Information
At Garrett Engineers Inc., your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you may make about the way your information is collected and used.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.garrett-engineers.com website. On this page, you may make requests for us to communicate back with you.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Company
Phone number
Email address
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself and potentially about a case when contacting us online only to complete that case. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that case, or as required by law. We use your return email address to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our monthly newsletter, the Garagram. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 562-997-3013 or send us an email at assignments@garrett-engineers.com.
We collect the following types of information about you:
Information you provide us directly:
We ask for certain information such as your name, email address and phone number when you correspond with us. We may also retain any messages you send through our website, and may collect information you provide to us.  We use this information to operate, maintain, communicate and provide to you the services offered by Garrett Engineers Inc. Information we may receive from third parties:
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” Garrett Engineers Inc, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to us. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to Garrett Engineers Inc. You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service.
Analytics information:
We may directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools and services, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
Cookies information:
When you visit Garrett Engineers Inc., we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear gifs/web beacons information:
When you use Garrett Engineers Inc., we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
Device identifiers:
When you access our site by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Garrett Engineers Inc. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Location data:
When you access Garrett Engineers Inc., by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service. Some features of the Service, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
Commercial and marketing communications:
We use the information we collect or receive, such as your email address, to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions, and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences. We also use your information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates and other important communications, etc.). You may not opt out of Service-related emails.
Use of certain service type information we collect about you:
We use or may use cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (g) to provide advertising to your browser or device, and (h) automatically update the Garrett Engineers Inc application on your mobile devices.
Sharing of Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties without your consent. In the event of a change of ownership and/or control:
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
Instances where we are required to share your information:
Garrett Engineers Inc., will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security, quality or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Garrett Engineers Inc., our Users, or others.
Sharing certain service type information we collect about you:
We may share certain service type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): (i) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “How We Collect and Use Information.” We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.
Your choices about your information:
You control your information and settings: You may update your information and email-communication preferences at any time by emailing us your preferences. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by modifying your preferences.
We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you may contact us directly at assignments@garrett-engineers.com.
Links to Other Websites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook, Google groups, or an IRC chatroom) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through our site.
close
Submit a new case
Your Name *
Your Company
Street Address
City, State, Zipcode
Email *
Phone Number *
Claim/File Number *
Date of Loss
Insured's Name
Case Description
Documents shipped or emailed to assignments@garrett-engineers.com in support of this analysis
Color PhotographsParticipant & Witness StatementsLaser Color PhotocopiesB/W PhotocopiesPolice ReportsOtherRepair Estimates