https://gayauthors.org/help/
Jump to content
Home
Search In
Everywhere
Pages
More options...
Find results that contain...
Any of my search term words
All of my search term words
Find results in...
Content titles and body
Content titles only
Home
Forums
Stories
Authors
Blogs
Gallery
Clubs
Help
More
More
Story Updates
Home
Help | Gay Authors | Gay Stories
Gay Authors - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
This page consolidates all of our help topics into one place to make it easier for people to find what they are looking for. If the help here is not sufficient, please open a support ticket by selecting "Contact Us" at the bottom of any page and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.
Be sure to check out the side menu (desktop) or bottom menu (mobile) for further helpful links.
You can also browse the Frequently Asked Questions Database directly by going here: FAQ.
General
How do I contact Gay Authors if I have an issue the FAQ does not address?
Do I have to register to participate in the GA Forums?
How much does it cost to register?
Do I have to agree to the site rules (Terms of Service) in order to register?
I'm a teenager, can I register at Gay Authors?
How do I create an account?
What is the age requirement to register at Gay Authors?
Do I have to have a valid email to register?
What, if any, legal information should I know before joining Gay Authors?
What is Gay Author's Privacy Policy?
What are the rules on Gay Authors?
What are the guidelines for using Gay Authors?
How do I add a signature to my profile and posts?
What do I do if I feel harassed by someone on the site?
What are warnings, and why did I get one?
What are site bans?
What is the age requirement to register at Gay Authors?
Do I have to agree to the site rules (Terms of Service) in order to register?
Do I have to have a valid email to register?
What, if any, legal information should I know before joining Gay Authors?
How Do I Find the list of the Site Staff?
How do I see my Support Requests?
Profiles
How do I find my profile?
How do I edit what appears my profile?
Can I import information from other sites such as Facebook?
How do I add images to my profile?
How do I add a signature to my profile?
How do I ignore other members?
What is the warning on my profile about?
Why must I display my age on my profile?
Forums
What are the forums?
What are the different forums for?
I noticed that the Lounge states that no politics are allowed, is there anywhere on the forums to discuss politics?
Can I send a message to more than one person?
How can I send messages to other members?
What is the envelope in the upper right corner?
What is the little bell icon in the upper right corner?
I’ve made the necessary number of posts, but I still can’t use areas of the forums, why?
How do I post a status update?
What is not allowed on the forums?
Why did you lock a topic on the forums?
What is not allowed on the forums?
What do I do if I see a violation in the forums?
I want to reply to a specific person’s post, how do I do that?
How do I use @mentions on the forums?
What languages can I use in the forums?
Can I start a topic on an article or story I read somewhere else?
A topic I’m involved in has evolved into me and another person basically talking back and forth, what should I do?
What should I do if a discussion strays “off-topic”?
Can I start my own topic?
Do I have to read an entire topic to participate?
How do I use Spoiler Tags?
What is the difference between Following a member, Following an Author and Following a Story?
Store
What is a Billing Agreement?
Do I need to have my Address on my account?
What are Alternate Contacts?
How do I manage my purchases?
Do I need to have my Personal Information stored on the site?
What is an Account Credit?
How do I see my Past Orders?
How do I redeem a Gift Card?
Can I buy a gift card for someone on Gay Authors?
What is the Gay Author's Store?
Gallery
What can be posted in the Gallery?
Is there a size limit to how much I can post in the gallery?
Why won't it let me post in the gallery?
How do I add an image/ create an album in the gallery?
Where can I view my images?
How can I create a photo collage in MS Paint?
Blogs
What is a blog?
Can I create a blog?
How do I create a blog?
How do I post to my blog?
Can I create more than one blog?
How do I get to my blog?
Calendar
Where can I view the Gay Authors calendar?
Can I add Events to the Calendar?
Authors
Becoming an Author: What must I do before I can post a story?
What are Promoted Authors?
How do I become a Promising or Signature Author?
What will prevent me from becoming a Promoted Author?
How do Likes Work on GA?
What are the Gay Authors Anthologies?
Who can write for the Gay Authors Anthologies?
Stories System
What types of stories are not allowed on GA?
How do I get my story ready to post on GA?
What is the Moderation Queue?
How do I post a story on GA?
How do I add a chapter to an existing story?
How often can I add new chapters and stories?
How do I edit a story?
How do I edit a chapter?
How do I submit a story to post-date and publish at a late date and time?
How do I set up a Series?(or  World)
How do I use the Story Quick Search and Author Quick Search?
What is a Story World?
How do I add a Story to a Series or a World?
What are Reading Stats?
What are those large numbers on reading stats?
What are the Top Recommended Stories?
How Do I recommend a story using the system?
How do I change or remove a story recommendation in the system?
How do I set an Author Discussion location?
How do I set a Story Discussion location?
Tips and Tricks
How do I make my story the best it can be?
How do I get people to see my work on GA?
Reader Questions
How do I access a story to read on Gay Authors?
How can I help support authors I enjoy?
How do I review a story?
How do I follow a story?
What does it mean to follow an author?
How can I share my favorite stories off GA?
What is Premium?
How do I become a Premium subscriber?
How do I renew my Premium subscriber membership?
How can I get help with my Premium subscription?
How do I make it easier to read stories? (How do I use the Chapter Text Controls?)
Advertiser's FAQ
How do I run my ad on Gay Authors?
This page was last updated on July 8, 2020.
Help Links
Help Home
FAQ Topics
Report Copyright/DCMA Issue
Writing Resources
Become an Author on Gay Authors
Teen Resources
Support Requests
Pricing and Refund Policies
Site Rules and Guidelines
Gay Authors Staff
About Gay Authors
Story Updates
Home
Help | Gay Authors | Gay Stories
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Home
Forums
Stories
Authors
Blogs
Gallery
Clubs
Help
×
Create New...
Important Information
Our Privacy Policy can be found here. We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue..
I accept