https://gayauthors.org/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
Story Updates
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. So this notice is easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analyzed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognized by our web servers.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.  People living in the EU should be aware that the GDPR sets the age at 16.  You are responsible for following the law in your jurisdiction.
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are also used by Google Analytics, Google Ad Manager, and Google AdSense, which helps monitor our traffic and target advertising to guests. Data is shared with Google that includes browser behavior but does not include any identifying information on its own.
Google Analytics And Advertising
Gay Authors has activated advertising features as part of Google Analytics. We cannot and do not connect user-identifiable information to any information shared with Google. The data shared is restricted to browser information.
You can opt-out of Analytics Data by using Google's Opt-Out Tool: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
We receive Demographic Information from Google. https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357
You can opt-out of personalized advertising at this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads
EU can revoke Opt-in here: revoke your choice.
Activity and Reputation System
We want to state explicitly that public actions that occur on the site are publicly displayed in both the activity section of the site as well as on the user's profile.
Some examples of Public Actions:
Like/Reactions
Posting Topics/Posts
Status updates
Story Statistics and Reading History
Gay Authors records additional data that is used for statistics and the Reading History system.  No personal data is recorded.  Reading History data will be available only to the Member and administrative staff unless the Member actively chooses to make the data public. Reading history is stored for up to 30 days depending on reading volume.
This policy was last updated on September 4, 2020.
Gay Authors, 8417 Oswego RD #116, Baldwinsville, New York, 13027
Third Parties
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Story Updates
Home
Privacy Policy
Important Information
Our Privacy Policy can be found here. We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue..
I accept