https://gaylesbiantimes.com/privacy-policy
Share your Review
Disclaimer
Disclosure
Terms
About
Twitter
Sexual health
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy for Gaylesbiantimes.comLog FilesCookies and Web BeaconsOur Advertising PartnersPrivacy PoliciesThird-Party Privacy PoliciesChildren’s InformationOnline Privacy Policy OnlyConsent
Privacy Policy for Gaylesbiantimes.com
At Gay Lesbian Times(PMH), accessible from https://gaylesbiantimes.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that are collected and recorded by GayLesbianTimes.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
Gay Lesbian Times follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Gay Lesbian Times uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Googlehttps://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Gay Lesbian Times.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Gay Lesbian Times, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Gay Lesbian Times has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Gay Lesbian Times’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Gay Lesbian Times does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Gay Lesbian Times. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Most Comfortable Extender (#1 Best Seller)
*Clinically Proven for results.
*Phallosan harnesses vacuum power to provide long-lasting results. The medically-backed penis extender is easy to use, comfortable, and backed by clinical studies as well as thousands of real users. .
About Me
My name is Smith Jackson. I am a trained, fitness expert with 10+ years of experience in coaching professional athletes. I also have 7+ years of experience as a sex coach. I help people to overcome their sexual concerns.
Best Erection Pills
Vigrx Plus
Official WebsiteRead Review
Male Extra
Official WebsiteRead Review
Extenze Plus
Official WebsiteRead Review
Top Rated Penis Pumps
Bathmate (Also know as Hydromax)
Official WebsiteRead Review
Best Penis Extender
Phallosan Forte Review #REAL Results & Gains (2020)
Official websiteRead Review
SizeGenetics Review [2020]- Does it really work? My Results
Official websiteRead Review
Deals & Coupons
Best Offers!
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.