https://gbrussia.org/privacy/
ABOUT US
JOIN
PROGRAMME
HOW TO BOOK
POSTS
JOURNAL
CONTACT
LINKS
PRIVACY
HOME
LOGIN
BASKET
Remember me
This will place a cookie on your computer. If you are using a public computer, please untick this box
Forgotten username or password?
The Great Britain -Russia Society
Privacy Great Britain-Russia Society – PRIVACY NOTICE:
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT WE DO WITH IT
The Great Britain-Russia Society (“the Society”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. In legal terms, the members of the Committee are ‘data controllers’ of your personal information and are subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“the GDPR”), which came into force on 25 May 2018.
The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to fulfil the Committee’s obligations under the GDPR with regard to providing you, our Members, with information on how we process your personal information, how we use it and what your rights are in relation to it.
What personal information we have
We hold some or all of the following types of personal information about you:
• Your name;
• Contact details – including e-mail address(es), telephone number(s) and postal address(es).
Where we get your personal information from
We may collect your personal information in a few limited ways, namely:
• Directly from you;
• From someone else on your behalf.
Our legal basis for using your personal information
As members of the Committee, we have a legitimate interest in administering the business of the Society as a charity and in fulfilling our obligations to you as members of the Society. Accordingly, personal information collected and processed by us may be used for the following purposes (and only for those purposes):
• Administration of membership;
• Communicating with you on membership-related matter and notifying you of changes to charges and events.
Communications
We will only send you what we would describe as essential communications to fulfil our obligations to you as members of the Society. These are limited to renewal reminders (including any required follow-up by e-mail). We may also, very occasionally, contact you by e-mail to advise you of events.
Sharing your personal information with others
We will not disclose any of your personal information to any third party without your consent.
How long we keep your personal information for
We hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose for which we use it. For most e-mail list data, this means we retain it for so long as you remain on our e-mail list and for a period of six years after your last interaction with us.
Your rights in relation to your personal information
You have rights in relation to personal information we have about you. You have the right to:
• request access to your information and to obtain information about how we process it;
• make a request to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate, and completed if it is incomplete;
• request that we erase your personal information
• request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
• receive from us the personal information we hold about you which you have provided to us, in a reasonable format specified by you; and
• object to us processing your personal information.
You can exercise all these rights free of charge. Please note that the above rights are not absolute, and we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply, for example, if we can show our processing is necessary for a lawful purpose set out in this Privacy Notice.
The Society’s contact details for exercising these rights are set out below.
Contact and further information
If you have any queries about this Privacy Notice or how we process your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights under applicable law, you may contact the Chairman by e-mail: chairman@nullgbrussia.org
If you have concerns about the way we handle your personal information, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or raise a complaint at www.ico.org.uk/concerns, or call its helpline o 0303 123 1113.
You can find out more about your rights under applicable data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner’s Office website: www.ico.org.uk
October 2018
Registered Charity Number 1148802; Company Number 8143145;
Website by Pelinor; Header by MvB