https://gdmhabitat.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies when you make a donation, register for an event, or otherwise provide us with information via the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Website located at www.gdmhabitat.org and any other domain names owned or controlled by Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity (the “Website”) or in another manner, such as via telephone, email, regular mail, social media, at a special event, in response to a solicitation, or face-to-face. By using the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity does not read any of your private online communications.
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity and Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity collects and uses your personal information to operate the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity and its affiliates. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity, in order to determine what Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity pages, or register with Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity site or services, a cookie helps Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Donor Privacy Policy
The privacy of your personal information is of the utmost importance to Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity. Any information gathered by Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity will be kept strictly confidential. We will only share personally identifiable information with a third party if we are required to by law or it is necessary for completing an authorized operation, for instance to process a credit card transaction. The information, which Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity gathers, is used solely to accurately credit and recognize individual donor contributions. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity will not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to any third party. We will take special care to protect the privacy and security of your information.
Interest Based Advertising and IP Targeting
We may work with data providers to serve advertising to you through display media or other methods. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log in to websites or mobile applications. This information may be linked to online identifiers or IP addresses assigned to you, and to demographic or interest-based data, in order to target you with relevant advertising, including about our products or services. To learn more about or opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at http://www.aboutads.info and by the NAI at http://networkadvertising.org.
Changes to this Statement
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Great Des Moines Habitat for Humanity is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity at admin@gdmhabitat.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Updated January 2019