https://geeknewscentral.com/privacy/
Skip to content
New Media Show
Pro Gear Guru
The
Gadget Professor
GNC Live
Podcast Legends
GNC Week in Review
Privacy Policy
Geek News Central,respect and are committed to protecting your online privacy. The following privacy statement explains our information gathering process and our use of this information.
This is the web site of Geek News Central Operated by Podcast Connect Inc.
Our postal address is
Podcast Connect Inc. 92-329 Kiowao Pl Kapoliei Hawaii 96707
We can be reached via e-mail at podcast@podcastconnect.com or you can reach us by telephone at 1-808-741-4923
With respect to the information we collect:
For each visitor to our Web pages, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, (IP address- the number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider.) but not the e-mail address. You are given the option to provide us your personal information, such as your name or email address for our various services. We do not collect any personally identifying information, such as survey information and/or site registrations, unless specifically and knowingly volunteered by you.
Involuntary non identifying information such as your IP address, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, is collected to help diagnose problems with our server and to help administer our Web site.
What we do with the information:
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your information is also used to help identify whether you are a unique or repeat visitor to our site, to help us track the overall usage of Geek News Central, and provide us with unique visitor statistics, such as date and time of your visit, length of visit, or pages viewed.
We do not collect any personally identifying information unless specifically and knowingly provided by you from feedback, guestbook, email,
or other forms that require keyboard input from the user.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address
We do not disclose or sell any of your specific information, such as names, addresses, phone numbers, or email addresses to any third party. The information you provide is used internally by Geek News Central.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Cookies:
Geek News Central, as well as most sites on the Internet, use cookies as a means to enhance your experience on the Web. We cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. Cookies are essentially small units of information (unique identifiers) that are stored in a cookie file on your hard drive. They are used to help track what pages you have visited and what you have done on a particular Website. Some sites use cookies to help store your registration information, such as name and password, if required. Most browsers allow you to modify your preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or reject all cookies.
Geek News Centrral uses cookies to help track the number of visitors to our site. Our server and we maintain log files that record the actual usage of our site. A cookie is used to determine your unique IP address. Individual addresses are not recorded, only the number of visits, the type of browser you are using, and the most common operating systems (e.g. Macintosh or Windows) used. These statistics are then analyzed at the end of each month.
With respect to Advertising:
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow placing ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to their site (by clicking on a banner ad, or link within our site), ad server companies may collect non-personally identifiable information (Cookies) such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. We do not have access to this information. For further information, please consult the privacy policies of the individual companies involved.
With respect to external links:
Our website and directory contains hundreds of external links. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any external Web site. Please remember that when you leave Geek News Central via a link to an external site, we have no control over the information you may provide.
With respect to Children under 13
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, Geek News Central does not specifically offer any content or features aimed at children under 13. We do not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. In the event that we received any personal information from a child under the age of 13, without verification or parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical. If you have any concerns about your child’s use of GeekNewscentral.com, please contact us
Search for:
Subscribe to PodcastApple PodcastsGoogle PodcastsSpotifyAmazon MusicAndroidiHeartRadioStitcherBlubrryPodcast Indexby EmailTuneInRSSMore Subscribe OptionsPodcast Sponsor Offers
Live Mon & Thur 8pm HST
Important Links Newsletter
Offers
Show Advertising
Become a GNC Insider
Send GNC a Voice Message
GNC Gear Recomendations
GNC Special Media Events!
Member Of
Network Podcasts
| Geek News Audio
| Geek News Video
| GNC Special Media Events
| New Media Show
| The Gadget Professor
Corporate Links RawVoice
Podcast Awards
PowerPress Podcast
Info About
Contact
Newsletter
Privacy
Gadget ProfessorGeek News Central LiveNew Media ShowPro Gear News - Reviews
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Digg