http://gerikahn.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Geri N. Kahn, Attorney At Law
HomeAbout Geri
Practice Areas
Immigration & Nationality Law
Social Security Disability Law
Testimonials & Lessons
Social Security Disability Blog
Immigration Blog
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Law Office of Geri N. Kahn’s website and reviewing our Privacy Policy. While visiting gerikahn.com, we will not collect any personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. If you choose to provide this information, it will be used for the express purpose for which it was intended, such as responding to your request for information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn automatically collects some technical information from you when you visit the site in order to give you the best possible experience. The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn uses web management technology (Google Analytics) to automatically track how visitors interact with the Website, including where they came from and what they did on the site. Aggregate data is used to help the Law Office of Geri N. Kahn improve our website. This information does not identify you personally. For each page that you visit, we collect only the following technical information:
Date and Time of Access
URL address of the gerikahn.com webpage visited
Internet domain and IP address from which our website was accessed
Type of browser and operating system used to access our site (if provided by the browser)
File size of the webpage visited.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share data with law enforcement unless a lawful request is made for individual data and law enforcement indicates that the individual whose information is sought has been convicted of a violent and serious crime.
Information collected from Interactive Forms
The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn’s website provides an interactive from that lets you voluntarily submit personal information such as your email address, name and phone number.) We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our firm. We will also not share this data with law enforcement unless a lawful request is made for individual data and law enforcement indicates that the individual whose information is sought has been convicted of a violent and serious crime.
Security
We do not collect any sensitive information (i.e., credit card data) via this website. Any information sent to the firm by Internet e-mail or through the Web site is not secure and is done so on a non-confidential basis. Any information you send The Law Office of Geri Kahn over the Internet, either through The Law Office of Geri Kahn’s Website or via email is done at your own risk.
The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn’s computer network uses commercial software programs to prevent unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Social Media and Third Party Websites
The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn uses some social media tools and websites to interact with potential clients. Social media programs are used to publicize the services offered by Geri N. Kahn. The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn does not use third party websites to solicit and collect personal information from individuals.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the Internet. The Law Office of Geri N. Kahn does not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. Gerikahn.com is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney-Client Relationship
Transmission of information from this Website does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission of the Website in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us via Internet e-mail through this site does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. This Policy was updated on February 25, 2014.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Geri N. Kahn, Esq.
465 California Street, Suite 609
San Francisco, CA 94104
Tel. (415) 397-5446, ext. 302
Social Security Blog Recent Posts
Can I get both disability and retirement at the same time?29 July 2020
Social Security field offices closed but you may still apply for disability24 March 2020
Listing 12.05 requires onset prior to age 22, not diagnostic testing prior to age 2212 August 2014
Solano County Public Health Department Starts Hepatitis C Rapid Testing Program8 August 2014
Getting the Earnings Record Right30 July 2014
Immigration Lawyer Blog Recent Posts
What is a “skill” for purposes of filling out Form I-944, “declaration of self sufficiency?”29 September 2020
“We Demand the Right to Vote” – 100 years since the 19th Amendment30 August 2020
How to change your name in California, Part Two24 May 2020
How to change your name in California, Part One13 May 2020
Giving talk in Benicia on Immigration law18 November 2019
The information contained in this website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. Transmission and/or receipt of these materials does not constitute an attorney-client relationship
between the sender and receiver. Readers of this information should not act upon any information contained on this website without seeking professional counsel.
© Copyright 2013-2016 by Geri Kahn
Home I About Geri I Immigration Law I Immigration FAQs I Immigration Blog I Social Security Law I Social Security FAQs I Social Security
Blog I Contact Us I Testimonials
I Privacy Policy