https://gershlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Our Firm
Communities We Serve
Elizabethtown
Frankfort
Jeffersontown
Matthews
Middletown
Prospect
Meet Our Team
Services
Asset & Business Planning
Elder Law & Medicaid Planning
Estate and Gift Tax Figures
Family-Owned Businesses & Farms
Financial Planning Assistance
IRA & Retirement Planning
Legacy Planning Services
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Loss of a Loved One
Power of Attorney
SECURE Act
Special Needs Planning
Trust Administration & Probate
Young Families
Resources
Client Resources
Business Succession Planning Checklist
Estate Planning Seminars
ESTATE AND GIFT TAX FIGURES
Estate Planning Worksheet
Is Your Estate Plan Outdated?
Kentucky Retirement Resources
Louisville Elder Law Resources
Louisville Probate Resources
Presentations
Elder Law Reports
Finding the Right Estate Planning Firm
Frequently Asked Questions
Estate Planning Frequently Asked Questions
LGBTQ Frequently Asked Questions
Reports
Advanced Estate Planning
Basic Estate Planning
Estate Planning For Niches
Trust Administration
Seminars
Blog
Contact Us
Search the site...Home / Privacy PolicyOur law firm collects personal information only when you submit it to us. If you decide to submit such personal information, we or an external service provider will retain the information that you submit in a database, and we will use this information to complete your request. Any service provider that we designate will have agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any third party, and we will also not share the information with any third party except for the service provider.
We may also use the information retained in the database to communicate with you directly via email or direct mail, such as to inform you about upcoming seminars that may be of interest to you. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, but we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
Currently, we only employ a cookie for more accurate anonymous traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the page viewed and the referring website. This cookie does not include personal information. The data that we do collect is never stored in any individual profile and only serves to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor site traffic.
We may share non-personal, anonymous information collected through cookies with third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies. Any changes to this privacy policy will be made through a revised posting on our website.
Primary SidebarFREE ESTATE PLANNING WORKSHEET
Download our free "Protecting the Future" worksheet to get started!
First Name*Last Name**
CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Testimonials
– JIM
Client Review
September 18, 2020
I have been a client of Gersh Law Offices since 2005. I can’t say enough good things about them. Absolutely first rate! Thanks to the team, my estate and trusts are set up and my family won’t have to deal with an unorganized mess when I am gone.
– JIM
Where We Are
Gersh Law Offices, P.S.C.13151 Magisterial DriveSuite 101-B,
Louisville, KY 40223Phone: (502) 423-7023See Larger Map Get Directions
Office Hours
Monday8:30 AM - 5:00 PMTuesday8:30 AM - 5:00 PMWednesday8:30 AM - 5:00 PMThursday8:30 AM - 5:00 PMFriday8:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Map
FooterPrivacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Connect with Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Gersh Law Offices
All Right Reseved.
Attorney Advertisement
© 2020 American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys, Inc.