https://ghosthounds.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
HomeTerms of Use
Site Information / Policies
TermsThis Website is the property of Ghost Hounds™, LLC and is to be used for informational purposes only. By using this site or downloading materials from this site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this notice. If you do not agree with these terms, discontinue use of this Website.Use of SiteThis Website or any portion of this website may not be duplicated, copied, reproduced, posted to other Websites, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted in writing by Ghost Hounds, LLC.Copyright NoticeCopyright (c) 2019 Ghost Hounds, LLC. All content on this site is the exclusive property of Ghost Hounds, LLC, and is protected by Federal and International copyright laws. Any reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, or re-display of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.TrademarksAll trademarks displayed on this site are subject to the international trademark rights of Ghost Hounds, LLC or are used under license. These trademarks include, but are not limited to, product brand names, slogans, and logo emblems. The use of any trademark on this site is strictly prohibited.DISCLAIMERTHIS SITE, THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, AND OPERATION OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.Privacy PolicyAs set forth more fully in our “Information Policy Statement,” Ghost Hounds, LLC may collect and store information about your visit, which may include the length of your visit, or the pages you look at on our site. We may use this information for improving the site. We will never sell your information to any other company. Ghost Hounds, LLC reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy, subject to prior notification of such at this site.International Users & Applicable LawThis site was created and is controlled by Ghost Hounds, LLC in the State of Pennsylvania. Do not use this site or export the materials contained within in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you use the site from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.By using this site, you are consenting and agreeing to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Pennsylvania and that all disputes which arise in connection to the use of this Website shall be litigated in a court located in the State of Pennsylvania to the exclusion of the Courts of any other state or country.