https://ghosthounds.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Policy
Information Privacy StatementWe at Ghost Hounds™, LLC are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of the personal information of all the visitors to this Website. As a part of that commitment, we want all of our visitors to know what information about them we collect, why we collect it, and where it goes. We encourage you to use this Information Privacy Statement.
At this Website, we collect information in three ways:
First, we passively collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. This information typically includes your domain name (the site after the @ in your e-mail address). The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser; please refer to your browser if you want to learn what information is sent. We use the information we automatically receive from your web browser to see which pages you visit within our site. We at Ghost Hounds, LLC can then develop statistics that are very helpful to understanding how this site is used by our visitors. This statistical data is interpreted by Ghost Hounds, LLC in its continuing effort to present the web site content that customers are seeking in a format they find most helpful.
Second, we actively obtain information about by installing a marker on your computer. This marker is commonly called a “cookie”, and it enables us to know you by a computer generated, unique identifier. By providing you with a unique identifier, we are able to create a database of your previous choices and preferences, and in situations where these choices or preferences need to be collected again, they can be supplied by us automatically, saving you time and effort. For example, after you purchase a product once, if you need to purchase it again, your previous selections for size, color or other features will have been retained, and can be reentered more quickly. Your computer may be specially configured to reject cookies; please refer to your browser for more information.
Third, we collect information at this page when you contact us or respond to the surveys, questionnaires, or applications we make available, including Cart Checkout Order forms. If you e-mail us, you are voluntarily releasing information to us. If you answer questions we have placed on site, you are also voluntarily releasing information to us. All computer-generated information, such as your e-mail address, may be shared with third parties and/or transmitted to another country. An example of a third party that could receive your personal information is a data processing contractor that operates computer systems on behalf of our merchandise vendor. Whenever any data is transferred to a third party, that party will be contractually bound to abide by a privacy policy no less stringent than ours.
We may use information collected at this site to investigate security breaches or to cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter.
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions on how we can make this site more useful, or if you are concerned about our use of your personal information, please e-mail us or phone us at 412-279-1600 during the following hours of business – 7:30 a.m. – 6:30 p.m..