https://gironeslawyers.com/privacy-policy/
Ottawa 1-866-701-58111-866-701-5811Timmins 1-800-569-16731-800-569-1673
Toggle navigation
Menu
What we Do
Birth Trauma
Medical Malpractice
Car Accidents
Disability Denials
Personal Injury
Wrongful Dismissal
Meet Our Team
Our Team
About Girones Lawyers
Testimonials
News & Case Results
News
Case Results
FAQ & Resources
Legal FAQs
Resources
Blog
Videos
Privacy PolicyGirones Lawyers is committed to protecting the privacy of information gathered from users of this website.
Information gathered through this site
Information about you can be collected in two ways:
Some information, such as your name and email address, may be collected to provide us with information about a legal issue.
We also may collect information such as IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring web addresses. This information is used by Girones Lawyers to manage the website and maintain operation to meet user requirements.
Cookies
DoubleClick: We use Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Use of personal information
Girones Lawyers collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you specifically request. Should you retain Girones Lawyers your information will be used to communicate with you. We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information to other companies.
Manage your personal information
At any time you may find out the details of any information we hold about you by emailing us at info@girones.ca.
You may also request that we correct or update that personal information or delete it.
How we secure your personal information
Girones Lawyers secures your personal information on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Links to other sites
If you link to another website from the Girones Lawyers website, we are not responsible for any information you may share with that site.
Contact information
If at any time you would like to provide comment on our Privacy Policy and how it is followed, you may do so by phone, email, or mail. Visit the contact Girones Lawyers web page for this data.
Contacting Us
Please contact Girones Lawyers regarding any questions with our privacy practices, this privacy policy, or the use of your personal information.
It's only fair to share...FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailRedditPinterestTumblr
WHAT WE DOWe provide experienced lawyers on a No Win No fee basis
Read More >
DO I HAVE A CASE?
CAPTCHA
MEET OUR LAWYERSThe people who
make our firm what it is.Read More >NEWSDo I have to Join the OC Transpo Class Action? Pros and Cons of Your Own Lawyer.Read More >