https://glencaulkins.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout GCGC ProtocolGC ArticlesGC VideosGC ShopPhotosContactMy account
1. GC PRIVACY POLICY
We NEVER share any customer information with any unaffiliated third-parties for purposes other than that engaged in on this site by you. We never have, and we never will!PristineHydro Development, Inc. (“PristineHydro”) has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our customers’ and visitors’ privacy. This Privacy Policy exceeds all current on-line standards. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site, livepristine.com.Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase products. On that order form, we collect contact and credit/debit card information. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information may also be used to get in touch with a customer when necessary in order to process an order. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information (i.e., credit or debit card information) that is collected is ONLY used to bill the user for products and services, and for no other reason. This information is only disclosed to third-parties to the extent necessary to authorize and charge your card for the purchase(s) you initiate.Periodically, we may have online surveys that ask visitors for demographic information (such as gender, age, and number of children). This information is collected anonymously and is used to better understand the aggregate demographics of our visitors. None of this information is disclosed to, or shared with, third-parties, or used in connection with the identity of the individual. Providing of this information is completely voluntary.
2. COOKIES
This site currently uses cookies for two reasons:Our site uses cookies for the shopping cart feature and during the checkout process. Credit card information is NOT stored in cookies.We use cookies to try to measure the efficacy of marketing campaigns. Data collected by these cookies tells us how you found our site. It is used to measure the effectiveness of such advertising and is analyzed in the aggregate only, not on an individual basis.
3. SECURITY
We do not store or process any credit card information. Our shopping cart operates on a separate platform protected with a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connection for the processing of orders. Our shopping cart has a Server Digital ID Certificate through DigiCert and is completely compliant with the Payment Card Industry’s Data Security Standard. Once your SSL connection is established, your browser window will indicate either a “closed padlock” or an “unbroken key” icon. All orders are authorized through Authorize.net, a leading payment gateway. PristineHydro™ is an Authorize.net Verified Merchant.
4. GUIDELINES FOR MINORS
This site does NOT collect online contact information from minors; minors are specifically prohibited from using this site without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
5. CHOICE/OPT-OUT
From various locations on our site, customers may opt-in to receive our health newsletter and special offers, and to automatically be entered into special programs or contests. Should a person decide to no longer receive our email communications, a link accompanies every marketing email we send that allows the individual to quickly and easily opt-out from receiving future emails.
6. CHANGE MODIFY
If you would like to change or modify the email communications you receive from PristineHydro, you can use the same Opt-Out link that is located at the bottom of all marketing email communications you receive from us. You can also email us changes to support@pristinehydro.com. All requests are handled promptly.You can also change or modify your account information. The account information includes your shipping and billing information. To access your account information, follow the link provided in your order confirmation email.
7. CONTACTING THE SITE
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at support@pristinehydro.com
8. YOUR OPINION MATTERS
We created this Privacy Policy so that customers know what will happen with the information they send to us. What is your opinion of our Policy? Please email us your concerns.We hope you enjoy your visit at our site, and find the information provided both useful and interesting.