https://globalmarch.org/about-us/how-we-work/evidence-based-policy-research/
About Us
Who We Are
Introduction
Our Approach
Our Story
Board Members
Our Focus Areas
Child Labour & Trafficking
Education
Child Labour in Supply Chains
Sustainable Development Goals
How We Work
Advocacy
Policy Research
Capacity Building
Awareness Raising
Building Partnerships
Mobilising Voices
Our Team
Contact Us
Our Work
Core Programmes
Parliamentarians for Children
Events
Get Involved
Volunteer
Fundraise
Vacancies
Donate
Become a Member
Partnerships
Active Members
Policy Makers
UN Agencies
Other Stakeholders
Resource Centre
Research & Publications
Worldwide News
Partner Updates
Infographics
Photos & Videos
Blog
FAQs on Child Labour
Fundraising Resource
Annual Reports
Financial Reports
Evidence Based Policy Research
Home About Us How We Work
Evidence Based Policy Research
Evidence based research is the foundation of all Global March’s advocacy work. To ensure that our work remains credible and worthy of influence, we undertake on- ground and secondary research to build holistic knowledge on the issue of child labour, trafficking, slavery, and education that is significant for taking effective action.
Global March thus collates, manages and disseminates researches, good practices, policy papers, analyses, briefings and lesson learnt on the issues of focus, to create a data and information base for advocacy, experience sharing, training and capacity building of various stakeholders and for public awareness.
In this endeavour, Global March enables exchanges with child labour advocates at the local, national and international levels, and develops policy papers, researches, advocacy toolkits, manuals and other knowledge materials that is used by national, international and governmental organisations to promote children’s rights.
BECOME A VOLUNTEER
Join your hand with us for a better life and beautiful future
Join Us Now
Thank you for visiting our website!
Globalmarch.org uses cookies to enhance your user experience. More information is available in our privacy and cookie statement.
ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Translate »