https://globalsolutions.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Please read this Terms of Use Agreement before accessing this website
Effective Date: June 1, 2018
This Agreement sets forth the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Citizens for Global Solutions (CGS) website. By using CGS’s website you (the “Visitor”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted on the website. Your continued use of CGS’s website after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
1. Description of Service
The CGS website is providing Visitor with information pertaining to the services provided by and activities of the Citizens for Global Solutions Education Fund and the Citizens for Global Solutions Action Network.
2. Limitation of Liability
ALL CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED SOLELY FOR EDUCATIONAL AND PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES. YOUR USE AND BROWSING OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. The content could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. All content on this site is provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. CGS does not warrant that use of this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that our site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from the website is free of viruses or other harmful code. CGS does not warrant or make any representations regarding the correctness, accuracy, or reliability of any content available through this site. You are responsible for verifying any information before relying on it.
In no event shall CGS, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our site, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our site, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via this site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not CGS is advised of the possibility of such damages.
You specifically acknowledge that CGS shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. In the event that you have any dispute with one or more other users of this site, you release CGS, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
The foregoing warranty disclaimer and limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction and will survive these terms & conditions and your use of this site.
3. Indemnification
Visitor agrees to indemnify and hold CGS, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, and agents, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Visitor’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Visitor, or other user of the Service using Visitor’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
4. Modifications and Interruption to Service
CGS reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Visitor. CGS shall not be liable to Visitor or any third party should CGS exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Visitor acknowledges and accepts that CGS does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
5. Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Visitors to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
6. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia and of the United States, without regard to any principles of conflicts of laws. You hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of the District and federal courts located in Washington DC for the purposes of litigating any action under these Terms of Use. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the District of Columbia.
7. Compliance with Laws
Visitor assumes all knowledge of applicable laws and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Visitor may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable local, state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Visitor further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
8. Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2018 Citizens for Global Solutions, with all rights reserved, or is the property of CGS and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any and all use of the Content should be in accordance with fair use principles under copyright law. You are hereby authorized to view, download, print and distribute limited amounts of material from this Site subject to the following conditions. The copyrighted materials on this Site may be used for informational or educational purposes only. Any commercial use is strictly prohibited.
Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of CGS is strictly prohibited. Visitors agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of CGS.
The CGS Logo is a registered trademark of CGS. Citizens for Global Solutions, “Citizens for Global Solutions Education Fund,” “Citizens for Global Solutions Action Network,” and “https://www.globalsolutions.org” are proprietary marks of CGS. CGS’s trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by the CGS, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits CGS.
All other trademarks displayed on CGS’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those organizations. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of third-party organizations is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those organizations endorse or have any affiliation with CGS.
If you believe in good faith that your copyrighted work has been used on a Site without authorization in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us at business@globalsolutions.org.us with the following information:
(a) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (b) identification of the allegedly infringing material on the Site that is requested to be removed; (c) your name, address and daytime telephone number, and an e-mail address if available, so that we may contact you if necessary; (d) a statement of why you believe the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
9. User Content
Some features may allow you to upload, publish, or display (hereinafter, to “post’) content on the Site, including, without limitation, text, video, audio, images, documents (collectively, “User Content”). You are solely responsible for any and all User Content you post to any Site. We reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to (a) delete, remove and/or refuse to post any User Content, without notice, for any or no reason; and (b) identify any user to third parties and/or disclose to third parties any User Content or personally identifiable information when we believe in good faith that such identification or disclosure will either (i) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (ii) help to enforce these Terms of Use and/or protect the safety or security of any person or property, including any Site. By posting User Content, you grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to CGS an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, display, reformat, translate, excerpt, create derivative works of, and distribute such User Content for any purpose.
When you post User Content to any Site, you represent and warrant that the User Content and your communication thereof conforms to the Rules of Conduct (set forth below) and other requirements of these Terms of Use and that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other person or entity, to post such User Content.
10. Public Forums
“Public Forum” means an area, service, or feature offered as part of the Site that allows users the opportunity to post User Content for viewing by Site users. You acknowledge that Public Forums are for public and not private communications, and you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any User Content posted to a Public Forum.
You are solely responsible for all User Content you post on the Site and for the consequences of submitting and posting same. We have no duty to monitor any Public Forum, but reserve the right to do so at any time for any or no reason. You acknowledge that your posting of any User Content in a Public Forum is at your own risk. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the opinions, advice, or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Public Forum and we specifically disclaim any and all liability in connection therewith.
Rules of Conduct: By using the Site, you agree that you will not post any User Content nor engage in any activity on any Site that in the sole judgement of CGS:
(a) is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person;
(b) is bigoted, hateful, or racially or otherwise offensive;
(c) is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit; or otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
(d) is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities that encourages their commission;
(e) infringes or violates any right of a third party including, without limitation, (i) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (ii) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person’s personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (iii) any confidentiality obligation;
(f) is commercial, business-related or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
(g) contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Site or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity’s use or enjoyment of the Site;
(h) is beyond the scope of matters of concern to CGS or does not pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant Public Forum;
(i) violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including ,without limitation, its age restrictions and procedures; or
(j) is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including “flaming,” “spamming,” “flooding,” “trolling,” and “griefing” as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet.
CGS does not assure that other users will be comply with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other provisions of these Terms of Use. You hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance. You are invited to notify CGS of any posts that you believe violate these provisions.
11. User Accounts
Some services or features on the Site permit or require you to create an account to participate or gain access. You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the CGS registration processes. You shall not impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password or other account information, or another person’s name, likeness, voice, image or photograph. You also agree to promptly notify CGS of any unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to any Site.
We may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use the Site or any portion thereof when in our sole judgment you fail to comply with these Terms of Use or any special terms related to a particular service or feature for any reason whatsoever.
12. Privacy
This website is owned and operated by CGS. Our intention is to inform and educate visitors about our work as a public charity. CGS is committed to honoring the privacy of visitors to our website and to protecting online information. CGS’s Privacy Policy outlined in a separate section of this website and by this reference is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions for use of this site.
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Sign up! Stay informed!
Announcements, world federalist news. No spam.
© 2020 Citizens for Global Solutions.
Citizens for Global Solutions
About
About
National Advisory Council
Boards and Bylaws
World Federalist Institute
Chapters
Jobs
Volunteer
Contact
Blog
Federation
Federation
Embracing a United Federation of Nations
Global Democracy and Governance
Cooperation
Cooperation
Commission on Global Security, Justice and Governance
Support the UN
Transform the UN
Resources
Resources
Mondial Journal
Events
Books
Videos
Esperanto
Memes
My Account
Donate