https://globalhealing.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 22, 2011.
Global Healing (“Global Healing,” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Global Healing when you use the Global Healing Site, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use. The Global Healing website and the services provided through or in connection with the website will be collectively referred to as the “Site.”
Information We Collect
User-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name, phone number, and e-mail address, if you submit feedback or questions to us through our contact form. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses. We may also retain any personal information you provide in connection with a donation you make to Global Healing. All financial information you provide in connection with a donation you make to Global Healing may be collected and/or stored by a third party payment processor, as described in their terms of service and/or privacy policy.
Cookies Information: When you visit the Site, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Global Healing help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information about how you browse the Site to us. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use the Site, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Site, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear Gifs Information: When you use the Site, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make Global Healing better for our users.
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Site.
By providing Global Healing with your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Site-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, special offers, Global Healing updates, or donation solicitations. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences by following the opt-out instructions included in the e-mail or by sending a message to contact@globalhealing.org. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers. You may not opt out of Site-related e-mails.
Global Healing may use certain information about you internally for purposes such as analyzing how the Site is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Site; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; and (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses.
Global Healing uses and/or stores your financial information only for so long as is necessary to process, charge, and/or collect your donation. We may, however, use any personal contact information you supply to send you messages, such as newsletters, special offers, Global Healing updates, or donation solicitations. You may opt out or change your contact preferences by following the opt-out instructions included in the e-mail or by sending a message to contact@globalhealing.org.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: Global Healing will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. Global Healing will only share personal information once you have given permission to do so. Global Healing may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Site to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Global Healing (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions.
From time to time, we may run contests, special offers, or other events or activities (“Events”) on the Site together with a third party partner. If you provide information to such third parties, you give them permission to use it for the purpose of that Event and any other use that you approve. We cannot control third parties’ use of your information. If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you can choose not to participate in these Events.
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Global Healing will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Global Healing, our Users or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Global Healing services.
How We Protect Your Information
Global Healing cares about the integrity and security of your personal and financial information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Global Healing or a third-party payment processor (for example, PayPal) or guarantee that your information on the Site or third-party service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of the Site’s security, Global Healing will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Site, in which case Global Healing may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time, or review and correct the information about you that Global Healing keeps on file, by contacting us directly at contact@globalhealing.org.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Global Healing does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Global Healing. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at contact@globalhealing.org.
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Site, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Site, as determined by Global Healing in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on the Site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at contact@globalhealing.org, or send mail to:
Global Healing
Attn: John Donnelly
2140 Shattuck Avenue, Suite 203
Berkeley, California 94704
©2019 Global Healing
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
RSS
Back to Top