https://gnm.org/privacypolicy/
Videos/Podcasts
About Good News Media
Our Podcast Shows
Streaming Radio Programs
Our Videos
Footsteps to Heaven website
The Apostolate of the Laity in the Church Crisis
Paracletia (Video Courses)
The Story in the Bible
Podcasts on Rebuking the Devil
Take, Eat, Drink (Series on the Mass)
Mystical Union With Christ (retreat podcast)
Prayers & Meditations
Our YouTube Channel
Faith Builders
Daily Good News Reflections
Podcasts of Daily Reflections
Subscribe to Faith Boosters
Insider's View
God's Word for You Today
Saints for Your Life
Quotes by Saints
Daily Prayers with Saints
Find Your Saint
Calendar of Saints
Books By Terry Modica
Radical Love: Reflections for Couples
Victor: The Novel
Daily Prayers With Saints
Living in God's Abundance
Mountaintop Experiences
Overcoming the Occult
How to Win Victories in Spiritual Warfare
Dark Secret of the Ouija
The Trail of Roses
Social Networks
Connect With GNM Community
Our Facebook Fan Page
Our Pinterest Boards
Our Twitter Feeds
Our Youtube Channel
Terry Modica 's LinkedIn Page
Our Instagram Page
Elists & TXT MSG
Subscribe to Daily Reflections
See what can be texted to your phone!
Subscribe to Daily Blessings (Saint Quotes)
Subscribe to Faith Boosters
Subscribe to Insider's View
See all E-Mail Lists
FAQs For Help
WordBytes
Table of Contents
Miracles & the Holy Spirit
Spiritual Growth
Suffering / Healing
Bereavement
Intimacy With Jesus
Catholic Doctrine (FAQs)
- including End-Times Prophecies
Faith Boosters (blog) Bible Study
Evangelization Ministries
The Master Needs You
Social Justice
Victory in Spiritual Warfare
Overcoming the Occult
Finances
Modern Parables
Franciscan Moments
Food for Faith
Lenten Topics
The Church Crisis
The Vocation of Marriage
Online Retreats
ALL VIRTUAL RETREATS
Find God In Times of Waiting
Holy Land Virtual Pilgrimage
The Healing Wounds of Jesus
Intimate Conversation With Jesus
God's Message For You: You're Beautiful!
ALL IMMERSIVE VR RETREATS
Hidden Water Way
Vertiente Escondida
Prayer Walk
Stations of the Cross
Restful Water Way
Prayer
Index of Prayers
Prayers for Victory Over Evil
Post a Prayer Request
Prayer Chapel for Aborted & Miscarried Children
Offer a Mass Intention
Prayers for Parents
Online Prayer Groups
Conversation With Jesus
Prayers With Saints
Prayer to The Holy Spirit
Novena to The Holy Spirit
Novena to Jesus Our Joy
Join 7 Warriors of the Cross
Virtual Marian Shrine
Stations of the Cross
The Way of the Cross
Stations by GNM Artists
God's Promise ~ God's Plan
The Rosary
Why and How to Pray the Rosary
4 Mysteries Personal Rosary
Rosary for World Peace
Rosary for Conversions
Rosary for Holy Vocations
Rosary Walkathon
For Parishes
Live Events
Terry Modica, Catholic Speaker
Book an event
Ideas for Faith-Building Topics
One-Week Evangelization School
Online Resources
Exploring 360-VR for Christian Mission
3-Year Evangelization Plan
Developing Small Christian Communitites
Dealing With Divisions
Other Services
Bulletin Articles
RCIA Tools
Downloadable PowerPoints
Catholic Digital Resources, LLC
Saint of the Week for Bulletins
*TODAY'S CRISES*
Receive Jesus in a Spiritual Communion
Pray at Our Lady of Miracles Virtual Shrine
Marian Consecration
Prayers to Saints who Stopped Plagues
Podcasts to strengthen your faith
Rosary Walkathon to drive out evil
Donate
Online Giving Tool
Login To Your Account
Mail a Check or Bank Draft
Sponsor a Podcast
Mass Intentions
Give Prayer Support
More Ways to Give
Search
Keep Christ at the center, the Word of Truth in your heart, and the traditional teachings of the Catholic Church as the guardian of your soul.
In Good News Ministries, we are committed to using holy boldness, as the Holy Spirit leads, to spread the Truth regardless of persecutions. And we are here to help you stand strong in the same commitment. Let's join hands in the mission of Christ against evil now!
15%
$35,000 is needed to start the new year.
Holy Land Tour
Our Privacy and Anti-Spam Policy
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
All of the mailing lists for Good News Ministries of Tampa Bay, Inc., are opt-in, meaning that no one can be added to our mailing lists without their explicit approval. We do not want to turn the Gospel into spam! To prevent this, each person subscribed receives a confirmation letter with instructions on how to activate membership, unless we are given direct permission by written or verbal request and there is no doubt that the email address belongs to the requestor.
Good News Ministries will never use your email address for anything other than what you specifically signed up to receive.
We will never give away your address to anyone else.
Sometimes we do send extra messages to our mailing lists in order to inform you of maintenance issues regarding our website or the mailing list(s) you’re on, or special messages for important liturgical days in the Church that we think will bless you based on the faith-theme of the mailings you signed up to receive. We promise to keep these extra mailings rare.
We also send out fundraising messages, but only when absolutely necessary. It is the only way we can keep our email ministries going.
All our computer equipment and mailing lists are fully protected against viruses and spammers; so there is no danger of spreading viruses or spam to any of our subscribers.
Our server’s IP address is 66.226.77.78. If this appears on an anti-spam database, please contact us. We make every effort to fight against spam and to protect our reputation so that we do not end up being blocked by such databases.
If you suspect abuses of our mailing lists, please report them in detail.
How to Contact Us:
To contact us, please go to gnm.org/contact/.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on any website owned and operated by Good News Ministries of Tampa Bay, Inc. These include gnm.org, wordbytes.org, gogoodnews.net, marriagevocation.net, parishhope.com, terrymodica.net, gnm-es.org, and any other domain names we might own in the future.
Cookies:
Parts of our websites make use of browser “cookies.” Cookie data can be used to associate session information with each visitor. We will not use any individual customer information gathered in association with cookies for any purpose other than the normal operation of the website. We may use aggregate information from the use of cookies as described below.
The Way We Use This Information:
We never sell your information! We use any information you provide about yourself only to fulfill the request you have made. We do not share this information with outside parties unless you provide consent.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. We will use information stored in our database about you to provide our services and support.
Good News Ministries of Tampa Bay, Inc., uses aggregated, anonymous data for research regarding the effectiveness of our websites. We may disclose aggregated, anonymous data in our annual report to potential donors and partners. We do not use such anonymous information for any other purpose.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the young and vulnerable is especially important to us. For that reason we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under the age of 18.
Our Commitment to High Moral Standards:
No part of our websites are designed to attract anyone of any age for unethical, illegal, or immoral purposes.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
Many of our subscription services include a Profile Account that you can log into and update your information. Additionally, or when this is not available, you may correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us:
To contact us, please go to gnm.org/contact/.
Minister to others: Share this page!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Current ye@r *
Leave this field empty
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Download: Who We Are, What We Believe, How We Serve
• as a benefactor
• as an ambassador
Send donations to:
Good News Ministries
11705 Boyette Road, Suite 277
Riverview, Florida 33569 USA
GNM logo donated  by
Brent Delperdang of
Delperdesign
Website content © 1996 - 2020
Most photos
© Terry Modica. All rights reserved.
See our Copyrights Page for permission.
Most of our content is available
(or can be made available)
for distribution at
Catholic Digital Resources.
Looking for
Charlie Osburn's
Good News of Divine Mercy?
This is NOT it! Here's his info.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Join us in sharing faith with the world