https://godspantry.org/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
tmerritt
2019-07-31T18:15:48+00:00
Privacy PolicyGod’s Pantry Food Bank shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, God’s Pantry Food Bank has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on the site. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy, being part of the Terms, works in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of Use, but does not modify or supersede it. On occasion, God’s Pantry Food Bank may run promotions or conduct other activities with affiliate partners from this site. In such event, we may post additional privacy terms in conjunction with such promotion or activities that modify and/or supplement this Privacy Policy and govern the use of information related to or received through such promotions or activities.
God’s Pantry Food Bank’s Collection and Use of Your Information: In the course of using the site, God’s Pantry Food Bank may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, or telephone number, as well as other relevant information. God’s Pantry Food Bank also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Spectrum, Windstream), aggregate data about the number of visits to the site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
How God’s Pantry Food Bank Uses the Information: God’s Pantry Food Bank uses the non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the site and to enable God’s Pantry Food Bank to personalize your Internet experience. God’s Pantry Food Bank may use the aggregate data to analyze site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, God’s Pantry Food Bank shares this aggregate data with God’s Pantry Food Bank’s related entities, advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. God’s Pantry Food Bank shall own such aggregate data and maintain copies of such as part of its records. Except as otherwise indicated, God’s Pantry Food Bank uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) for internal marketing purposes and as part of God’s Pantry Food Bank’s donor database; (c) to provide you additional and updated information, materials and other advertisements regarding the God’s Pantry Food Bank services; (d) to offer you other materials and/or information that God’s Pantry Food Bank believes may be of interest to you; (e) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (f) to protect the security or integrity of the site; (g) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (h) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, God’s Pantry Food Bank agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, God’s Pantry Food Bank encourages all its business partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. God’s Pantry Food Bank will not use the personal information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, God’s Pantry Food Bank shall own all such personal information and maintain copies of such as part of its records. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow God’s Pantry Food Bank the right to use your personally identifiable information as described, please contact God’s Pantry Food Bank in the manner identified in the “Opt-Out” section below. The aggregate data and personal information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of God’s Pantry Food Bank or its assets.
Opt Out: You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow God’s Pantry Food Bank to use your information in the manner described by contacting us directly at info@godspantry.org. Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, God’s Pantry Food Bank will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
Security; No Liability: God’s Pantry Food Bank has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under God’s Pantry Food Bank’s control. God’s Pantry Food Bank protects your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than God’s Pantry Food Bank. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on the site, and God’s Pantry Food Bank is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other
electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the site contains links to other websites. God’s Pantry Food Bank is not responsible for nor can God’s Pantry Food Bank ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
IP Addresses and Cookies: Like other websites, God’s Pantry Food Bank uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with God’s Pantry Food Bank’s servers, to administer the site and for security purposes. “Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a web server to a web browser that enable a web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. God’s Pantry Food Bank may use cookies in order to identify you to our site so that God’s Pantry Food Bank can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, our site may contain advertisements that may contain cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of cookies by reviewing your browser’s preferences and options.
Modification of Privacy Policy: God’s Pantry Food Bank may change this Privacy Policy at any time, consistent with the terms set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use, by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the site. Your continued viewing of or use of this site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
How to Contact God’s Pantry Food Bank: You may contact God’s Pantry Food Bank with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any personally identifiable information or anything else related to God’s Pantry Food Bank and/or this site at www.godspantry.org or 859-255-6592.