https://goodshepherdloughborough.org.uk/cookie-policy/
MenuAbout Us
Vision and Values
Our History
The Team
Lougborough Churches Partnership
Contact Us
What’s On
Events
Groups
Services
Quick Diary
Start! Course
Resourcing Church Partnership
Messy Church
More About…
Baptisms
Marriage
Funerals
Everyday Faith
Policies & Documents
Volunteer
Giving
Recent Teaching
Mission Focus and Prayer Breakfasts
Listen Again
Safe Guarding
Home / Cookie Policy
Information About the Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies to anonymously distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to make improvements to the way we present information. By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
About cookies and the cookies we use
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is contained within your internet browser or stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is used to track your activity within our website. They do not contain any personal information and are used to identify visitors anonymously.
Some cookies are referred to as ‘strictly necessary cookies’. These are essential cookies that are required for the operation of certain websites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of a website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Other cookies are sometimes referred to as ‘functionality cookies’. These are used to recognise you when you return to a website. This enables website owners to personalise content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences, for example, your choice of language or region.
There are also cookies known as ‘targeting cookies’. These cookies record your activities within a website and they uses the information collated to make advertising more relevant to your interests. Website owners may also share this information with third parties for targeted advertising purposes. We never directly use targeting or advertising cookies.
We use the following cookies:
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors we receive and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports that will help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visits to the site, where visitors have come from, the pages they visited and other demographic data. Google provides information regarding use of cookies in Google’s Privacy Policy. You can choose to opt-out of Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Session Cookies. We use session cookies to remember that users have logged into our secure members area. These cookies expire when you close your browser window.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
More information about cookies
The following website links provide more information about cookies, their usage and how to restrict or block them using your web browser.
The ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) is the UK’s independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public interest, promoting openness by public bodies and data privacy for individuals. Information about the regulation of cookies the EU Cookie Law (e-Privacy) can be found on their website.
All About Cookies is a free resource to help marketers and consumers understand the issues surrounding the use of cookies. There is a plethora of information contained within their website for both businesses and consumers.
Wikipedia – Cookies: Wikipedia is the worlds largest online encyclopaedia. Please refer to the Wikipedia Cookies article for more detailed information about cookies and their usage.
Changes to our cookie policy
Any changes we may make to our cookie policy in the future will be posted on this page.
About Us
Vision and Values
Our History
The Team
Lougborough Churches Partnership
Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie Information