https://gospellyrics.info/privacy-policy/
GospelLyrics.info  »  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for www.gospellyrics.info
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@gospellyrics.info.
At www.gospellyrics.info, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.gospellyrics.info and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.gospellyrics.info makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.gospellyrics.info does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, Commission Junction, Linkshare, Amazon, .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.gospellyrics.info send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.gospellyrics.info has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.gospellyrics.info’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Gospel Lyrics Categories
Lyrics A-D
Lyrics E-H
Lyrics I-L
Lyrics M-P
Lyrics Q-T
Lyrics U-W
Lyrics X-Z
Uncategorised
Latest Gospel Lyrics
I Smile – Kirk Franklin
Get Up – TASHA COBBS
For Your Glory – TASHA COBBS
Battlefield – Norman Hutchins
God Will Supply – Malcolm Williams & Great Faith
Friends Gospel Videos
TagsAmazing Grace
Andrae' Crouc
Angry Words
Asleep in Jesus
At Calvary
Away with our Fears
Because I love Jesus
Believe and Obey
bible gospel
Bill Gaither
Chicago Mass Choir
child of the king
christian gospel music
christian music
christian music video
christian music videos
clear as christal
contemporary christian music
For Your Glory
get up
glory to the lamb - mali music
gospel light
gospel music online
harlem gospel choir
Judith Christie McAllister
Kirk Franklin
love jesus
Mac Wiseman
Malcolm Williams & Great Faith
Mali Music
Marvin Sapp
Mississippi Mass Choir
Norman Hutchins
Ricky Dillard & New G's
Sherman Branch
Shree Newman-Isabell
TASHA COBBS
the clark sister
The Walls Group
Tye Tribbett
videos gospel
yolanda adams