http://gpcinternational.com/en/siteinfo/terms/
Terms and Conditions
Brand-Building with Innovation and Technology
This Web site is an online information and communication service provided by Graham Packaging
International. Please read these terms of use carefully before using this site. By using this site,
you signify your agreement with these terms of use. If you do not agree with any of these terms of
use, do not use this site. Graham Packaging International reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these terms of use at any time. Such modifications
shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified terms of use. By using this service
after we have posted notice of such modifications, alterations or updates, you agree to be bound by
the revised terms. Graham Packaging International retains the right to deny access to anyone at its
complete and sole discretion for any reason including for violation of any of these terms of use.
Trademarks, Copyrights and Restrictions
This site is controlled and operated by Graham Packaging International, 15 Avenue Edouard Belin,
92500 Rueil Malmaison, France.
All materials on this site, including, but not limited to, text, images, illustrations, video clips
and audio clips (if any are added), is protected by copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual
property rights that are owned, controlled or licensed by Graham Packaging International or its
affiliates. All other trademarks, logos, copyrights or intellectual property not owned, controlled
or licensed by Graham Packaging International or its affiliates are the property of third parties
whose intellectual property is protected by United States or international IP laws.
Links
Should any link to any external Web site be contained on this Web site, such links are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. Graham Packaging International is not responsible for, and does not endorse, the content of the sites to which the links point, whether or not Graham Packaging International is affiliated with sponsors of such sites.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
The materials on Graham Packaging International’s Web site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Graham Packaging International disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Neither Graham Packaging International nor any affiliated or related entities, nor any person involved in the creation, production and distribution of Graham Packaging International's Web site warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that Graham Packaging International or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The material that you read on Graham Packaging International's Web site is provided solely for educational purposes. Graham Packaging International does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the information contained in the Web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise.
Privacy
Please refer to Graham Packaging International’s
Privacy Policy.
Not an Offer To Sell or Solicitation of Offer To Buy Securities
This Web site and the materials contained herein are neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any state or jurisdiction.
Dated Material Disclaimer
The passage of time can render information contained in, or linked to, this Web site stale. Graham Packaging International is not responsible for any misimpressions which may result from the reading of dated material. Viewers should consider the dates of issuance of all items and information contained in, or linked to, this Web site.