http://grace.to/internet-policies/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This PRIVACY POLICY was last updated on: April 10, 2012
Grace Covenant Presbytian Church’s (“the Church”) Privacy Policy is designed to provide you with the knowledge you need to control your personal information. We encourage you to read the entire policy so that you have a firm understanding of what information we collect, how we use that information, how we protect that information and what you can do to control your information.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. What Information We Collect
2. How We Use Your Information
3. How We Protect Your Information
4. Your Control of Your Information
5. Changes to the Privacy Policy
6. Questions About the Privacy Policy
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information:
The Church does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, filling out a survey or registration form or sending us an e-mail message. The types of information that may be requested include your name, address, occupation, etc.
Aggregate Information:
The Church may collect aggregate, non-personal information about its users and their usage of this web site and any related services. This information is not used to identify any individual user.
Cookies:
The Church may collect information about your use of the site through the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information passed by the web server to your browser. We use cookies to identify you to the web server during page requests. We may (in the future) also use cookies to tailor your experience on our web site. You can control the user of cookies through your browser settings.
Public Forums:
You understand that any information that you divulge in the public areas of this web site, including the newsletters, news alerts, or other areas, is public information and is not kept confidential by the Church. Please use discretion when posting information to the public areas of this and any other web site.
Information from Children:
The Church does not collect personable, identifiable information about children who view this web site who are under eighteen (18) years of age. From time to time, the Church may offer on-line registration for such programs as Vacation Bible School, or other programs which will facilitate the participation in these activities. In these instances, the Church requires such registration to be completed by the youth’s parent or legal guardian.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Registration:
In general, the Church will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information is provided.
Third Parties:
In general, the Church will only provide your personally identifiable information to external parties when you have specifically consented to it via an “opt-in” process. This information will only be used for the purposes for which it was collected.
Aggregate Information:
External companies may be provided aggregate information about our users. Aggregate information is statistically relevant information based on the overall population of the user community. This information cannot be traced back to a specific individual.
Cookies:
Information collected via cookies helps The Church determine what areas of our site are important to our users. The Church does not use cookies to identify individual users.
Co-Branded Services:
The Church services may be offered in conjunction with other persons. These are called co-branded services. In order to provide these co-branded services to you, it will be necessary for us to share information with other persons. If you don’t want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.
Transmission Errors or Unauthorized Acts:
Although The Church will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. The Church will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Required by Law:
In extreme cases, where required by law or the court, the Church may be forced to release information regarding users of our web site to permit the investigation of fraud, illegal use of the Internet or other cases of misconduct on our web site.
Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy only addresses the Church’s information gathering practices. To the extent that you disclose personal information to other web sites, or link to other web sites, you are subject to the other web sites’ privacy policies. We encourage you to review a third party web site’s privacy policy before you disclose any personal information.
3. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Security:
Any information provided to the Church is treated with care and discretion. When information is shared, the Church will take a proactive approach to ensure the information is kept private and not misused. Additionally, when external entities are provided information, the Church will, in good faith, make an effort to ensure that the third party complies with all the privacy policies of the Church.
Encryption:
When you submit personal information to the Church the level of encryption is identified on the form, page, or service through which you submitted said information. You must use care in determining if the level of encryption is satisfactory to your needs.
4. YOUR CONTROL OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your Choice:
The Church respects your decisions about the collection and use of your information. You may receive information while accessing this web site via from the Church or a third party. By accessing and using this web site you consent to the use of your personal information by the Church in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy.
Delete Information:
If at any time you wish to stop receiving certain types of information, you can elect to do so by sending an email to [email address to be determined ]. You can also choose to delete your profile from our active database by either using the online system or by emailing us at the same address. Unfortunately, the Church may not be able to delete other types of information, such as aggregate or stored information.
5. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Church may make changes to its Privacy Policy from time to time. When significant changes are made that affect how information that you provided to us is used, we will post a notice on our home page, or alert you to changes by other similar means. By continuing to use this web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page of the web site and print the latest version of the Privacy Policy for your records. For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Policy appears at the top of the document.
6. QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please forward your inquiries to our WebSteward at [ WebSteward@grace.to ].