https://grassfire.org/privacy-policy/
All about doors
Home
Accessories Hardware Choice of Doors Front Doors Soundproofing
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for https://grassfire.org
The privacy of our visitors to https://grassfire.org is important to us.
At https://grassfire.org, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit https://grassfire.org, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on https://grassfire.org to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Recent Reviews
How to Measure a Door? What is standard door width?
New Year Door Decoration: Ideas and Techniques
How to choose a Padlock: Types And Features
Country-Style Kitchens
How to hang a Horseshoe over a Door
Categories
Accessories
Choice of Doors
Decor
Design Ideas
Door Knobs
Door Types
Fire Doors
Front Doors
Hardware
Hinges
How to
Installation
Interior Doors
Kitchen Styles
Lock cylinder
Locks
Soundproofing
Tips
Recent Posts
What is a double cylinder door lock?Provence Style Kitchens – 100 ideas for interiorHigh-Tech KitchenCountry-Style KitchensExternal Fire Doors – Features, Purpose And Installation Tips For The Beginner
Garden and Home
Google.com
Articles
Homestructions
How to roll dice online?
Gallery
Decorating doors patchwork
Provence Style Kitchen
Chrome interior door knobs
Horseshoe for luck and happiness in interior design
Curtains for french doors
Sitemap | Privacy Policy | DMCA | Contact Us
Copyright © All about doors