http://gryphonastrology.com/privacy-policy/
GryphonAstrology.com | Privacy Policy
Home
Nina Gryphon
Bio
Events
Publications
Presentations
Astrology Blog
Links
Contact
Gryphon AstrologyExpert Astrological Consultations by Gryphon Astrology
Astrology Readings
Life Reading
Horary Reading
Electional Reading
Fertility Reading
Astrology Articles
Learn Astrology
Astrology 101
Astrological Podcasts
Newsletter
Archive
Sign up
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Welcome to GryphonAstrology.com (the “Site”).
We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by GryphonAstrology.com (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What organizations are collecting the information?In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
With whom may the information may be shared?Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?Personally Identifiable Information collected by GryphonAstrology.com is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of GryphonAstrology.com except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified personnel who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
Links:This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
U.S. Presidential Panel a Worldwide Hit
Our panel of five renowned astrologers predicted Obama to be reelected in 2012.
Read the Associated Press/Reuters story here.
Recent Tweets
Just nowFollow Nina
Features:
Astrology Blog
Astrology Calendar
Life Reading
Horary Reading
Electional Reading
Gryphon Astrology Newsletter
This is the regular newsletter published by Nina Gryphon.
You can view all the issues archived on this page.
To subscribe to future issues of the newsletter, please click here to provide your email.
Welcome to Gryphon Astrology!
This is the website of Nina Gryphon, a top traditional astrologer specializing in personal and financial forecasting. Her astrological work has been published in many languages, and she maintains a busy practice speaking about astrology and serving a global clientele. Nina is also a practicing corporate attorney living in Chicago, Illinois.
You can order a personalized reading with Nina, read one of the articles on her popular blog, learn astrological basics, or sign up for the free Gryphon Astrology newsletter.
Connect with Nina
FacebookRSSTwitter
About Gryphon Astrology
Gryphon Astrology
© Copyright 2006 - 2017
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Contact
Copyright © 2006 - 2020 · Gryphon AstrologyReturn to top of page