https://gsmcneal.com/mcneal-selected-to-moderate-drone-policy-session-at-the-white-house/
Bio
Policy Expert + Advisor
Media +On Air Guest
Speaker
Blog
HomeDronesMcNeal To Moderate White House Drone Policy Session
Law and Public Policy Drones
Dr. Gregory S. McNeal was selected by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to co-moderate a policy workshop discussion with participants from academia, industry and government.
The daylong event will begin at the White House and will then move to the Newseum for drone flight demonstrations and policy discussions.  The event, billed as “The First-Ever OSTP Workshop on Drones and the Future of Aviation” will:
bring together government, academic, and industry stakeholders to discuss both the near and long-term implications of unmanned aircraft as an emergent technology; issues related to airspace integration; the potential of unmanned aircraft to enable high-impact research, create new jobs and industries, save lives, and improve the way government agencies and companies do business; and potential ways to further address safety, security, and privacy in this emerging field.
Dr. McNeal’s session will focus on issues related to the future of U.S. drone regulations. McNeal and a group of government facilitators will help identify challenge areas related to regulation and issues where industry leadership or cross-sector collaboration will prove useful in enabling small UAS integration.  Discussion topics will range from immediate-term implementation challenges for Part 107 and other near-term rulemakings, waiver reform, technical solutions for notice of operations, beyond visual line of sight (BVLOS) operations, nighttime flight, operations over people, and more.
Dr. McNeal is Professor of Law & Public Policy at Pepperdine University School of Law and is co-founder of AirMap which provides safety solutions for drones.  Dr. McNeal was previously appointed by the Secretary of Transportation to serve on the UAS Registration Task Force and was appointed by the FAA Administrator to serve on the Micro UAS Aviation Rulemaking Committee.  In addition to his work in support of policymaking, Dr. McNeal serves as Chair of the Consumer Technology Association’s Industry Standards Working Group on Unmanned Aircraft Systems (R6 WG 23) and as a voting member of the ASTM technical committee creating scientific standards to govern unmanned aircraft and their operation.
A report conveying the event’s proceedings will be produced by the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International Foundation and will be released to the public to inform policymaking.
FacebookTwitterLinkedInEmailPrint
Like this post?Sign up for my email list featuring news about tech, surveillance, security, startups & geeky stuff
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Tags:aviationdrone expertdrone lawFAAGreg McNealgregory mcnealoffice of science and technology policypart 107rulemakingunmanned aircraftwhite house
Share:
Greg McNeal
You may also like
Can Government Keep Pace with Emerging Technology?
October 30, 2017
by
Greg McNeal
in
Innovation
On the eleventh episode of the Free Lunch podcast, I partnered with Mercatus Senior Research Fellow Adam Thierer to...
A Vision For The Future Of Drones
October 25, 2017
Greg McNeal Appointed To FAA Aviation Rulemaking Committee
October 1, 2017
Cities And Counties Will Inevitably Have A Say In When And Where Drones Operate
September 7, 2017
Search for:
Categories
Blog
Drones
Featured
Innovation
Law and Public Policy
Media Appearances
Municipal Law
Presentations, Keynote Speeches & Expert Appearances
Privacy
Publications, Articles, White Papers
Start Ups
Surveillance