https://guelphhumane.ca/terms-of-use/
Jump to Content
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Website. By using this Website, you signify your agreement with these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any of the below Terms of Use, do not use this Website. The Guelph Humane Society (“GHS”) reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms of Use at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates.
1. Trade Marks, Copyrights and Restrictions
This Website is controlled and operated by GHS. The telephone number is (519) 824-3091. All material on this Website, including, but not limited to images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, is protected by copyrights which are owned and controlled by GHS or by other parties that have licensed their material to GHS (“Copyrights”). Material from this Website or from any other Website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by GHS (“GHS’s Websites”) may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of the copyrights and other proprietary rights. For purposes of this Terms of Use Agreement, the use of any such material on any other Website or networked computer environment is prohibited.
2. Privacy
GHS is respectful about the privacy concerns of the visitors to its Websites. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to its Websites. However, certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of GHS’s servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by the visitor, the type of operating system in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of visitors to the Websites but only in an aggregate and non-personally identifiable form. This information is used to better understand visitors’ use of our Websites and to support transactions made on the Websites. However, this data in an aggregate form may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. See our Privacy Policy for more information regarding privacy.
Many of the GHS Websites, including this one, place a “cookie” in the browser files of a GHS User’s computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, telephone number) on a bulletin boards or chat area, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. To the extent that any Website accessible through GHS has additional practices, these practices will be explained on the Website directly.
3. A Special Note for Parents Concerning Privacy
GHS makes a special effort to encourage children to consult with their parents before furnishing data. However, GHS believes that parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.
4. Linked Websites
GHS, whether or not affiliated with Websites which may be linked to this Website, is not responsible for their content (the “Linked Websites”). The Linked Websites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk and in accordance with any policies of the Linked Websites.
5. Disclaimer
The materials in GHS’s Websites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, GHS disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. GHS does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that GHS’s Websites or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. GHS does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in GHS’s Websites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. You (and not GHS) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. The material that you read in GHS’s Websites is provided solely for entertainment and promotional purposes. Any information or opinions expressed in Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms or other forums conducted on this Website (“Forums”) are not necessarily those of GHS or its affiliated or related entities or content providers and GHS makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions. Furthermore, neither GHS nor its affiliated or related entities or its content providers are responsible or liable to any person or entity whatsoever (including, without limitation, persons who may use or rely on such data/materials or to whom such data/materials may be furnished) for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character whatsoever based on or resulting from any information or opinions provided in GHS’s Websites.
6. Submissions
Any notes, message/billboard postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material submitted will become the property of GHS and GHS shall be entitled to use the material for any type of use forever including in any media whether now known or hereafter devised. When you submit material to GHS’s Websites, you agree that GHS has the right to publish the material for any type of use as outlined above including promotional and advertising purposes.
GHS is not responsible for any material posted on a Forum. You shall not submit or otherwise publish through such Forums any content which:
libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive or threatening;
infringes any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including, but not limited to violating anyone’s copyrights or trademarks;
violates any law;
advocates illegal activity; or
advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services( collectively “Non-Approved Material”).
You agree to indemnify GHS and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable lawyer’s fees, resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations and warranties.
7. E-Mail and Postings Received
Do not post any threatening or libelous e-mails or material on this Website that would be considered a violation of any law. GHS will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing GHS to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such e-mails or materials.
8. Jurisdictional Issues
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in GHS’s Websites are presented solely for the purpose of entertainment and promoting programs, films and other products available in Canada and its provinces and territories. This Website is controlled and operated by GHS from its offices within the Province of Ontario. GHS makes no representation that materials in GHS’s Websites are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such province. Any action you, any third party or GHS bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this Website shall be brought only in the courts of the Province of Ontario, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by GHS.