https://guelphhumane.ca/privacy-policy/
Jump to Content
Privacy Policy
1. Policy in accordance with FIPPA and PIPEDA
The Guelph Humane Society (“GHS”) respects the privacy of it members, sponsors, donors, and friends and the sensitivity and security of personal information. Personal information is collected by GHS in accordance with Ontario’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (“FIPPA”) and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). GHS Members, website users, sponsors, donors, volunteers and friends (“Users”) acknowledge and agree that their personal information may be collected, used, and shared by GHS in accordance with this policy.
2. Defining Private Information
GHS may collect submitted private information (“Submitted Private Information”) that includes, but is not limited to, any information that may identify an individual User, name, personal or business address and contact information, email address, credit card number, education and employment information, family and business relationships, correspondence, record of charitable giving, honours and awards received, information regarding tribute or memorial donations, indications of intent for charitable gifts, record of involvement with GHS, events attended, and photographs.
GHS may also collect private information that is not submitted by the Users (“Indirectly Submitted Private Information”). Indirectly Submitted Private Information includes, but is not limited to, browser type and IP address.
Submitted Private Information and Indirectly Submitted Private Information are collectively described as “Private Information”.
3. Consent
GHS gathers private information that is submitted to us and information that is not submitted to us. By submitted, GHS means any information consensually given verbally, in writing, by the completion of an HTML/Server generated form, or mailed, phoned or faxed to GHS. GHS will obtain the consent of individuals before or when it collects, uses or discloses personal information, except where authorized by law.
4. Purpose of Collecting Private Information
The Private Information collected by GHS is used in support of our membership program, adoption program, lost & found program, foster program, microchipping program, pet health insurance registration, animal appointments, and fundraising activities. GHS may also use collected information to contact Users (by mail, email, phone or other methods) to inform them of GHS programs including special events, news and updates, as well as specific needs or shelter activities. In addition, we may contact Users to offer opportunities to support GHS and to inform Users of various services and benefits offered in partnership with GHS.
GHS endeavours to only use Private Information for the purpose for which it was collected.
5. Disclosure of Private Information
GHS Users agree and acknowledge that GHS may from time to time disclose Private Information to third-parties in support of GHS activities. Whenever disclosing Private Information to third-parties, GHS will take all reasonable measures to ensure third-parties fulfill access and privacy considerations arising from all applicable laws and GHS policy. GHS will always direct third-parties to only use Private Information for the purpose of performing their role in support of GHS. GHS will demand reasonable assurance that third-parties will protect Private Information in conformance with applicable law and this policy. GHS may disclose Private Information in the following ways:
Private Information may be shared with GHS volunteers who are bound by confidentiality agreements for the purpose of donor relations, gift acknowledgement, membership programs, sponsorship programs, events and/or fundraising activities.
Private Information may be shared with legally contracted third party vendors for the purpose of GHS communications, event invitations, fundraising initiatives and/or marketing information on behalf of our affinity partners.
Private Information may be shared with the Canada Revenue Agency in accordance with applicable laws.
6. Safeguarding Private Information
GHS will use all reasonable safeguards to ensure that Private Information is protected from unauthorized access and use.
7. Individual Access and Openness
Upon written request, submitted to ED@guelphhumane.ca, and subject to exemptions stipulated by law, GHS will inform an individual User of the existence, use and disclosure of their personal Private Information and will provide access to that information. An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of their information and have it amended as appropriate.
8. Further Information, Concerns, and Access
If you have any questions about this Policy or wish to review, verify, obtain a copy, update or correct your personal Private Information or if you wish to deposit a written comment in your file or a request to delete such information, please contact ED@guelphhumane.ca. Please note that all requests to access personal information must be in writing or by e-mail.
Executive Director
Guelph Humane Society
P.O. 684
500 Wellington Street West
Guelph, Ontario
N1L 6L3