https://gurdwarajob.com/pages/termsandcondition
×
Login Required
Kindly log in to access the details
Login
×
Registration Required
Kindly Register to access the details
Register
×
Login Error
Username and Password are invalid
Close
×
To validate your profile kindly enter otp code.
Please Enter the correct OTP.
Submit
Resend Otp
Please enter Otp code
Otp has been sent successfully
Invalid Otp code
TERMS OF USE
This document is an Electronic Record under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Rules made thereunder and also as per the various provisions about Electronic Records in other Statues as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This Document is published by Rule 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 under the Information Technology Act, 2000 that requires the publishing of Rules and Regulations, Privacy Policy, user agreement for access or usage of the website and the Terms of Use of the website. Please read the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy before browsing/accessing the website. The Terms of Use and Privacy Policy together form a legally binding document between the Company and the User. This Document is an Electronic Record and hence, does not require the physical, electronic or digital signature. The domain name https://www.gurdwarajob.com (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Website'), is owned and managed by Amrit Pal Singh through his registered office, Potential in Ideas, a proprietorship firm having registered office at HM 61 Phase 3 B 1, S.A.S Nagar, Mohali-160059, Punjab, (hereinafter referred to as ‘Company'). The terms ‘Company', ‘us,' ‘we' or ‘our' refers to Potential in Ideas. The term ‘User,' ‘You' or ‘Your' refers to any user or viewer of the website including persons, natural or juristic, who access the website for services and also includes persons casually visiting the website. The term ‘Third Party’ refers to any person, natural or juristic, other than the Company and the User.
Your use of the website or availing of any services thereunder is subject to these Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as "Terms"). Your transactions, activities or mere use of the website including but not limited to registration to the website is governed by these Terms of Use including applicable policies under any reference or contents to the website, and you will be subjected to the terms of use during or after accessing or reading the content of the website. When you register with us, you must signify your acceptance of these Terms online registration form on the Website signifying your acceptance of these Terms. By impliedly or expressly accepting these Terms of Use as it is, You also accept and agree to be bound by Company Policies (including but not limited to Privacy Policy available on the website) as amended from time to time. You are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy if you continue to browse or use this website. By accessing the website, you irrevocably accept all the terms and conditions stipulated in this Terms of Use and agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or any future alterations or modifications to these Terms of Use, you must immediately discontinue use of the Website and any Services offered by it. You are also free to stop the use of the Website, and it is suggested that such discontinuation may be intimated by emailing us at gurdwarajob@gmail.com along with your login details, and we will strive to cancel your subscription and delete your account with us. Further, in case you access our website or its contents post intimation to us about cancelling the same and till the time we disconnect, you at this moment agree and understand that you shall be bound by the terms of use between the period of such intimation for discontinuation and disconnection of your account registered on the website.
The Company, at its sole discretion reserve the right to change, modify or remove any contents, images, portions or text or modify the Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. It is advised to review the contents or Terms of Use periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued use or accessing the contents of the website following the posting of any changes shall be considered as an acceptance of such change, modification or alteration and agreement for compliance of such revisions mentioned therein as and wherever applicable in the website. If any of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable for any reason by any judicial or quasi – judicial body in India, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining Terms. Our failure to act on breach of any of these Terms by you does not waive our rights to act on any subsequent or similar breaches. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any of our Services at our sole discretion at any time without giving you prior notice. We also reserve the right to suspend, add, modify or discontinue any or all Services available on the Website at our sole discretion at any time without giving prior notice. In such an event, you agree and give your consent to the fact that we will not incur any liability to you or any third party. Membership Eligibility The registration to the website and the use of the website is available only to persons who are Majors according to the Indian Majority Act, 1875 (i.e., persons above the age of 18 years) and individuals who are capable of forming the valid contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872. Individuals who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents, etc. are not eligible to use the Website. By registering, using or accessing the contents of the website, you agree that you are above 18 years of age and are a person competent to form legally binding contracts under Indian Contract Act, 1872. If you are a minor below the age of 18 years or person disqualified by law from contracting, you shall neither register with the website nor be eligible to access any contents or data or information available directly or via any links which may direct you to new domain or links including the contents of the company's website. Further, the Company reserves the right to terminate or suspend your account at the sole discretion of the Company in case it is found that you are a minor below the age of 18 years or a person who is incompetent to contract or a person disqualified by competent Court from contracting. Description of Services The Website is an online platform designed to connect Gurdwaras with religious preachers and staff by whatever name called.. The Website is also designed to bring together buyers, sellers, service providers and consumers related to the healthcare industry. Intellectual Property Applicable intellectual property laws protect all content and material on the Website including but not limited to information, images, marks, logos, animation and software's (collectively referred to as "Content"). Any use of the website or its contents without consent for any unintended purpose like an advertisement, publicity or any other purpose will be considered an infringement of our proprietary and intellectual property rights and will make you liable for legal action and claim for compensating the Company. Further, you may not yourself or through a third person or through any automated program or any system or any technology commit any act, implied or express, which violates any intellectual property right including copyright and trademark rights in any Content. You at this moment agree that you shall not use the domain name of the website or any information either visual or contents or abstracts therein without obtaining an explicit and specific permission or grant exclusively issued to you by the company in writing. The company solely reserves the right of granting such permission to you, and you are not liable to make any claims in comparison to any permission that has or was granted to any other person or an entity registered or exclusively sought such permission without registration to the website. Further, the company does not take any responsibility for accuracy or integrity or quality or contents posted by the users or any third party on the website, and you agree that if you rely on such content, you do so solely at your own risk and liability.
Reporting
If you are the lawful owner of any intellectual property or a person duly authorized by the owner of intellectual property and if you have sufficient grounds to believe that your intellectual property has been infringed by any of the content of the website, then kindly send an e-mail in this regard to gurdwarajob@gmail.com mentioning the following:
• Your Full Name and contact details such as address, phone number, e-mail id, etc.
• Identification and Detailed Description of the intellectual property that has been infringed.
• Details of the proof along with the necessary documents which serve as proof of your claim to the intellectual property of the content in question.
• A Statement by you that you have bonafide reason to believe that the use of content in question in the website is not authorized by you (owner), assignee, licensee or any person authorized by you in this behalf and that it amounts to violation of the intellectual property owned by you in respect of that content.
• A Statement by you undertaking that the information provided by you in your notice claiming the intellectual property is correct, accurate and complete.
Link to Third Party Sites
The Website may contain links to third party URL or domains or websites or its contents. If you visit any such 3rd party contents, you will be subject to terms and conditions posted on it. We neither control nor are responsible for Content on such sites. The fact of a link existing on our Website to a third-party website does not account to any endorsement of that website by our company. You understand that activities on such third party websites are solely an agreement between you and such third parties. You agree and understand that you will not hold us liable for any loss or damage you may incur as a result of any of your transactions with such third parties either directly or through an electronic means.
You’re Responsibilities
You are legally responsible and liable for all of your activities on the Website. You will not impose editorial comment, commercial material or any information on the Website or alter or modify Content on the Website or remove, obliterate or obstruct any proprietary notices or labels.
By viewing or using the Website or availing of any Services or using communication Services including but not limited to chat rooms, blogs, email services or any other real time or non-instant messaging facility provided by the Website, you acknowledge that you may be exposed to content posted by other users which you may find offensive, objectionable or indecent. You agree that you will not hold the company liable for such contents however you may bring such incidents or contents which you feel offensive or vulgar or unethical or unlawful in the notice of the company by writing us at gurdwarajob@gmail.com or review and the Company shall after due consideration take appropriate action deemed fit if the company feels such action is justified to be initiated. Further, you agree that you will not put any such contents which are offensive or vulgar or unethical or unlawful on the website which may harm or feel humiliated to an individual or a group of users or hurt religious sentiments of any person or religion or cast or any community.
Account
Access to the website does not require disclosure of any information. However, to use the services on the website, you may be required to furnish certain information. During the registration process, you will be required to choose an electronic mail address as a login name and a password and give us your contact details including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number(s). You undertake that you will update this information and keep it current. You acknowledge that we may, at any time require, verify the correctness of this information and to do so, we may require additional documentary proof from you, failing which we reserve the right to take any action deemed appropriate by us including deleting your profile. In case of loss of confidential information or any breach of your account information, inform us by sending a mail to gurdwarajob@gmail.com You will not create a login name or password or upload, distribute, transmit, publish or post through or on the Website or through any service or facility including any instant or non – instant messaging facility provided by the Website, Content which is defamatory, obscene, intimidating, invasive of privacy, abusive, illegal, harassing or which contains expressions of hatred, racial discrimination, pornography or are otherwise objectionable, or which would constitute incitement to commit a criminal offence, violate the rights of any person, or violate any law. Your login name or Content may not disparage in any manner the Company or any of its sponsors, products, Services, or websites. You will not upload, distribute, or publish through the Website, Content which may contain viruses, malware or computer contaminants (as defined in the Information Technology Act 2000 in force in India) which may interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality or disrupt any software, hardware, or other equipment. Your Account and Registration Obligations If you use the Website, You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Display Name and Password, and you shall be responsible for all activities that occur under your Display Name and Password. You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete or We have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or not in accordance with this Terms of Use, We shall have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate or block access of your membership on the Website and refuse to provide You with access to the Website.
While using the website, you undertake not to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that-
• Belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;
• Is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another person's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
• Harm minors in any way;
• Infringes patent, trademark, copyright, or other proprietary rights,
• Violates any law for the time being in force;
• Deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
• Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of computer resource;
• Threatens the unity, integrity, defense security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation;
• Impersonates another person.
In addition to the above, the User further undertakes not to • Violate the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
• Make unsolicited communication to other users of the website;
• Intentionally submit any false, inaccurate, inadequate, fraudulent and incomplete information;
• Transmit any information in any manner, including but not limited to advertisements, hyperlinks, and post on the website which are detrimental to the interests of the Company.
You will not, through any service or facility including any instant or non – instant messaging facility provided by the Website, promote the Services of any third party including websites that may be providing Services similar to the Website.
You will not intentionally disrupt other users or discussions by repeatedly posting the same message or the messages which convey same meaning using different words or the combination of words or through excessive posts with any messaging facility or bulletin board services, if any, provided on the Website. You will not impersonate another person or user, attempt to get a password, other account information, or other private information from a user, or harvest email addresses or other information from the Website. Further, you will not promote your services or products through the website without prior and written permission from us. You will not host, intercept, emulate or redirect proprietary communication protocols, if any, used by the Website regardless of the method used, including protocol emulation, reverse engineering, modifying the Website or any files that are part of the Website. You may not add unauthorized components, create or use exploits, bots, hacks or any other third-party software designed to modify the Website or use any third-party software that intercepts, mines or otherwise collects information from or through the Website or through any Services. You will not purchase, sell, trade, rent, lease, license, grant a security interest in, or transfer your user account or any other attributes appearing in, originating from or associated with the Website or by using any Services. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for all Content posted, transmitted, uploaded or otherwise made available on the Website by you. You certify that you own the intellectual property rights in all such Content. By submitting Content to the Website, you agree to grant us a royalty-free, world-wide, non-exclusive, and assignable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, edit, translate, create derivative works from, transmit, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your Content and to use such content in any related marketing materials produced by us or our affiliates. You understand that you do not obtain any rights, legal or equitable, in any material incorporating your Content.
Supplementary Posting Policy
In addition to the above, the Website prohibits any posting in relation to the following items:
1. Any posting or link to any resource
A. that is not healthcare related or does not relate to medical equipment or consumable;
B. relating to Alcoholic Beverages, liquor or tobacco products;
c. Posts including but not limited to the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, the Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act, 1954 Narcotic Drug and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985.
2. Counterfeit or stolen medical goods, equipment consumables or illegal services.
3. Duplicate postings where more than one posting with the same content is made.
Any violation of this policy may result in suspension or termination of membership (as the case maybe), permanent blocking of access to the site and reporting to appropriate authorities for legal action. Membership
Some of the Services may require you to pay a subscription fee, as described in the specific supplementary terms and conditions in the paid Premium Services Membership section below. Your participation as a member of the Website signifies that you agree and consent to the following: 1. To be eligible to register as a member of the Website, you represent and warrant that you have the legal capacity to enter into an agreement.
2. Your registration on the Website is restricted to a single user account that will be used by you to avail of the Services provided on the Website. You are prohibited from creating, uploading or using multiple user IDs or profiles for registering on the Website.
3. Creation of multiple user IDs or profiles on the Website is expressly forbidden and will result in us deleting the accounts and debarring access to the Services for all users who undertake such activity or indulge in such practices. 4. You agree and acknowledge that we will take all steps necessary to determine whether your membership with us is by the terms and conditions laid down herein.
5. We reserve the right to suspend your account and prohibit your access to the Website should we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you have registered or have availed of the Services provided on the Website using multiple user IDs. Additionally, you will forfeit any benefits which you may have accrued under any scheme promoted by us if we have reasonable cause to believe that you may have violated clauses 1 or 2 above.
6. You will be liable to comply with any applicable law while registering on the Website. You agree to indemnify us against any claims, expenses or liabilities by any person or entity arising out of your non-compliance with any applicable laws.
7. You acknowledge that your registered electronic mail address with us is our primary method of contacting you and you agree to keep such address current and updated at all times.
8. You represent and warrant that you are acting as an individual and not on behalf of any organization providing similar services like us, either commercial or otherwise. You understand and acknowledge that your registration with us will stand terminated immediately and access to your account shall be blocked should we have reason to believe that you have acted in violation of this paragraph. Nothing withstanding above, we reserve the rights to either terminate your account registered with us or otherwise for nonusage or nonlogin using your display name and password for at least once in 3 months.
Paid Services Membership
When you avail of Paid Services Membership, you agree to pay such subscription fee as applicable. Paid Services Memberships on the Website are additionally subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. The subscription fee paid by you is non-refundable. We, therefore, recommend that you familiarize yourself with and understand the scope of our Services fully before being a paid subscriber.
2. Your registration details including your name using which you have registered on the Website must correspond with the name and other details on your credit card or any other payment system or instrument. We reserve the right to verify your identification details from time to time before effecting a transaction with you. At any point of time in our transactions with you, if we detect or have reasonable cause to suspect that you may be involved with identity fraud, we may bar you from accessing the Website without prejudice to any other legal recourse we may have.
3. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account with us solely at our discretion at any time and refund your subscription fees after deduction of the appropriate amount on a temporal pro rata basis depending on your usage without incurring any additional liability to you whatsoever. However, should we have reasonable cause to believe that any fraudulent activity including, among other thi ngs,
A. using payment instrument(s) not belonging to you without permission of the owner of the instrument to make payments, or
B. Accessing someone else's account without authorization
is being carried involving your account, we may, apart from terminating your account and debarring you from future registration with us, take recourse to the due legal process for mitigation of the fraud.
4. You agree and understand that the Company may monitor your account to determine your usage. If your usage is found to be below the minimum period as determined by us from time to time, we reserve the right to terminate your account or charge your account maintenance fee that which shall be intimated to you. Disclaimer and Indemnification
The Company expressly disclaims all warranties or conditions of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including without limitation the implied warranties of title, non - infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
You understand and acknowledge that the finding of a suitable buyer or seller for a prospective transaction through the Website depends, amongst other things, on the number of subscribers on the Website and that the Company plays no role other than facilitating your access to other subscribed members through the Website. Consequently, the Website does not promise, guarantee or imply success in your endeavour of a successful transaction at any time after you have subscribed to the Website irrespective of whether such subscription is free or paid.
You understand and acknowledge that the Website is merely a platform or an interface and nothing more. Therefore, your interactions and dealings with entities found on or through the Services, whether commercial or personal, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such entities. You should make whatever investigation or precaution and verification of credentials of the entity you are dealing with you feel is necessary before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any such entity. You agree not to make the Company or any of its officials responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any nature incurred as the result of such dealings. You understand and agree that the Company is under no obligation to become involved in the event of a dispute between subscribers on the Website, or between subscribers and any third party. In the event of such a dispute with one or more other subscribers, you hereby release the Company, its officers, employees, agents and successors in rights from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and / or the Services.
The Website and its content are provided strictly on "as is, where is" basis and images of the contents resemble the lookalike pictorial representation, however, in original, it may differ from the one as represented in the image produced on the website.
The company does not ensure or guarantee continuous, error-free, secure or virus-free operation of the Website or its Content including software, your account or continued operation or availability of any facility on the Website and that you voluntarily and with full knowledge risk such contingencies as aforesaid when you subscribe to the Website. The Company disclaims responsibility for all and any damages due to viruses, worms, bugs that may infect your computer system and network because of you’re browsing or using the website and downloading any images, files from the website.
You agree that in the unlikely event of interruptions in the Services or your computer being affected by any viruses or computer contaminants from the Website, such outages would be with your permission and that you will not file any claims for compensation under any law for the same.
Additionally, the Company does not promise or ensure that you will be able to access your account whenever you want or 24x7 operational service. It is entirely possible that you may not be able to access your account or the Services provided by the Company at times or for extended periods of time.
You agree to assume the whole, and the entire risk as to the results and performance of any Services availed by you on the Website as such result and performance among other things depends on your Internet connection. You agree to bear the entire cost of all servicing, repair and/or correction of your hardware when you access or download any information available on the Website. We will not be responsible for any software or hardware failure or high volume of data usage consumed while accessing our website and contents therein and you will not claim any money or any form of compensation from us in case such event(s). The Company expressly disclaims liability for any delay or failure for you to access the Website.
The Company disclaims responsibility and liability for any harm resulting from suspension or deletion of your account due to any reason whatsoever. If you are a fee or subscription based user of the Website, you acknowledge and agree that you will not be entitled to any refund in case of any service outages that may be caused by periodic maintenance of the Company’s hardware or software, failures of its service providers, computer viruses or contaminants, natural disasters, war, civil disturbance, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Company. The website is for the genuine listing of Gurdwaras with religious preachers and staff by whatever name called. The Company disclaims all responsibility for any listing which is not genuine . Such users shall be solely responsible for any loss caused to the users of the website and the Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage or any claim, civil or criminal, arising out of such posting. If it is found out by the Company that any listing by any user is not genuine or he/she is not the owner or person authorised by the owner to make such listing, then the Company reserves full rights to remove such listing from immediate effect without intimation and bar such user from further listing on the website and using the services thereunder.
The Company shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the Website.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Company harmless from all claims, damages, and expenses made by any third party arising out of
A. your content, or
B. your use of the Website, your connection to the Website, or
C. your violation of these Terms or Privacy Policy; or
D. use of the Website by any other person accessing the Services using your user name or password, whether or not with your authorization.
Payment Related Information
There are no fees or charges levied for browsing through the website. However, there may be certain charges levied for using the website or availing certain services of the website if charges are applicable for your usage or availing services on the website, you shall be notified along with the amount payable by you for such use or availing of services. The Company reserves the right to change the fees or charge structure from time to time. It shall be your responsibility to check the website for change in the fees or charges. Your continued usage of the website shall imply your consent to the change in the fees or charges, and you shall be bound by the same. It shall be your responsibility to provide the correct information such as credit/debit card details, bank account details and/or any other such necessary details required by the Bank Payment Gateway to process your payment for availing services through the website. The information provided by you will not be used or disclosed to any third party except otherwise required by the law to do so.
You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of the credit/debit card details, bank account details and/or any other necessary details at all times. The Company disclaims all responsibility for any claim, loss or damage arising out of your failure to maintain the security and confidentiality of the credit/debit card details, bank account details and any other such necessary details. The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage, directly or remotely, due to any unauthorized usage of credit/debit card, Bank Account or other information.
Jurisdiction
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of the Terms or Privacy Policy contained herein is understood and agreed by you and the Company to be adjudicated or interpreted in accordance with the Laws of India and only Courts of SAS Nagar, Mohali, Punjab shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to try all or any matters arising hereunder. Grievance Officer
We ensure utmost care to ensure the best in industry services to all its users. If you have any grievance concerning the Website or the Services, you may contact the Company's grievance officer at:
Name: Amrit Pal Singh
Email: gurdwarajob@gmail.com
Mobile: (91) 9876625076
Privacy Policy
The Company respects your privacy and assures you that any information provided by you to the Company is protected and will be dealt with according to this Policy. To avail of the Services offered on the Website, you may have to provide certain information to us. This includes you’re:
1. Username
2. Password
3. Valid Email address
4. Name
5. Birth Date
6. Telephone number
7. Postal/Contact address
When you visit the Website, certain information may also be automatically collected and stored, including:
a. The IP address of your computer, browser type, and language.
b. The date and the time from which you accessed the site.
c. The address of the website which you may have used to link to the Website
What we do with the information we gather
We require the information to provide you the best service and assist you in transacting and making better choices, and in particular for the following reasons-
• Internal record keeping;
• To understand the user’s preferences and requirements;
• To improve our services;
• To understand how our users use the services and resources provided on the website;
• For research, statistical analysis, business intelligence and other data analytics purposes;
• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for feedback and market research purposes.
Cookie Policy
When you visit and access the Website, cookies may be left on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that uniquely identifies your browser. The cookies assigned by the servers of the Company may be used to personalize your experience on the Website. Additionally, cookies may also be used for authentication, management and security purposes. The advertisers on the Website may also assign cookies when you click on any of the advertisements that may be displayed on Website in which case such cookies are controlled by these advertisers and not the Website.
When you register your email address with the Website, you agree to receive email communication from the Company, entities specifically authorized by the Company and other users.
The Website may also use software applications for website traffic analysis and to gather statistics, used for advertising and for determining the efficacy and popularity of the Website, among others.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable technical, managerial and infrastructural procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. We have in place appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and other data stored on the website. Information gathered by the Company is stored securely using several information security applications including firewalls and industry standard encryption. However, security is always relative, and the Company cannot guarantee that its security measures are absolute and cannot be breached.
Also, data which is transmitted over the Internet is inherently exposed to security risks or threats. For instance, information transmitted via chat or email can be compromised and used by others. Therefore, the Company cannot guarantee any security for such information.
When you register with the Website, your account is protected as a result of login information which includes a username and a password that is known only to you. Therefore, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information including your username and password. If you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including compromise of your login information, it is your responsibility to immediately notify the Company on email id hospitalforsalelease@gmail.com or contact the company official on mobile no. +91-9876625076. At no point in time will the Company be liable for your loss of password or loss of control over your account. The Website may contain links to other websites. For instance, if you invite people to subscribe to the Website, the Company may use third party websites to import your address book containing the email addresses of such friends and acquaintances to which you can then choose to send invited. You acknowledge and agree to the use of your address book for the said purpose by such third party websites. You also acknowledge that such third party websites are governed by their own privacy policies and the Company does not exercise any control over them. It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policy of such websites when you follow a link outside the Website.
The Company may share personally identifiable information with entities authorized by it which may include advertisers and sponsors of the Company who may, in turn, contact you by electronic mail or otherwise. The Company conducts periodic analysis and survey of the traffic to the Website for market research and advertising purposes. The Company reserves the right to share your registration information with its appointed market research and advertising companies or firms from time to time for the said purposes. The Company may also use cumulative non-personal information for auditing and analysis purposes with the aim of improving its services.
The Company may share personal information with potential and subsequent business partners if the Company ever files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent or is acquired
By a third party, merges with a third party, sells all or part of its assets, or transfers substantially all or part of its relevant assets to a third party. The Company may also share personal information with third party payment gateways for processing of financial data and for verification of identification details from time to time. Additionally, The Company may share personally identifiable information if sharing of such information is necessary: A. to comply with legal processes or governmental request, or
B. to enforce the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or
C. for prevention of fraud, or
D. for issues involving information security, or
E. to protect your rights; the rights of the Company; and the rights of the general public
The Company may share the personal and demographic information, when required by lawful order, to Governmental agencies that are authorized for investigative, protective, cyber security activity. The information or any such assistance shall be provided for the purpose of verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution, cyber security incidents and punishment of offences under any law for the time being in force, on a request in writing stating clearly the purpose of seeking such information or any such assistance.
The Company confirms that this Privacy Policy is only a description of its operation regarding user information. This Policy is not intended to and does not create any legal rights in your favour or in favour of any other person. The Company reserves the right to change this Policy at any time without giving you prior notice.
When you register with us, you're checking the check box on the online registration form on the Website signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. You may, at any time, contact us by email or by snail mail if you wish to A. discontinue use of the Website; or
B. change or update your personally identifiable information.
You may please contact us by calling us on 9876625076 or writing to us on our email id hospitalforsalelease@gmail.com for any further clarifications on the Terms of Use. In the case of any text or contents open for interpretation, the interpretation of conclusion made by the company shall be final, and you must agree to the same before registering to the website.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL POLICY
Customer Grievances Redressal Policy 2016
In the present scenario of healthcare delivery, excellence in customer service is the most important tool for sustained business growth. The User complaints are part of the business life of any corporate entity. As a service organization, customer satisfaction is the prime concern for any Healthcare business. We believe that providing prompt and efficient service is essential not only to attract new customers but also to prevail over the existing customers. This policy document aims at minimizing instances of customer complaints and grievances through proper service delivery and review mechanism and ensuring prompt Redressal of complaints and grievances. The review mechanism will help in identifying the shortcomings in product features and the provision of services. Our policy on grievance Redressal follows the under noted principles: -
• Customers will be treated courteously at all times.
• Complaints raised by customers are dealt with fairly and in time.
• A Complaint / Suggestion form is provided with all employees interacting with the customer.
• Customers are fully informed of the avenues available to escalate their complaints/grievances within the company and their rights for an alternative remedy if they are not entirely satisfied with the response.
• We will handle all complaints efficiently and fairly.
• We will work in good faith and without prejudice to the interests of the customers.
This policy document is made available on our Website. All employees of the company are informed of the complaint handling process.
Customer complaints arise due to:
• The attitudinal aspects in dealing with clients.
• Wrong information in the database
• Technological issues relating to the failure of transactions.
• Skimming and phishing of accounts/passwords / emails, etc.
• The inadequacy of the functions/arrangements available to the customers or gaps in the standards of services expected and the actual services rendered.
The customer has every right to register the complaint if the services are not satisfactory. Complaints can be made orally / over phone/e-mail / or through the internet. The customer's complaint shall be resolved within 90 working days.
Company shall take all reasonable care and responsibility, in the case of any fault beyond the reasonable limits the company shall not be responsible.
Awareness of Grievance Redressal System
At www.gurdwarajob.com, the users' experience is what we deliberate and focus on. This is why we listen and take the time to know our users and take their concerns seriously. Going skin-deep to analyze and scrutinize, how you would feel from the time you step into www.gurdwarajob.com till the time you're done, helps us evolve and enhance our services. If a user has found our experience straightforward and incredible, we know we are doing something worthy. However, when a user is concerned or has complaints, we do everything we can to fix it and make it right. Sensitizing staff on handling complaints
Our staff undergoes regular training to ensure that consumer’s queries and grievances are handled correctly. They are encouraged to work in a manner which helps us in building the consumer trust and confidence. It reflects in both the operations as well as the customer communications. Top reasons behind the user queries are analyzed and worked upon in a way which aims at removal of these reasons from the root. It helps in improving the overall quality of the service levels gradually.
How to reach us:
Level 1: You can write to support hospitalforsalelease@gmail.com
Level 2: If you are still not satisfied, please write to
Nodal Customer Redressal Officer
Potential in Ideas
[HM 61 Phase 3 B 1, S.A.S. Nagar, Mohali 160059, Punjab]
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of the services obtained through the website contained herein is understood and agreed by you and the Company to be adjudicated or interpreted in accordance with the Laws of India and only Courts of SAS Nagar, Mohali, Punjab shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to try all or any matters arising hereunder.
Dispute Resolution
In the event of any dispute or controversy arising out of or concerning the Terms of Use and other Policies contained herein, the dispute shall be resolved only through negotiations and arbitration. The arbitration shall take place at SAS Nagar, Mohali Punjab.
The Arbitrator shall not have the authority, power, or right to alter, change, amend, modify, add, or subtract from any provision of this Policy or to award punitive damages.
The arbitrator shall be a neutral arbitrator mutually selected by the parties, and there shall only be one arbitrator. The Arbitrator shall have the power to issue mandatory orders and restraining orders in connection with the arbitration. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment may be entered thereon in an appropriate Court having jurisdiction to do so. The agreement to arbitration shall be specifically enforceable under prevailing Arbitration Law of India (Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 2015). During the continuance of any arbitration proceeding, the parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement.