https://hallee.org/privacy-disclaimer/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement for Hal Lee Ministries
Hal Lee Ministries has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site:
Our web site’s email and forms may require our visitors to give us contact information (like their name and email address). Contact information collected on these forms is used to send information about our site and services.
All information is kept in confidence and will not be sold, rented, or shared with any other outside organizations.
Choice / Opt-Out
This site gives our visitors the following options for removing their information from our database and to not receive future communications. Please reply to any email you receive with Opt Out or Remove in the subject field or use our contact form.
Correct / Update
This site gives our visitors the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Please use our contact form with your name and previous and new email address information.
Contacting our Web Site
If you have any questions about our privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us by using our contact form.
Disclaimer
This site may contain links to other sites. Hal Lee Ministries is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those Web sites. Although we make a good faith effort to only list sites that we believe are benefiting the body of Christ, we can not accept responsibility for their content. If you have reached a web site link that you feel is not adhering to Christian ethics or doctrine, we would like for you to let us know. Please notify us by using our contact form.
Thank You!
Cookies
Optionally, our website uses cookies to save a small file to our guest’s computer containing information to remind them of their previous Bible Study. You may delete all of our cookies from your computer by clicking on the “Delete BookMarker” link on the Bible Studies page. No information is ever saved to our servers.
May God Bless His Word and His Work in Your Life,
Daniel Lee