http://halloransage.com/information/#privacy
INFORMATION
History
Robert L. Halloran and Henry Eno Sage founded Halloran Sage in 1935 upon two bedrock principles: vigorous representation of clients and superior responsiveness to clients’ needs. Through the years, their two-lawyer partnership grew and diversified to become what it is today – one of Connecticut’s leading law firms. Much has changed since 1935, but our commitment to our founders’ principles remains as solid today as on the day Halloran and Sage first shook hands as partners.
Something else remains unchanged – our belief that meeting clients’ needs should be the driving force in our growth. Four years after starting the firm, Halloran and Sage saw a need to better serve clients in the areas of estate and probate, real property, business associations and commercial transactions. So they brought in a third partner, Howard B. Phelon, former general counsel to City Bank of Hartford, who had the knowledge and experience to address that need. The firm continued to grow at a measured pace, increasing in great strides over time, with unwavering focus on the goal of strengthening our ability to serve the full range of our clients’ needs.
For over twenty years, Goodwin Square, in the center of downtown Hartford, has been the mainstay and headquarters of Halloran Sage. Our objective of delivering superior client service also drove our geographic expansion. We opened our first branch office in 1963 in Middletown, Conn. and then expanded to Fairfield County when we opened our Westport, Conn., branch in 1996. In 2001, seeing a need to enhance our services to clients in public contracting and federal regulatory matters, we opened our Washington, D.C. office. Since 2008, we have continued to service our clients by opening additional locations in New London, New Haven and Danbury, Conn. Throughout our expansion and evolution we have always remained involved and committed to our community’s growth and vitality.
Long recognized for our litigation practice, Halloran Sage has evolved into a sophisticated, full-service law firm representing businesses and individuals in a diverse array of essential legal matters. While much of our work is in the Northeast, our clients and cases come from throughout the United States and overseas. To better service clients worldwide, we are members of the ALFA International, a legal network. The ALFA network is comprised of more than 125 law firms (85 in the United States) with nearly 300 offices throughout the U.S. and around the world. More information about ALFA can be found at www.alfainternational.com. In 2000, we launched our affiliate, Halloran & Sage Government Affairs LLC, to provide legislative, regulatory and executive lobbying and consulting services.
Through eight decades of growth, our firm has adhered to its founders’ principles of vigorous representation and superior responsiveness. It is a tradition of quality that will carry our firm well into the future.
Pro Bono
Our firm is committed to providing legal services to those in need. As such, the firm maintains a formal pro bono program which invests thousands of hours a year to pro bono legal services across all of its offices. We believe it is our professional responsibility to assist those in our communities who cannot afford legal services and are effectively denied access to justice. It is also the right thing to do. Because our offices focus on the needs in their local communities, the pro bono matters that we work on are diverse, including matters such as tax law, mergers and acquisitions, landlord/tenant, VA administration, estate planning, divorce, support enforcement, post judgment support, general liability, criminal, real estate transactions.
Additionally, our Firm provides thousands of volunteer hours and supports numerous activities and events sponsored by charitable and civic organizations throughout our region. Our firm recognizes the advantages it enjoys by virtue of its position in the community. And we support our community by providing access to legal services for those who need them most but cannot afford them. Halloran Sage is committed to enhancing life in the communities in which we live and work.
Make Payment
Halloran Sage has partnered with LawPay, to accept credit card payments as a convenient option for our clients. LawPay utilizes the latest security protocols to ensure that your credit card transactions are safe and secure.
Please note that this service is for existing clients ONLY. If a payment cannot be matched to an existing account, we will reject the charge. The only way you can secure legal representation by one of our lawyers is by receipt of an executed engagement letter or agreement by an authorized representative of Halloran Sage.
Two payment transaction types are available, please click on the link below that applies:
PAYMENT OF INVOICES (invoice number or client/matter number required)
PAYMENT OF RETAINER
If you are missing any required information or need help making a payment, please contact our accounting department by phone 860-522-6103 or email accounting@halloransage.com
Privacy
Privacy is a concern of many with respect to the Internet, the World Wide Web, and the transmission of information to and from web sites. In order that Halloran & Sage LLP (the Firm), its clients, and others who may access the Firms web sites all understand our policy with respect to privacy, we are publishing this Privacy Policy Statement.
General Statement
The Firm does not currently collect or retransmit any personal identifying information (Personal Information) through our web site, except as follows:
Information that the Firm’s Internet Service Provider (ISP) provides to the Firm: (a) automatically such as a users Internet    address and possibly the users e-mail address, and (b) as part of reports or other information for the purpose of    monitoring, evaluating, and enhancing access to and usage of the Firm’s web site. In such cases, such information may    include Personal Information as part of a report. Such information is not retransmitted to any person or entity outside of the    Firm, other than for the purpose of utilizing such information to enhance or modify the Firm’s web pages.
Information that a user sends to us in an e-mail message.
Information that a user submits through a search request or form within our web site.
Information that a user submits to the Recruiting Committee and/or others involved in the Recruiting process.
The Firm reserves the right to use Personal Information, and other information obtained from users of its web site, for its own proper purposes, but will not sell to or exchange with third parties such Personal Information.
E-Mail
As is true in almost all Internet contexts, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, especially if it is unsolicited and not from a person or entity with whom we have an attorney-client relationship. If you choose to send e-mail to the Firm or any attorneys or staff of the Firm, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to retain all or a portion of the content of your e-mail, your e-mail address and our response, and all such information and material will be the property of the Firm. If you are concerned about e-mail and security, we suggest that before you send such e-mail, you communicate using what you consider to be a secure mode with the prospective recipient to discuss how best to transmit the information.
Cookies
The Firm does not currently use Cookies on its web site. We reserve the right, however, to use them in the future, without prior notice other than a modification of this policy statement.
Links and Tools
The Firm’s web site includes links and tools to other resources located on the Internet. Unless otherwise stated, such links and tools are not affiliated with or endorsed by the Firm, and the Firm disclaims any and all liability or responsibility for the contents of such sites or the use by those sites of any Personal Information or other information which you may provide to them. These linked sites and tools are not governed by the Firms Privacy Policy Statement, and we encourage you to view their privacy policies, if any, prior to accessing such sites or providing them any information.
Privacy Protection Policy
Pursuant to Connecticut General Statute Section 42-471 concerning the confidentiality of Social Security numbers and other personal information, it is Halloran Sage’s policy to protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers and personal information obtained and used in the course of business from its employees and clients.
Modifications in Policy
The Firm reserves the right to alter, modify, amend, and in any way change its Privacy Policy at any time, without notice other than as posted on this Policy Statement page. We encourage your to review this Policy Statement page for updates or modifications. Changes will be effective when posted.
Questions and Inquiries
Should you have any questions or concerns about this policy, you may contact us at info@halloransage.com
Disclaimer
The materials on this Internet World Wide Web site (this Site), and all pages which are part of this Site, are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute the giving of legal advice by Halloran & Sage LLP (the Firm) or any of its attorneys or professionals, nor are they intended to solicit or create an attorney-client relationship between you and the Firm. Because of the nature of this material, it is also not warranted to be correct, complete, or up-to-date. You should not act or rely on any information in this Site or its pages without seeking the advice of a competent attorney of your choice in an appropriate jurisdiction.
We would be pleased to communicate with you by e-mail, but our doing so will not, in and of itself, create any attorney-client relationship. If you choose to communicate with us through this Site or otherwise in connection with a matter for which we do not already represent you, you should be aware that we may not respond, and do not have any independent obligation to your e-mail. In addition, if we do not already represent you in connection with the matter about which you communicate with us, please be advised that your communication and our response, if any, may not be treated as privileged or confidential. In addition, please be advised that unless otherwise indicated, we cannot represent or guarantee that electronic communications to us will be secure or confidential. Thus, unless otherwise specifically agreed, please avoid sending sensitive information electronically.
In some jurisdictions this Site may be considered ADVERTISING. This is not our intention. The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision, which should not be based solely upon advertisements or written information about the attorney’s qualifications and experience. The Firm has attempted to comply with all known legal and ethical requirements in compiling the Site, but we do not seek to represent clients based upon their review of any portions of this Site, which fail to fully comply with all applicable legal or ethical requirements.
Some portions of this Site contain Links, Tools, or other information located at other locations on the Internet. These are provided as citations, aids, and information that may help you identify and locate other resources that may be of interest, or to provide you resources created by other persons, which you may find of interest. To the extent that any of those links, tools or sites were not created by or for the Firm, the inclusion of such Links and Tools are not intended to state or imply that the Firm sponsors, endorses, approves of, is affiliated or associated with such linked sites or their contents, nor that the Firm is legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, copyrighted symbol, or copyrighted material that may be reflected in or accessed by such links. All trademarks or other identifying materials are property of their respective owners. No responsibility is taken or assumed for any information contained in any linked sites.
The contents of this Site include articles and content, which have been prepared by the Firm and others. While there are references to some specific matters, every case is different and the results in one case may be different from those in another matter. These articles and content should not be considered specific advice regarding any matter.
The information contained in our Recruiting page is for informational purposes only. It does not constitute a contract of employment, and is subject to change without notice.
The Firm designates its office in Hartford, Connecticut as its principal office and Joseph G. Fortner, Jr. as the partner responsible for this site. Any inquiries or questions regarding this site should be directed towebadmin@halloransage.com.
The Firm’s attorneys are not certified by the Florida Bar Board of Legal Specialization and Education under the legal specialization provisions of the Rules Regulating the Florida Bar. The Firm is also Not Certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.
Unless otherwise stated, all material on this site is copyrighted 2018 by Halloran & Sage LLP. All rights reserved.
We're close to you
Wherever you and your challenges are, we're within reach
Locations
Hartford
Danbury
Middletown
New Haven
New London
Washington, DC
Westport