https://halpi.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Your privacy is very important to Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc., and information you provide through this web site will remain confidential until you tell us that we can disclose it. This privacy policy tells you what information we might collect from you, and how we might use it.
Information you choose to provide.
You do not have to provide us with any information to use our website. You may choose to provide us with certain personal information so that you may receive further communication from us, such as email or a return phone call.
Web traffic monitoring.
We use analytic software that monitors traffic on our website by recording each visitor’s domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and other similar information. We do not link this data to any specific person who browses the website. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We do not share your information with third parties.
Cookies.
This site uses cookies, which are small files stored on your computer, to enhance your experience of the site. The cookies we use do not contain personally identifiable information, and they do not provide any personally identifiable information to us or to anyone else.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Site services or websites you visit.
Communication from us.
We provide an email link should you have questions about us. We will respond via email to legitimate inquiries.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We may offer links to web sites operated by third parties.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any third party websites you choose to link to from our Site so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Site. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this Site.
Contacting us.
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Statement.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  You will be bound by any changes to our Privacy Statement when you use the Site after such changes to our Privacy Statement have been posted.
The Site is administered and maintained by Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc.  Use of the Site is governed by the Terms of Use and indicates acceptance of such terms.
Disclaimer
Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc., makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site’s content. This site and the materials, information, services and products in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their completeness, correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. In addition to the above, you (and not Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc.) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.
In certain states, the law may not permit the disclaimer of warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and material available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your Internet account (including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct), by you or any other person accessing the website using your Internet account.
Modification of the Website and these Terms
By providing material on this Site, blog or social media channels, Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. does not promise that the materials will remain available to you. Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc.  is entitled to terminate all or any portion of this website at any time, without notice to you. Home & Leisure Publishing, Inc. also reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices for this website at any time by updating this posting and your use of the website following any such changes will constitute your consent to such modified terms. You agree to review these terms regularly to verify for changes. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this website.
What We DoHALPI Websites
Bruno and Fang
Elder Life Crisis
FRIENDS & Lovers
Gaudette Electric, Inc.
Little Old Lady Gambler
Midlife Club
Mr. Transition Guy
Pat Gaudette
Pat’s Patio Garden
HALPI Books
How To Survive Your Husband’s Midlife Crisis
How To Survive Your Wife’s Midlife Crisis
Journaling Through His Midlife Crisis
Madonna/Whore Complex
Sparky the AIBO
Teen Mom: A Journal
Have I Finally Found Out How To Just “Be”?
Adultery At Midlife
Midnight Confessions
Advice for an Imperfect Single World
Advice For An Imperfect Married World
Ugly Dolls, The Naber Kids Story
Casino Gambling Guide For Little Old Ladies
Video Poker For Little Old Ladies
How To Be A Self-Published Author
Kindle “Short”: Cheaters & Cheating
Kindle “Short”: Midlife Divorce
Kindle “Short”: Cyber Love, Sex, & Betrayal
Kindle “Short”: Dating After Divorce
Kindle “Short”: Men & Women, Sex & Love
Questions? Contact Us