http://hangingrockorg.presencehost.net/hrca-terms-of-usage.html
Skip to main content
HRCA Terms of Usage
Terms of UseThese Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the Hanging Rock Christian Assembly,
INC. ("Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.") web site located at hangingrock.org (this website), and all associated sites linked thereto by Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. and its licencors.  BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
The purpose of this Site is to promote the events, to collect registrations, solicit funds and to market our services.
ContentGraphics, photographs, logos, trademarks, sounds, music, artwork, text, and "look and feel" portion of the Site are in certain circumstances property of Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. User interfaces, visual interfaces and computer code , including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, (collectively the "Content") and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s express prior written consent.
Your Use of the SiteYou may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., or third party, server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site.
You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., including any account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC..
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC..
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. or others.
Accounts, Passwords and SecurityCertain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up a User ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your account, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential. You agree to notify Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. or any other user of or visitor to the Site due to someone else using your User ID, password or account as a result of your failing to keep your account information secure and confidential.
You may not use anyone else’s User ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that User ID, password or account. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
In order to make payment for an Event through this Site, you must first enter your User ID and password to authenticate your account.  When registering for an Event you agree to provide accurate and complete information, which may include but is not limited to name, birth-date, credit card information, parental contact, emergency contact information, and medical information, parental permissions to attend/participate in activities, and parental permission for medical treatment. ("Event Registration Data"), and you agree to update your Event Registration Data to keep it accurate and complete. You agree that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may store and use the Event Registration Data you provide for use in maintaining and billing fees to your account, and may provide your Event Registration Data to the Event Sponsor of the Event registered for using the Site.  You agree to indemnify and hold Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. harmless from and against any and all claims or liability arising out of or incurred as a result of your failure to provide complete and accurate Event Registration Data to Provider.
This Site may be used for purposes of registering a child for an Event, but registration for an Event must be completed by an adult who is the legal parent or guardian of the child and who can make payment with a credit card. If you are under 18 years of age you may not use this Site without the involvement of a
parent or guardian.  Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
You agree and acknowledge that by providing Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. with the Event Registration Data, you hereby authorize the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, provided by you, to the Event Sponsor. This authorization is voluntary and you understand that since the Event Sponsor is not a health plan or health care provider the released information may no longer be protected by federal privacy laws. The individually identifiable health information may be disclosed solely to the Event Sponsor of the Event registered for using this Site. If upon the need of urgent or emergency medical attention, the health information will be provided to the appropriate medical personnel. This authorization shall expire immediately following the conclusion of the Event.
Under certain circumstances Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may accept scholarship codes authorized by a participating Event Sponsor and/or Church and approved by Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. ("Scholarship Code"). A Scholarship Code may be used solely by the individual that has been authorized to do so by a participating Event Sponsor and/or Church.  Use of someone else’s Scholarship Code or of an unapproved Scholarship Code is strictly prohibited. In the event of a violation of this paragraph you will be responsible for the full cost of attending the Event(s) and all other fees associated therewith.
RefundsHanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. will not, for any reason, refund any payment made by you for the registration for an Event.  In the event that you have registered for an Event by mistake or are unable to attend an Event you should contact the Event Sponsor concerning their refund policies.  Please refer to the cancellation policy on the website.
PrivacyHanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s Privacy Policy, click the link at the bottom of this page labeled Privacy Policy.
Links to Other SitesThis Site may contain links to other independent third-party web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s control, and Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
DisclaimersHANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. HANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. HANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANT-ABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING EVENT SPONSORS, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, AN EVENT, AND/OR ANY HANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST HANGING ROCK CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC. FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE
OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Limitation of LiabilityExcept where prohibited by law, in no event will Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, even if Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If, notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use, Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content, Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s liability shall in no event exceed the lesser of (1) the total of any price paid for an Event or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site, or (2) US$100.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., its officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site. You further agree to release Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. its officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates from any injury to you, including all claims and liability related thereto, arising from your attendance at or participation in an Event.
Violation of These Terms of UseHanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s customers. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. also may disclose your information when Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC., for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. obtaining any injunction or equitable relief that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may have at law or in equity.
You agree that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.. You agree that Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law; Dispute ResolutionYou agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Tippecanoe County, Indiana, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue.
Void Where ProhibitedHanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. administers and operates the Site from its location in West Lafayette, Indiana USA.  Although the Site is accessible worldwide, not all features or services discussed, referenced, provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside the United States. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision of any feature or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature or service made on the Site is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
MiscellaneousYou may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any service offered on the Site, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. with regard to your use of the Site, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC.’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
Feedback and InformationAny feedback you provide at this Site shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Hanging Rock Christian Assembly, INC. shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.
Close