https://hanleylaw.com/privacy-policy
Hanley Law
FB
TW
Home
About Us
Client Testimonials
About Hanley Law
Sean S. Hanley BiographySean Hanley
sean@hanleylaw.com
Michelle McCarthy Michelle McCarthy
michelle@hanleylaw.com
Practice Areas
Summary of Practice Areas
Estate Planning
Estate Planning Process and Fees
Living Trusts
Durable Power of Attorney for Finances
Advanced Healthcare Directive
Real Estate Law
Small Business Law
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Blog
Contact Us
FREE PHONE CONSULTATION
(408) 293-0344
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
This privacy policy is effective May 1, 2012.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Hanley Law no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Hanley Law, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement, and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to Third Party Websites
We have included links on the Hanley Law site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
Legal Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Hanley Law and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website, or information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Questions Regarding Policy
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Hanley Law, please contact us at info@hanleylaw.com.
Practice Areas
Estate PlanningReal Estate LawSmall Business LawAlternative Dispute Resolution
Contact Us
Name*Email*
Phone*MessageWe respect and protect your privacy.CAPTCHA
Blog Categories
Bankruptcy
Debt Relief
Estate Planning
Inheriting Property
Real Estate Law
Small Business Law
Tax Law
Trust Administration
Blog Archives
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
Awards & Affiliations
Lawyer Daniel Hanley | Lawyer Trusts
© Copyright 2020
Hanley Law
· All Rights Reserved
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
A Spectrum Site