https://happytrailsfarm.org/privacy-policy/
DONATE
ONLINE STORE
Facebook
Instagram
Log In
Privacy Policy
Happy Trails Farm Animal Sanctuary (HTFAS) understands and shares your concern regarding the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. This policy tells you how we use and maintain the privacy of personal information we collect in connection with HTFAS’s website (the site). By using the site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the site.
Information HTFAS Collects
HTFAS collects two types of information about visitors to the site: (i) personal information you provide voluntarily, and (ii) tracking data, which may be automatically collected from visitors to the site.
(i) Personal Information
There are various ways in which you may voluntarily provide personal information through our site, such as your name, postal address, and email address. You may provide this information when you are signing up to receive updates, creating a user account, making a donation, ordering merchandise, registering for an event, requesting information, providing feedback, applying for a job or internship, or responding to an action alert.  If you are purchasing something or making a donation, you may be asked to provide your credit card details. This information is collected only with your knowledge and permission.
If you contact us directly, we may keep a record of your correspondence, including any personal information you provide.
(ii) Tracking Data
Tracking data is information we may collect automatically from visitors to the site, such as their browser type, operating system, internet service provider or referring site through cookies and other means. Tracking data includes aggregate information, such as the total number of page visits or visits to the site, and the average time spent on individual pages on the site.
Basis for Processing Data
We process your personal information (meaning, we collect, record, store, use, disclose information), only when one or more of the following bases applies:
You have consented to the processing;
The processing is necessary to perform a contract/transaction;
The processing is necessary to provide services through our site;
The processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; and/or,
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of any third-party recipients that receive your personal data (as detailed below).
How HTFAS Uses Your Information
HTFAS uses information in various ways, including:
To send you updates about HTFAS campaigns, rescues, and events;
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, and provide membership services;
To provide you information about our partners;
To accept payment for, ship, and send you confirmation of your merchandise orders;
To manage and process your internship or job application;
To remember your online profile and preferences;
To personalize web and email content based on your interests and send you invitations to events in your area;
To send you administrative information such as updates to our terms; and,
To perform data analysis, and measure and improve the effectiveness of our campaigns and site.
Sharing Information
There are some circumstances in which HTFAS may share your information:
We share the personal information you provide us with our third-party service providers as necessary for the provision of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and similar services. We take reasonable measures to ensure these third parties are protecting your information.
The name and postal address you provide HTFAS becomes part of HTFAS’s mailing list.
We do not sell or rent your telephone number or email address. We may occasionally send you emails with information from reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations and commercial companies, but we do not provide those entities your email address or phone number.
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymized information and analytics that do not specifically identify you.
If you register to be a part of advocacy or other groups HTFAS runs, we may share your information with other members of the group, including on third-party platforms, and facilitate members to share information among each other.
International Transfers of Personal Information
HTFAS is based in the United States. By accessing our site and submitting your personal information, you consent to having your information stored and used in the United States as described in this policy, and you consent to having your information transferred to the United States if you are outside the United States.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data stored on your device that does not itself contain personal information. You can configure your browser to refuse cookies, although some pages may not function properly if you do so.
If you leave a comment on our site, you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies for your own convenience, so you do not have to fill in your details next time you leave a comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account, when you log in to our site we may set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. You can also choose to remain logged in by selecting “Remember Me” or “Keep Me Logged In” which generates additional cookies to save your login information and screen display choices. You can remove these cookies at any time by logging out.
HTFAS and its third-party vendors such as Google, Facebook, and other social networks, may also use cookies to provide you personalized content and targeted advertising. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to anonymously collect information about the use of our site and report website trends, without identifying individual visitors. We also use Google AdWords Remarketing and other remarketing vendors, which place cookies on web browsers in order to serve tailored ads based on your page views. These cookies do not identify you or provide access to your computer. You can manage the use of third-party cookies at www.aboutads.info/choices. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and you can manage your Google privacy settings by going to https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/.
Third-Party Websites
Articles on our site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if you visited the other website. Our site also links to third-party websites. Though we carefully choose our third-party links, we cannot be responsible for the content of third party websites you visit, or their privacy policies. Third party websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with embedded content, including tracking your interaction with embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Since we cannot control third-party sites, please read the individual privacy policies posted on the sites prior to use.
Protecting Your Information
We are committed to protecting your privacy and take reasonable steps to protect the security of your information. To protect the data you submit to us via the internet, secure forms and encryption technology are in place for transactions on our site.
Keeping Your Information
We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory or internal policy requirements, or until you request the deletion of your data.
Your Rights
You can unsubscribe from our communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any correspondence from us, or by contacting us using any of the following methods. You can update or correct your data at any time by logging into your profile or contacting us using any of the following methods. If you wish to have your name added to our do-not-share list, or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Send an email to info@happytrailsfarm.org
Send written correspondence to:
HTFAS
5623 New Milford Rd
Ravenna, OH 44266
Call 330.296.5914
If you have an account on our site, or have left comments, you can also use the above contact information to request an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Children
Our Website is a general audience website. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen except as consistent with relevant law. If you have any questions related to such collection, please contact us using the contact information above.
Notification of changes
HTFAS may amend this privacy policy at any time in its discretion and will post the amended policy on this page noting the date updates were made, and will also post a link to the policy on the HTFAS homepage, www.happytrailsfarm.org. Any changes to this privacy policy are effective when the revised privacy policy is posted. Your continued use of the site following these changes indicates your acceptance of the revised privacy policy.
Last updated April 22, 2020