https://harmreduction.org/hrc2/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Find Naloxone Find Syringes
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. To make your experience at our website more convenient, we gather information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains our practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by National Harm Reduction Coalition. This policy applies to information that we collect both online and offline.
What personal information do we collect, and how is it used?
We collect information on portions of our website visitors’ access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors, such as contact and survey information and/or Web site registrations. We keep confidential all personal information entered during registrations or completing donations. When we do collect personally identifiable information, it is always voluntarily submitted by you (e.g., when you fill out registration pages or send us feedback). The information collected is used to send our users email reminders and other information we think will be of interest. If for any reason, you would like to be removed from our email list, you can opt-out of future mailings by simply stating this desire in a reply to any email we send you. We may also monitor and track information such as customer usage patterns of our website. We compile this information into a statistical aggregate which we use, together with your personal information, for internal business and administrative purposes including improving our website, and our client service.
Where do we transfer and store information?
Harm Reduction Coalition is based in the United States, and any information transmitted to us may be stored, accessed, or processed in the United States. Residents of some other countries, including residents of the European Union, should be aware that the laws of the United States do not offer the same protections as the laws of your home country.
With whom do we share information?
We do not trade, share, or sell information that you provide to us with other organizations that intend to use it only to market their products or services to you.
We keep confidential any personal information shared by you, though we may share aggregate information about website usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any personally identifiable information, to third parties to comply with various reporting obligations and for business or marketing purposes. We may also share limited personally identifiable information with third parties on a confidential basis to enable a third party to perform certain tasks, such as maintain an email list or send email alerts and/or newsletters, on our behalf.
Our commitment to data security
To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer and are used for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to make visiting and using our website easier. Cookies can help us see which parts of our website are the most or least popular and provide us direction to improve our customer’s online experience.
Your access to data, and your choices
If you would like to access the data that we received from you or make corrections to it, you may contact us at the email or mailing addresses provided at the end of this policy.
If you registered to receive communications from us and later change your mind, you may ask that your name and contact information be removed from our distribution list. You can send such a request to the email or mailing addresses at the end of this policy.
Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you are not “tracked” online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time without notice. Please review all revisions to our policy. Your continued use of our website after the date of revision will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
If you have any further questions regarding our privacy practices, please send an email to nhrc@harmreduction.org.
This privacy policy was revised July 14, 2020.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept