https://harmreduction.org/our-work/policy-advocacy/
Skip to the content
Find Naloxone Find Syringes
What We Do > Policy & Advocacy
Shaping Policy for Harm Reduction to Thrive
Credit: Community
Community leaders around the country are advocating for policy reform at the local, state and national levels to increase access to evidence-based harm reduction strategies.
Our policy and advocacy efforts aim to eliminate the existing disparities that people who use drugs face when it comes to accessing healthcare or basic human services. We’re building power with local leaders to address racialized drug policies that put people who use drugs in harm’s way.
How We Affect Change
National Harm Reduction Coalition is a trusted voice and ally from city hall to Capitol Hill. We engage in constructive conversations with communities, legislators and public health organizations to promote harm reduction services and change the narrative about people who use drugs. Most importantly, we focus on supporting local advocates to have the tools they need to build leadership and power in their own communities. We offer:
Harm reduction resources for advocates
Support for alliance & coalition building
Policy analysis
Direct advocacy with policymakers
Strategies at the Center of Our Policy Work
Syringe Access
Overdose Prevention
Quality Healthcare
Medication for Opioid Use Disorder
Safer Consumption Sites
Supporting Intersectional Issues
Support Syringe Access in All 50 States
Access to sterile syringes is an evidence-based public health service that reduces HIV and hepatitis C infection rates by as much as 50 percent.
We’re working with community leaders and policy makers around the country to mobilize communities to ensure syringe access in all 50 states. See where your state stands.
Syringe Access Landscape Report
Credit: Holly Bradford
Data to Support Policy Change
Data exists to substantiate the effectiveness of these harm reduction strategies. If you’re advocating for policies to better support people in your community who use drugs, here are some facts to build your case.
Effectiveness of Syringe Service Programs
Evidence for community-based distribution of naloxone to people who use drugs
Expanding naloxone access through prescription
Hepatitis Data
Hep C and People Who Inject Drugs
Medication for Opioid Use Disorder Data
Advocate for Change. Join the Movement.
Subscribe for updates
Become a Harm Reduction Champion
Donate
Get involved in your community
Take Action
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept