https://harrychapinfoodbank.org/donor-privacy-policy/
Newsletter Sign Up
(239) 334-7007
Agency Login
My Gifts
Cart
Donor Privacy Policy
Home » Donor Privacy Policy
Our Donor Bill of Rights PDF can be downloaded here.
Donor Privacy Policy
It is the policy of Harry Chapin Food Bank, Inc. to keep all donor information confidential. The Food Bank does not rent, sell, or share any personal or financial information about our donors with any other entity.
HCFB is committed to respecting the privacy of donors. The types of donor information that it collects and maintains are as follows:
Contact information: name, address, telephone number, and email address
Giving information. (HCFB does not retain Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, or bank account information.)
Information on events attended, publications received, and special requests for program information, and other food bank-related information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
HCFB uses donors’ information to understand their interests in its mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. It is shared with staff, board members, volunteers, and consultants only on a “need-to-know” basis.
HCFB also assures donors that their names and addresses will not be shared with any third party unless permission has been granted by donors. For donors who do not wish to be included in a mailing list, they should contact HCFB to have their names removed.
If you have comments or questions about the Harry Chapin Food Bank’s Donor-Privacy Policy, please email giving@harrychapinfoodbank.org or call (239) 334-7007.
Website Privacy Policy
Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida (HCFB) has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at www.harrychapinfoodbank.org.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. HCFB reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the website;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida by sending an email to fighthunger@harrychapinfoodbank.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or Social Security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our website may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. HCFB will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting that person to visit the website. HCFB stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Website:
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Website:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at 239-334-7007 or at our Lee County or Collier County locations:
Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida
3760 Fowler St.
Fort Myers, FL 33901
or
Harry Chapin Food Bank
3940 Prospect Ave. #101
Naples, FL 34104
You can also send an email to: fighthunger@harrychapinfoodbank.org
About Us
Who We Are
By the Numbers
Leadership
Lead Staff
Board of Directors
Financials
Policies and Procedures
Join Our Team
Our Impact
Programs
Feeding Seniors
Feeding Children
Feeding Families
Disaster Relief
Partner Agencies
Agency Network
Agency Resources
Become an Agency
Our Food Chain
Take Action
Make a Gift
Make a Monthly Gift
Make a One-Time Gift
Other Ways to Give
Give Time / Volunteer
Give Food
Start a Fundraiser
Find Food
Make a Gift
Enter yourtext here
Login to Harry Chapin Food Bank
Login
Lost Password?
Reset Password
Enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. A password reset link will be sent to you by email.
Get new password
Already have an account?								Login