https://harveyandbattey.com/privacy-policy/
(843) 524-3109
frontdesk@harveyandbattey.com
privacy policy
YOUR PRIVACY
This website is owned and operated by the Harvey and Battey. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time. We are available to answer any questions or concerns.
OUR POLICY
Harvey and Battey use its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. Harvey and Battey only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e- mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to respond to a stated desire to help a client achieve a programming, consulting or a web site solution.
This information is used solely by the Harvey and Battey or other entities who are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes. Harvey and Battey lists are never sold to third parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) if we are required to by law. Harvey and Battey has no control over or responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third parties that process online credit card transactions.
IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
Yes. The same high grade encryption and https security protocols used for financial transactions on our site are used in collecting personal information which is never to be shared.
WE CARE ABOUT DOING IT RIGHT
In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share with us, Harvey and Battey works consciously to process your requests during business hours. Our staff is available to answer questions about your submissions or financial transactions Monday through Friday between the hours of 9:00AM and 6:30PM EST.
Harvey and Battey employs error checking procedures to make certain transactions are processed completely and accurately. As necessary, changes are made to improve our systems. And, independent external and internal audits are conducted to ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
HOW WE USE “COOKIES”
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the Harvey and Battey website through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Harvey and Battey uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
NOTE TO PARENTS ON OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Harvey and Battey welcomes children to learn more about our organization and where to appropriate information about our technologies. However, we encourage this to be done only with their parent’s knowledge and supervision. For this reason, Harvey and Battey follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us should you have any questions about the operation of the site.