https://hedgehogcage.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyContents1 Terms of Service:2 Privacy Policy:2.1 Website Visitors2.2 Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information2.3 Aggregated Statistics2.4 Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information2.5 Cookies2.6 Business Transfers2.7 Ads2.8 Privacy Policy ChangesTerms of Service:The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Hedgehogcage.net website and all
content,
services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned
and operated by Hedgehog cage ("Hedgehog cage"). The Website is
offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and
all other operating rules, policies (including, without
limitation, Hedgehog cage's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be
published from time to time on this Site by Hedgehog cage (collectively, the "Agreement").Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the
web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all
the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these
terms and conditions are considered an offer by Hedgehog cage, acceptance is expressly limited to
these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years
old.Your Hedgehogcage.net Account and Site. If you create a blog/site on the
Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully
responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with
the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner,
including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Hedgehog cage
may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise
likely to cause Hedgehog cage liability. You must immediately
notify Hedgehog cage of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches
of security. Hedgehog cage will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any
damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to
the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material
available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for
the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the
Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content
available, you represent and warrant that:the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including
but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received
permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to
any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all
things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful
or destructive content;the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not
contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or
boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as
phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or
entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on
newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another
person or company. For example, your blog's URL or name is not the name of a person other than
yourself or company other than your own; andyou have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or
described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by
Hedgehog cage or otherwise.By submitting Content to Hedgehog cage for inclusion on your Website, you
grant Hedgehog cage a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce,
modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting
your blog. If you delete Content, Hedgehog cage will use reasonable efforts to remove it
from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made
immediately unavailable.Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Hedgehog cage has the right
(though not the obligation) to, in Hedgehog cage's sole discretion (i) refuse or
remove any content that, in Hedgehog cage's reasonable opinion, violates
any Hedgehog cage policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or
deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason,
in Hedgehog cage's sole discretion. Hedgehog cage will have no
obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.Payment and Renewal.General Terms. By selecting a product or service, you agree to pay Hedgehog cage the one-time and/or
monthly or
annual subscription fees indicated (additional payment terms may be included in other
communications). Subscription payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for
an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as
indicated. Payments are not refundable.Automatic Renewal.
Unless you notify Hedgehog cage before the end of the applicable subscription period
that you want
to cancel a subscription, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect
the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such subscription (as well as any taxes)
using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Upgrades can be canceled
at any time by submitting your request to Hedgehog cage in writing.Services.Fees; Payment. By signing up for a Services account you agree to
pay Hedgehog cage
the applicable setup fees and recurring fees. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day
your services are established and in advance of using such services. Hedgehog cage
reserves the
right to change the payment terms and fees
upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to you. Services can be canceled by you at anytime on
thirty (30) days written notice
to Hedgehog cage.Support. If your service includes access to priority email support. "Email
support" means the ability to make requests for technical support assistance by email at any
time (with reasonable efforts by Hedgehog cage to respond within
one business day) concerning the use of the VIP Services.
"Priority"
means that support takes priority over support for users of the standard or
free Hedgehogcage.net
services. All support will be provided in accordance
with Hedgehog cage standard services practices,
procedures and policies.Responsibility of Website Visitors. Hedgehog cage has not reviewed, and
cannot review, all
of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for
that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Hedgehog cage does not
represent or imply
that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or
non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer
systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may
contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing
technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that
violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary
rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and
conditions, stated or unstated. Hedgehog cage disclaims any responsibility for any harm
resulting from the
use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the
material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which
Hedgehogcage.net links, and that link to Hedgehogcage.net.
Hedgehog cage does not have any control over those non-Hedgehog cage websites
and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a
non-Hedgehog cage website or webpage, Hedgehog cage does not represent or imply
that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive
content. Hedgehog cage disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of
non-Hedgehog cage websites and webpages.Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As Hedgehog cage asks others to
respect its
intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that
material located on or linked to by Hedgehogcage.net violates your copyright, you are
encouraged to notify Hedgehog cage in accordance with Hedgehog cage's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy.
Hedgehog cage will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by
removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing
material. Hedgehog cage will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under
appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other
intellectual property rights of Hedgehog cage or others. In the case of such
termination, Hedgehog cage will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts
previously paid to Hedgehog cage.Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Hedgehog cage
to you any Hedgehog cage or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and
interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely
with Hedgehog cage. Hedgehog cage, Hedgehogcage.net,
the Hedgehogcage.net logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used
in connection with Hedgehogcage.net, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks
of Hedgehog cage or Hedgehog cage's licensors. Other trademarks, service
marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use
any Hedgehog cage or third-party trademarks.Advertisements. Hedgehog cage reserves the right to display advertisements
on your blog unless you have purchased an ad-free account.Attribution. Hedgehog cage reserves the right to display attribution links
such as 'Blog at Hedgehogcage.net,' theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer
or toolbar.Partner Products. By activating a partner product (e.g. theme) from one of our partners,
you agree to that partner's terms of service. You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by
de-activating the partner product.Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously
registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the
policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their Registration
Rights and Responsibilities.Changes. Hedgehog cage reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify
or replace any
part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your
continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes
acceptance of those changes. Hedgehog cage may also, in the future, offer new services and/or
features
through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. Hedgehog cage may terminate your access to all or any part of
the Website at
any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate
this Agreement or your Hedgehogcage.net account (if you have one), you may simply
discontinue
using the
Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid services account, such account can only be
terminated by Hedgehog cage if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such
breach within
thirty (30) days
from Hedgehog cage's notice to you thereof;
provided that, Hedgehog cage can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut
down of our
service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and
limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is".
Hedgehog cage and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind,
express or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
and non-infringement. Neither Hedgehog cage nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any
warranty that the
Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that
you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and
risk.Limitation of Liability. In no event will Hedgehog cage,
or its suppliers
or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence,
strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential
damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or
loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you
to Hedgehog cage under this agreement during
the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of
action. Hedgehog cage shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond
their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the
Website will be in strict accordance with
the Hedgehog cage Privacy Policy, with this Agreement
and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in
your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and
including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States
or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property rights of any third party.Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Hedgehog cage, its
contractors,
and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and
all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but
not limited to your violation of this Agreement.Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between Hedgehog cage and
you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an
authorized executive of Hedgehog cage, or by the posting by Hedgehog cage of a
revised version. Except to
the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website
will be governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions,
and the proper
venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts
located in San Francisco County, California. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or
claims regarding
intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond),
any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS") by three
arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in
San Francisco, California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be
enforced
in any court.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and
attorneys' fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed
to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A
waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one
instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights
under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions;
Hedgehog cage may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement
will be binding
upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.Privacy Policy:Hedgehog cage ("Hedgehog cage")
operates Hedgehogcage.net and may operate other websites. It
is Hedgehog cage's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Hedgehog cage collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Hedgehog cage's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Hedgehog cage's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Hedgehog cage may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Hedgehog cage also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Hedgehogcage.net
blogs/sites. Hedgehog cage only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Hedgehog cage's websites choose to interact
with Hedgehog cage in ways that require Hedgehog cage to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Hedgehog cage gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Hedgehogcage.net to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Hedgehog cage are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Hedgehog cage collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Hedgehog cage. Hedgehog cage does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsHedgehog cage may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Hedgehog cage may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Hedgehog cage does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationHedgehog cage discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Hedgehog cage's behalf or to provide services available
at Hedgehog cage's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Hedgehog cage's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Hedgehog cage will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Hedgehog cage discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Hedgehog cage believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Hedgehog cage, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Hedgehog cage website and have supplied your email address, Hedgehog cage
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Hedgehog cage and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Hedgehog cage takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Hedgehog cage uses cookies to
help Hedgehog cage identify and track visitors, their usage of Hedgehog cage
website, and their website access preferences. Hedgehog cage visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Hedgehog cage's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Hedgehog cage's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Hedgehog cage, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Hedgehog cage goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Hedgehog cage may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Hedgehog cage and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Hedgehog cage may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Hedgehog cage's sole
discretion. Hedgehog cage encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a Hedgehogcage.net account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.hedgehog
Living World Deluxe Habitat, Large, 61858A1
Buy on AmazonRecent Posts Do hedgehogs bite? Pet Hedgehog Versus a Wild Hedgehog Buying Guidelines for Hedgehogs as Pets Preparing for a Hedgehog Pet Hedgehog Food Guide
https://hedgehogcage.net/ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.comFollow Us