https://heleneltaylor.com/terms-conditions/
Intentional Marriages. Peaceful Divorces. Purposeful Lives.
This website or its third-party tools use cookies which are necessary to its functioning and required to improve your experience. By clicking the consent button, you agree to allow the site to use, collect and/or store cookies.
Please click the consent button to view this website.
I accept
Deny cookies
Go Back
Home
About
Reviews
In the News
Blog
Schedule a Consultation
This website is made available by Helene L. Taylor. All use of this website, including all content, information and services provided on this website, is subject to the following terms of use (“Terms”), which constitutes a legally binding agreement. By accessing, browsing or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms. Helene L. Taylor may update these Terms at any time, without notice to you. Each time you access this website, you agree to be bound by the Terms then in effect. If you have any questions about these Terms, or about the content, information or services on this website, you may contact Helene L. Taylor via email at helene@heleneltaylor.com.
Please read the Agreement carefully. By accessing and using the Website, you represent and warrant that you are more than thirteen (13) years of age and that, if you are under eighteen (18) years of age, your legal guardian has agreed to be bound with you by this Agreement. Otherwise, you represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and that you have the right, authority and capacity to agree to this Agreement and to abide by all of its terms and conditions.
License
By offering this website for use, Helene L. Taylor provides you with a worldwide, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and make personal use of the information and services on this website, strictly subject to and in accordance with these Terms. Helene L. Taylor reserves the right to terminate this license at any time and for any reason. Your failure to comply with these Terms will result in automatic termination of this license without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession or control. Except for the limited license set forth in these Terms, Helene L. Taylor does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights.
Restrictions
By using this website, you agree that you shall not:
Use any of the content, information or services on this website intentionally or unintentionally, in a manner contrary to or in violation of any applicable international, national or local laws, rules or regulations having the force of law, including privacy laws;
Use this website in any manner that could harm, infect, take over, disable, overburden or otherwise impair any of Helene L. Taylor’s computer systems, including, the servers, networks and other components connected to or used for this website;
Interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of this website or any of the content, information or services provided on this website;
Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise or alter the origin of any content transmitted through the services or develop restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to from another accessible page);
Upload, post or otherwise transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
Upload, post or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any services, accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any server used for this website, through password mining, hacking or any other means;
Seek to gain access to any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available by Helene L Taylor;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy, download, sell, resell or otherwise exploit this website, or any portion hereof, for commercial purposes without Helene L. Taylor’s prior written consent;
Use any framing techniques to enclose any portion of this website (including, but not limited to, images, text, page layout and form) without Helene L. Taylor’s prior written consent;
Use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and graphics on this website without Helene L. Taylor’s prior written consent.
Use any network monitoring or discovery software to extract information about usage, individual identities or users;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website or its contents;
Harvest or collect personal information about other users of this website whether or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent;
Distribute on or through this website, any advertising, promotion or solicitation for goods, services or funds.
Any unauthorized use of the website terminates the license granted hereby.
Electronic Communications
When you visit this website and when you communicate with Helene L. Taylor electronically, for example by sending us an email or posting messages in a forum, you consent to receive communications from Helene L. Taylor electronically. Helene L. Taylor will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this website. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Helene L. Taylor provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that notices, disclosures and other communications be in writing.
Patents, Copyrights and Trademarks
All of the content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion, services, computer coding and other matters related to the Website is owned by or licensed to Helene L. Taylor and is protected by United States and international intellectual property laws. Helene L. Taylor and her licensors retain all proprietary rights to that content and technology.
Helene L. Taylor does not claim to own any of the content posted by users or contributors. Any copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights that may exist in those works are the sole and exclusive rights of the author/artist who created such work. However, by posting such material in any of the public areas of the website, you automatically represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, and have chosen to grant, a perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, perform, display and distribute such content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate said content into, other works.
Online Content: Advice, articles, blog posts, opinions, statements, profiles, offers or other information or content made available on the Website are wholly the responsibility and work of their respective author/artist and not of Helene L. Taylor. Reliance on the statements, forms laws, arguments, examples, samples, eBooks and opinions on the website is done at the user’s risk. Each respective author/artist is responsible for the content of his or her statements or other information posted on the website. Helene L. Taylor does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information available on the website and/or through any forums and neither adopts, endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy, completeness or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on the website. By using the website, forums or membership areas you affirm that you understand this and that you hold Helene L. Taylor harmless from any and all loss or damage resulting from anyone’s reliance on information or other content posted on the website, in forums, in membership areas and/or in examples, samples and eBooks on or accessed on the website.
In addition, you agree that you are solely responsible for any content that you post, email or otherwise make available through the Website and that you have the legal right to post such material.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
HELENE L. TAYLOR PROVIDES THIS WEBSITE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. HELENE L. TAYLOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, INFORMATION OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON THIS WEBSITE, OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HELENE L. TAYLOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HELENE L. TAYLOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
Privacy
Please review the Privacy Statement for a description of Helene L. Taylor’s privacy practices and an explanation of how Helene L. Taylor may use any personal information collected on this website.
Advertisers
This website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring their material submitted for inclusion on this website is accurate and complies with applicable laws. Helene L. Taylor will not be responsible for the illegality of, or any error or inaccuracy in, advertisers’ or sponsors’ materials, or for the acts or omissions of such advertisers or sponsors.
Linking to the website
You may provide links only to this website, provided (a) you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, any portion of the pages and (b) you discontinue providing links to this website if requested by Helene L. Taylor.
Registration and Account Information
Certain sections of this website may require you to register as a user or create an account. By registering or creating an account, you agree to provide accurate and complete information and to inform Helene L. Taylor of any changes to that information. Please note that Helene L. Taylor may store and process your personal information in systems located outside of your home country. Please view the Privacy Statement for more information about how Helene L. Taylor may store and use your personal information. Each registration is for a single user only, unless otherwise expressly provided on the registration page. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. In case of misuse, Helene L. Taylor may terminate further access or take such other action as Helene L. Taylor, in her sole discretion, deem appropriate. If you believe there has been unauthorized use, you must notify Helene L. Taylor immediately at hello@heleneltaylor.com or 415-968-3028.
Submission of Information
The website includes areas where users may post content and information, including personal and business information, messages, comments, data, text, photos, blogs, graphics or other materials (the “User Content”). You are solely responsible for using content and information provided by other users and you use them at your own risk.
By using the website, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the website any of the following:
User Content that is false, misleading, unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or fraudulent;
User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law or regulation;
User Content that may infringe on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. By posting any User Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content as provided under these Terms;
User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations, including without limitation any advertisements for legal services, legal service providers or lawyer referral services;
Viruses, spyware, malware, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and
User Content that, in the sole judgment of Helene L. Taylor, is objectionable or which restricts or hinders any other person from using or enjoying the website, or which may expose Helene L. Taylor or her users to any harm or liability of any type.
Helene L. Taylor takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Helene L. Taylor liable for any disclosure of information that may be privileged and confidential, mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Any use of the website in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms and may result in termination or suspension of your right to use the website. Helene L. Taylor reserves the right to restrict or remove any User Content posted or stored on the website at any time and for any reason without notice.
License of User Content to Helene L. Taylor
By uploading or submitting User Content to the website for use, you grant Helene L. Taylor a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. If you post User Content to the website, unless Helene L. Taylor indicate otherwise, you grant Helene L. Taylor and her affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content throughout the world in any media. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Content to the website and to grant the rights granted herein; (b) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
No Legal Advice or Practice of Law
The information and services on this website are not intended to and shall not be used as legal advice. You use the content, information and services on this website at your own risk. You acknowledge that under no circumstances is Helene L. Taylor, her agents, affiliates or customers, providing legal advice, financial, medical advice or representation through this website, and that nothing on this website is intended as a substitute for legal advice from an attorney, financial advice from a financial expert, medical advice from a medical doctor and tax advice from a tax attorney. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL HELENE L. TAYLOR HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY RELIANCE ON INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. SUCH RELIANCE SHALL BE SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
No Endorsements
Helene L. Taylor is not an attorney referral service. Helene L. Taylor does not endorse any particular attorney, law firm, contributor or provider of legal services. Helene L. Taylor does not make any representations about the quality of services or the qualifications of any attorney, law firm or legal provider or other guest featured on the website. Therefore, Helene L. Taylor expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that such recommendations or other User Content are correct or reliable. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL HELENE L. TAYLOR HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY RELIANCE ON INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. SUCH RELIANCE SHALL BE SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
No Attorney-Client Relationship & Confidentiality
You acknowledge that no attorney-client relationship is, or will be, formed through the use of this website, and that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality of communications occurring through this website. Legally separating, getting divorced, dissolving a domestic partnership or any other family law matter is a complicated and your decisions almost always are critical. Your decisions, choices and actions in any aspect of your life should not be predicated solely on the content of this website, the forums, eBooks and other User Content. You are advised to seek the advice of a licensed attorney to assist with your family law needs.
Attorney Professional Conduct
If you are an attorney participating in any aspect of this website, you acknowledge that the Rules or Codes of Professional Conduct (collectively, “Rules”) of the jurisdictions in which you are licensed apply to all aspects of your participation and that you will abide by such Rules. Helene L. Taylor disclaims all responsibility for your compliance with these Rules. You warrant that User Content will be used to provide general information only, and not for the provision of legal advice or the practice of law.
Third-Party Content
Third-party content, messages and services may appear on this website or may be accessible through links from this website. Helene L. Taylor is not responsible, and assumes no liability, for any mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood or obscenity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third party content appearing on or accessible from this website. You acknowledge that the information and opinions in the third party content are neither endorsed or controlled by, nor reflect the beliefs of Helene L. Taylor.
California Electronic Media Advertisement
This website is a California Electronic Media Advertisement. It is not intended to be an advertisement or solicitation outside the state of California. Helene L. Taylor is not admitted to the bar of any states other than Hawaii and California. Helene L. Taylor will not undertake the representation of any person who resides in a state where this web site fails to comply with state or local rules for marketing or advertising material.
Termination
You acknowledge and agree that Helene L. Taylor, in her sole discretion, may terminate your website access if your conduct is found to be unlawful, inconsistent with or in violation of these Terms. Helene L. Taylor shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of website access. Should you object to any terms and conditions or to any subsequent modifications thereto, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the website.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Helene L. Taylor and her officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms by you.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated in California. You agree to waive all defenses or objections to such jurisdiction and venue.
Waiver of Law
You hereby specifically waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states that, “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”
Severability of Provisions
If any provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms, or about the content, information or services on this website, you may contact Helene L. Taylor at helene(at)heleneltaylor.com.
Advice Of Independent Counsel
This document affects your legal rights. Since it is a contract between you and Helene L. Taylor, Helene L. Taylor recommends you seek independent counsel to advise you in regard to the terms of this Contract.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on March 25, 2015. Please bookmark this page and review it for changes prior to using the website.
Helene L. Taylor, California Divorce Settlement Strategist & family law mediator
How do you negotiate a separation or divorce settlement agreement and pursue a meaningful new life?  That is the question to ask yourself daily. If you want a compassionate former San Francisco, family law trial attorney to help map your quest for answers, I’m Helene L. Taylor. ~ Ready for answers? ~
CLIENT REVIEWS
"Helene understands human behavior, and has a gift for deescalating conflict. I felt safe with Helene representing me during a complicated divorce. We've been friends ever since my divorce sixteen years ago."
~Toni Wroolie, PhD, Clinical Associate Professor, Psychiatry, Stanford University Medicine
"When I realized that I was getting a divorce I knew I needed to find a guide. She’d need to be smart, soulful, kind, and know her way around the legal system like nobody’s business. I loved working with Helene because she covered all of those bases beautifully, and she made it possible for me to move through my divorce with peace of mind and confidence" ~Laurie Wagner, 27powers.org
"Helene gently challenged me to consider which outcome would be best for my daughter and I, and gave me the courage and consistency I needed to pursue it successfully. I learned so much about myself as a result. Helene's approach is compassionate and strategic. On a personal level, Helene is exceptionally positive and inspiring. I feel blessed to have received Helene's help through a challenging divorce during the pandemic." ~NC, Mother, Los Angeles Small Business Owner
search
Receive
Receive Soul-Centered Notes from Helene L. Taylor
First Name
Email Address
Are You Getting
Married
Divorced
“Helene’s answers put a smile on my face, and gave me great hope about the path I am taking.”
Latest Posts
Can a spouse withdraw $200,000 penalty-free from a retirement account under the CARES Act?
Who will make healthcare decisions for you during divorce?
California Divorce Court Closures and Coronavirus Updates
Post Categories
Post Categories
Select Category
Blog
California Child Custody and Child Support
California Family Law
Christian divorce
Collaborative Divorce
Dating
Divorce
Domestic violence
Going to Court
Lawyers
Manage
Marriage
Mediation
Method
Mind
Prenups
Property
Uncategorized
BY APPOINTMENT
Marin County California100 Shoreline Highway Mill Valley, California 94941
San Francisco, California One Market Street, California 94105
Email: hello(at)heleneltaylor.comPhone: 415-968-3028Fax: 415-329-2019
Copyright 2017. Helene L. Taylor. Terms, Conditions & Disclaimers. Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
“May those who find themselves in trackless, fearful wildernesses—the children, the aged, the unprotected—be guarded by beneficent celestials.”
“Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.”