https://heleneltaylor.com/privacy-policy/
Intentional Marriages. Peaceful Divorces. Purposeful Lives.
Home
About
Reviews
In the News
Blog
Schedule a Consultation
Updated: July 13, 2015
Helene L. Taylor (hereinafter referred to as “HLT”) respects and values your privacy.
This Privacy Policy details how HLT treats the information that is or  may be gathered about you when you use the HLT website, www.heleneltaylor.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”), post a profile on the Site or use the services offered by HLT on the Site.
By using the Site, you expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in HLT’s Terms and Conditions.
Collection of Information:
Non Personally Identifiable Information (Cookies):
HLT does not use cookies for internal recordkeeping and aggregating data about the traffic on the Site.  But third parties like Google and Copyblogger may place and read cookies on your browser or use web beacons to collect information. If you choose not to accept cookies from third parties, you may disable that option through your web browser.
Personally Identifiable Information:
When you request a consulting session, register for an event or join a forum HLT requires you provide certain personally identifiable information, which may include:
– first and last name
– phone number
– zip code
– date of birth
– email address
– other personally identifiable information
HLT does not allow children under the age of 13 on the Site, nor does HLT knowingly collect any information from any person under the age of 13.  If HLT is informed that a profile or user account is being made by a person under the age of 13, HLT will immediately remove the posting and any personally identifiable information that may have been inadvertently collected by HLT.
Your safety is important.  Please keep in mind that any information you share with anyone you meet through the Site is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Remember to be vigilant about protecting your personal information.  If you are going to meet someone that you have connected with on the Site, HLT recommends you meet in a public place.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information:
HLT will use the personally identifiable information it collects about you to contact you in response to consumer-initiated inquiries, to provide the services to you that you request, to alert you to changes in services or features, and to provide you with requested information regarding HLT and HLT’s services.  HLT may, from time to time, contact you about offers that HLT, or third parties with which HLT may partner, which we believe, in our sole discretion, may interest you.
HLT reserves the right to release current or past user information in the event of the following:
(a) HLT believes the Site is being or has been used in violation of HLT’s Terms and Conditions or to commit unlawful acts;
(b) upon receipt of a properly authorized and authenticated governmental request for information;
(c) in response to a subpoena or a court order,
(d) to comply with relevant laws;
(e) in response to an investigation of fraud regarding a specific consumer;
(f) in an effort to safeguard the person or property of a HLT employee or a third party.
(g) the disclosure of any record or communication to any third party for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time.
If you no longer wish to receive emails from HLT that you have not specifically initiated, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the applicable e-mail.  HLT processes all unsubscribe requests in a prompt fashion.
International Users:
By using the Site and providing HLT with data, you understand and agree that due to the international dimension of the Internet HLT may use the data collected in the course of our relationship as set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other communications with you, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. Also, you acknowledge that personally identifiable information and other data may be stored on servers located in the United States or other international locations. By providing us with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of such information.
SPAM:
HLT does not tolerate Unsolicited Commercial Emails (also known as “SPAM”) or other unsolicited emails to our users.  Your use of the services on the Site does not authorize you in any way to add other users of the Site to your physical or email mailing list without their express consent.  If it is brought to our attention that you are sending unsolicited emails to our users, we will immediately terminate your account and will cooperate with all legal authorities to aid in your prosecution for violations of state and federal SPAM laws.
Third Party Sites:
Users and links on the Site may direct you to a third party website.  Third party websites are not affiliated with HLT and their privacy policies may differ from HLT’s privacy policy.  HLT is in no way responsible for the privacy policies or treatment of information from third party websites and strongly encourages you to review the privacy policies of every website you visit to determine which information they collect and how the information is used or managed.
Storage of Information:
Profiles:
All information submitted as part of your forum profile is stored until you ask that your profile be removed.  We keep all information, even after a removal request is received, on our host’s server for a minimum of ninety (90) days.  After that time, information may be purged periodically however it may remain stored on HLT’s web host’s servers.
Personally Identifiable Information:
HLT makes reasonable good faith efforts to store your personally identifiable information in a secure operating environment but cannot guarantee 100% security of such information due to factors beyond our control.
Access or Questions:
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or wish to review, or revise the personally identifiable information that HLT has collected about you, you may send a written request to:
Helene L. Taylor
1870 Santa Rita Road, Suite D115
Pleasanton, California 94566
HLT may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity prior to supplying any personally identifiable information to you to prevent identity theft.
Acceptance of and Changes to this Privacy Policy:
By using the Site through any means, you agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety. HLT reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.
All Privacy Policy changes take effect immediately upon posting on the Site. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any and all changes.
Helene L. Taylor, California Divorce Settlement Strategist & family law mediator
How do you negotiate a separation or divorce settlement agreement and pursue a meaningful new life?  That is the question to ask yourself daily. If you want a compassionate former San Francisco, family law trial attorney to help map your quest for answers, I’m Helene L. Taylor. ~ Ready for answers? ~
CLIENT REVIEWS
"Helene understands human behavior, and has a gift for deescalating conflict. I felt safe with Helene representing me during a complicated divorce. We've been friends ever since my divorce sixteen years ago."
~Toni Wroolie, PhD, Clinical Associate Professor, Psychiatry, Stanford University Medicine
"When I realized that I was getting a divorce I knew I needed to find a guide. She’d need to be smart, soulful, kind, and know her way around the legal system like nobody’s business. I loved working with Helene because she covered all of those bases beautifully, and she made it possible for me to move through my divorce with peace of mind and confidence" ~Laurie Wagner, 27powers.org
"Helene gently challenged me to consider which outcome would be best for my daughter and I, and gave me the courage and consistency I needed to pursue it successfully. I learned so much about myself as a result. Helene's approach is compassionate and strategic. On a personal level, Helene is exceptionally positive and inspiring. I feel blessed to have received Helene's help through a challenging divorce during the pandemic." ~NC, Mother, Los Angeles Small Business Owner
search
Receive
Receive Soul-Centered Notes from Helene L. Taylor
First Name
Email Address
Are You Getting
Married
Divorced
“Helene’s answers put a smile on my face, and gave me great hope about the path I am taking.”
Latest Posts
Can a spouse withdraw $200,000 penalty-free from a retirement account under the CARES Act?
Who will make healthcare decisions for you during divorce?
California Divorce Court Closures and Coronavirus Updates
Post Categories
Post Categories
Select Category
Blog
California Child Custody and Child Support
California Family Law
Christian divorce
Collaborative Divorce
Dating
Divorce
Domestic violence
Going to Court
Lawyers
Manage
Marriage
Mediation
Method
Mind
Prenups
Property
Uncategorized
BY APPOINTMENT
Marin County California100 Shoreline Highway Mill Valley, California 94941
San Francisco, California One Market Street, California 94105
Email: hello(at)heleneltaylor.comPhone: 415-968-3028Fax: 415-329-2019
Copyright 2017. Helene L. Taylor. Terms, Conditions & Disclaimers. Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
“May those who find themselves in trackless, fearful wildernesses—the children, the aged, the unprotected—be guarded by beneficent celestials.”
“Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.”