https://henricocasa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
In order to provide you the best service, Henrico CASA may gather information about you via our website. The terms listed below explain how we may do this, what we will do with any potentially private data, and how you can contact us if you have any concerns.
Personally Identifiable Information We May Collect
Personally identifiable information is information that allows you to be identified as a particular person, such as your name, address, or phone number.
We collect certain types of personal information when you submit a contact form, register for an event, or sign up for a newsletter:
your name
your phone number
your email address
your physical address
Information like the above listed will not be given or sold to third parties unless we have specifically obtained your permission beforehand.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
We collect information such as the above listed in order to facilitate communication with you and to better serve our clients. We do not sell or give this information to third parties.
Henrico CASA or one of our analytics or advertising partners may send a cookie to your computer to gather statistical information. A cookie does not personally identify you. It is simply a way to know that a particular web browser was used to visit our sites, automatically send information about pages or content used to an analysis tool.
Cookies help us understand whether a particular web browser is spending much time on our sites, visiting several times per month, or other valuable statistics. If you never provide us with personally identifiable information, then your visits are anonymous, despite our use of analytics cookies.
If you do provide personally identifiable information, then potentially we could link that information to the cookie sent to your browser and gather the information corresponding to it to understand how you acted when visiting our site.
Our advertising partners could also potentially use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. no personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our sites.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Taking actions like this should not interfere with the functioning of our site, should you choose to do so. If you do encounter a problem, please let us know.
We may use your personally identifiable data to send you something you’ve requested, send you information about a specific promotion we think you might like, advertise to you using targeted advertising, such as Google Ads or Facebook Ads.
By choosing to continue using our site, you consent to the use of cookies by Henrico CASA and our analytics and advertising partners.
Storage of Personal Data
All data is stored on our server. If we experience any data breaches, all our contacts will be informed by email.
You have the right to be forgotten at any time. Please contact us at any time and we will remove any and all of your personal information from our database. Calling us is the most secure way to ensure any and/or all of your information is removed as per your request. We do not advise that you request this through email as you may be asked for proof of identity.
Consent
By submitting your information via our contact form, you consent to Henrico CASA processing your personal data for the purposes outlined. If you do not agree to our processing of your data in the manner outlined in this Policy, please do not submit any personal data to us.
Policy Changes
Any policy changes, either due to business reasons or future changes in legislation, will be posted on this page and, if substantial, may be promoted on the website or through email notification.
Accepting Our Privacy Policy Terms
By using this site you are accepting the terms of our privacy policy. If you have any questions, queries, or concerns, please contact us.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy