https://herocampaign.org/policies/
Privacy Promise and Return Policy - HERO Campaign
Privacy Promise and Return Policy - HERO Campaign
Be a HERO. Be a Designated Driver.
Take the HERO Pledge
HERO Bars & Taverns
Donate to the HERO Campaign
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Events
Video Network
Photos
News
Schools
Contact
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
»Privacy Promise and Return Policy
Privacy Promise and Return Policy
The HERO Campaign Privacy Promise and Return Policy
Our Privacy Promise to you
Whether you are a donor, a volunteer, an organization, or a community partner, our commitment to conduct business honestly and protect your privacy is at the heart of our Privacy Promise.
We respect your confidentiality
The HERO Campaign requires that your personal information be held in strict confidence. We use your information only for its intended business purpose. We do not sell or trade your information to other organizations or individuals.
We protect your information
The HERO Campaign takes every possible measure to insure that your information is not compromised in any way. No one other than The HERO Campaign staff has access to your information.
Our Privacy Promise extends online to our website. Online event registration information is transmitted via a secure server using encryption technology.
If you choose to send us email, we may retain the contents of your email message, our reply and your email address as part of our ongoing donor service efforts. We reserve the right to contact you after you have contacted us and may send future email and/or surveys to you about The HERO Campaign. You may notify us via email if you wish to discontinue electronic communication.
We keep accurate records
We keep your personal information as accurate, complete, and up to date as is required to fulfill the purpose(s) for which you provided us with your personal information. Upon request in writing we will remove your personal information from our databases, except where legislation or regulation requires our retention of it (for example, charitable giving history tied to income tax receipts.)
Return Policy:
No returns are accepted
If you have any questions about our website or our Privacy Promise or Return Policy, please contact the office at 866.700.HERO (4376) or by email at info@herocampaign.org.
Dreams Video
Be a HERO Wristbands
Buy your wristbands today to show your support for HERO Campaign.
Get Yours Now
Take the Pledge.
Get your HERO Designated Driver Membership Card, good for a free, non-alcoholic soft drink at participating HERO Bar/Taverns.
HERO Campaign Thanks Our Generous Sponsors
Designated Driver Pledge
Take the Pledge
Bars & Taverns
Register Now
Donations & Support
Support Us Today
©2019 HERO Campaign. All rights reserved.
Location
Mailing Address:
PO Box 700
Somers Point, NJ 08244
Office Address:
Stockton University
101 Vera King Farris Drive
Galloway, New Jersey 08205
Phone: 866.700.HERO (4376)
Phone: 609.626.3880
Fax: 609.626.6054
Privacy/Returns
Quick LinksAbout
News
Events
Contact
Find UsFacebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
RSS