http://hershnerhunter.com/practice-area/data-use-privacy/
Contact Us
541.686.8511
Data Security & Privacy
Overview
Regulatory
Healthcare
Intellectual Property & Technology
Labor & Employment Law
In our increasingly digitized world, data use, security, and privacy issues present new challenges for all businesses that receive, use, or store sensitive or personally identifiable information. To confront these challenges, Hershner Hunter fields a multidisciplinary team from the firm’s various practices to deploy the right resources for each client’s specific needs.
Practice Group Attorneys
View Profile
Carrie L. Hellwig ChristopherPartner
View Profile
Alexandra P. HilsherPartner
View Profile
Jeffrey D. KirtnerPartner
View Profile
Amanda M. WalkupPartner
Our Approach
A Cross-Disciplinary Team
Our attorneys understand the strategic advantage that business can gain through the use of data and we strive to help our clients achieve their business needs in a regulatory compliant manner. Our understanding of the tools, techniques, and technologies employed to collect and share information is a significant value-add to our clients who appreciate our business-minded approach and problem solving insights. We regularly counsel clients on data usage and privacy laws, including:
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Student Online Personal Information Privacy Act (SOPIPA)
Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA)
Federal Trade Commission Act (FTC Act)
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EU-US Privacy Shield
Oregon Data Breach Notification
Regulatory. Our attorneys are well-versed in guiding our clients through complex regulations. With the continued passage of data privacy laws, businesses – particularly those that operate online – face new challenges. As data collection sources proliferate, e.g. drones and wearable technologies, many companies will find themselves confronted with the challenge of managing sensitive information for the first time. We’re here to help.
Intellectual Property / Technology. Equipped with a deep understanding of data privacy principles, our attorneys are adept at helping clients navigate the sharing and transfer of collected data through licensing, sale, or other arrangements. Whether you’re launching a new website or mobile app, we’re here to offer advice on terms of use, privacy policies, social media integrations, customer portals, and ownership of ideas submitted in the form of user feedback.
Healthcare. Our health care attorneys have an in-depth understanding of HIPAA compliance and the management of electronic health records. Whether you’re a traditional medical provider or a HealthTech startup, we will help you meet the challenges you face in this highly-regulated field.
Labor and Employment. Employees often put companies at risk by faulty handling or unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information. Our labor and employment attorneys take a proactive approach that includes onsite trainings and reviewing/revising of human resources policies. We’re here to help ensure that protecting customer data is a priority for your whole organization – from top to bottom.
Education / EdTech. Our attorneys regularly advise government institutions, vendors, and other service providers with respect to student privacy and recordkeeping obligations. We also frequently counsel EdTech companies that are engaged in serving student populations and the handling of student records.