https://hesed.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to contentHome
Let’s Get Started!
Beyond Our Wildest Dreams
We Swear Allegiance
Our Hearts Aflame
Reshaping Our Wineskins
You are here: Home / PrivacyWelcome to the Hesed.com website (the “Site”). Hesed.com has created this Privacy Policy in order to set forth the principles governing our information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Site, including but not limited to such activities as the offering for sale of services and merchandise, as well as forums, chat rooms, personal profile pages, product reviews, article commentary, blogs, RSS feeds, newsletters and eCommerce, among other offerings (the “Web Site Activities”). Hesed.com has a strong commitment to the privacy of our Site’s users. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Site and not to information collected offline or to information you may provide to any third-party sites to which our Site may link, except as expressly provided herein.
Information We Collect
There are two kinds of information that Web sites can obtain about you: “Anonymous Information” and “Personally Identifiable Information.”
“Anonymous Information” consists of non-personally-identifiable data, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or domain, or information about your usage of our Site that is used for administrative purposes only. For example, an IP address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We may collect our users’ IP addresses for such purposes as to help diagnose problems with our servers and to report aggregate information to our advertisers, corporate affiliates and consultants, and to third parties that perform particular services on our behalf. We may also collect IP addresses as a security precaution when customers initiate orders through our Site, because although IP addresses themselves are non-personally identifiable, they are linked to information about you that is personally identifiable.
We may also use the information linked to IP addresses to ban users who violate our Terms and Conditions of use.
“Personally Identifiable Information” is any information that personally identifies you, such as your name, street address, email address, telephone number or credit card number. We collect such information when, for example, you subscribe to our email newsletter, participate in other interactive online activities such as forums, or order merchandise through our Site.
NOTE: DO NOT INCLUDE ANY CREDIT CARD INFORMATION IN ANY EMAIL OR LIVE CHAT COMMUNICATION. IF YOU DO, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR INFORMATION WILL REMAIN SECURE, AND WE THEREFORE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES THAT YOU MAY SUFFER AS A RESULT.
Any and all of your Personally Identifiable Information (with the exception of your credit card information, which is always kept confidential) may be used to help us maintain your account, and also to enable us and our business partners to send you announcements of new Site features, special offers and promotional material. However, if you decide that you do not wish to receive future email communications from Hesed.com, you may follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions on the communication you have received.
If you purchase a product through our Site, your email address will be used to send your order and shipping confirmations, as well as other relevant correspondence regarding your order. We may subsequently send you emails related to our products or services. If you do not want to receive product-related emails from us, you may follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions on the communication you have received or contact us through our contact form.
If you are a customer of our Site, you may change your email and postal address information by contacting us through our contact form.
We may attempt to verify personal information to detect and prevent fraudulent activity including billing address, phone number and ship-to address information submitted with an order.
FOR YOUR OWN PROTECTION, NEVER SEND CREDIT CARD INFORMATION VIA EMAIL OR LIVE CHAT. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF EMAIL TRANSMISSIONS AND THUS CANNOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES THAT YOU MAY SUFFER AS A RESULT.
In all cases, we will only use your information as permitted by law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy, however, we may disclose Personally Identifiable Information to others if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. Please note that we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Use of “Cookies”
Our Site uses “cookies” — data that is transferred from our Site to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes — to keep track of your shopping cart when you order merchandise through our Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site.
We use the following cookies and tracking pixels to deliver content specific to your interests:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track user activity in aggregate across our various websites. In addition to tracking pixels, Google Analytics serves its __utma, __utmb, __utmc, and __utmz cookies to our website visitors. You can find tools to help you opt-out of Google Analytics tracking and cookies at this url: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Disclosure of Information through Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the event that a portion or substantially all of Hesed.com’s assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
Third Party Web Sites
The Site contains links to third-party Web sites not owned or controlled by Hesed.com. Hesed.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party Web sites. Inclusion of any linked Web site on our Site does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these Web sites. Even if an affiliation exists between Hesed.com and a third-party Web site, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. If you visit a Web site via a link from our Site, we encourage you to consult that Web site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information, and whenever interacting with any such Web site.
Public Forums
Our Site may make chat rooms, forums, blogs, article commenting, and personal profile pages available to users. Please remember that any such information that you may choose to provide in these areas becomes accessible to the public, and also becomes the property of Hesed.com in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, and we may use such information in any way that we see fit. Consequently, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information or to upload material of any kind onto our Site.
Security
Our Site has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that your email and live chat communications, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may potentially be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email or live chat to communicate information to us that you consider confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, Hesed.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through our Site. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived.
Policy Regarding Minors
Children should always ask parents before providing any personal information online. No information should be submitted to or posted on any Site by any minor (a person under 18 years of age) without the consent of a parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, we do not knowingly provide any Personally Identifiable Information about minors, regardless of its source, nor is this information knowingly used by Hesed.com for any marketing or promotional purposes.
Hesed.com abides by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. In the event that we learn that we have collected information from any child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as reasonably possible. If you believe that our Site has collected any information about anyone under 13, please contact Hesed.com’s Site Administrator through our contact form.
Limitation of Liability
HESED.COM PROVIDES THE INFORMATION, SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ON THIS WEB SITE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. YOU AGREE THAT HESED.COM
SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT FOUND ON OUR FORUMS, THAT YOUR USE OF ANY OF OUR FORUMS, THAT ANY DOWNLOADING OF MATERIALS FOUND ON OR THROUGH THE HESED.COM FORUMS IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND THAT HESED.COM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR UNSOLICITED COMMUNICATIONS THAT ARISE FROM YOUR POSTINGS ON OUR SITE. HESED.COM SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE IN ANY MANNER FOR THE ACTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING WITOUT LIMITATION, ANY THIRD PARTY AD NETWORK.
Consent and Modifications to this Privacy Statement
The Site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. By using our Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement, please do not disclose any personal information through our Site. Hesed.com may modify this Privacy Statement at any time, at its discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on this the applicable Site. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Statement periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.
Contacting Hesed.com
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of our Site, or your dealings with this Site, you may contact us through our contact form.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 23, 2019.
TweetSharePinShareReader InteractionsHome
What Is Hesed?
Who Are We?
Be Part of Our Content Team
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
What Does It Mean to Join a Missionary Team?
There are four basic ways to join a missionary team and participate in God's story of restoring the nations to Himself:
GO: You can physically join a missionary team "on the ground" in their geographical area of service. This can be in the form of a short-term trip (1-4 weeks), a longer stay (1-3 years), or a career commitment.
PRAY: You can subscribe to the missionary team's email or print newsletter, follow them in social media channels, join their private Facebook group, etc. and commit to praying for them and the needs they share on a regular basis.
GIVE: You can financially support the missionary team or their organization (either through cash gifts and/or monthly commitments).
SUPPORT: You can provide logistical support to the missionary team in the form of administrative help, website development, social media channel maintenance, newsletter processing, and a host of other tasks and projects - anything that will allow the missionary team to devote more time to their primary calling.
Join Our Tribe
We invite you to become a part of the Hesed.com community and join us in our passion to reach the unreached.
First Name
Hang Out With Us
Affiliate Disclosure
Please Note: As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases.
Pray for the Tsukuba Express Church Planting Team
Please pray for the areas surrounding these twenty rail stations: Akihabara, Shin-Okachimachi, Asakusa, Minami-Senju, Kita-Senju, Aoi, Rokucho, Yashio, Misato-chuo, Minami-Nagareyama, Nagareyama-centralpark, Nagareyama-otakanomori, Kashiwanoha-campus, Kashiwa-Tanaka, Moriya, Miraidaira, Midorino, Bampaku-kinenkoen, Kenkyu-gakuen, and Tsukuba
Pray that God would raise up church planters and send forth laborers into the harvest fields surrounding these stations (Luke 10:2-4).
Pray that God would help these church planters identify persons of peace in the areas surrounding these stations (Luke 10:5-8).
Pray that God would enable these church planters to speak the word of God with boldness in these areas (Luke 10:9b).
Pray that the proclamation of God’s word in the areas surrounding these stations would be accompanied by demonstrations of God’s compassion and power (Luke 10:9a).
CLOSE