https://hewlett.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content Skip to footer
Privacy Policy
The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation (the “Foundation,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) collects information from and about you through www.hewlett.org (the “Site”); through any email and communications with you; through your submission of information to us in connection with grant applications, grants (collectively the “Programs”) and any related communications; and other sources (all of the above, collectively, the “Activities”). The Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of those who visit the Site and interact with us including in connection with Activities.  This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) contains details about how the Foundation collects, uses, and shares with third parties Personal Data (defined below) that we obtain from and about you when interacting with the Foundation and in connection with the Activities.  Please read this Statement carefully.
Generally, we collect information about you when you visit the Site in order to process grant applications and provide secure and personalized services.
Applicability: This Statement covers the Activities identified above as well as information that you may provide us by other means or related to other Foundation offerings or activities.  This Statement does not address or apply to third-party websites or online services, including those that we link to and third party websites or services that the Foundation co-brands.  We do not control them or their privacy practices and data collection policies, and they may have their own privacy statements, which you should consult.  This Statement does not apply to job applicants or Foundation employees.
Whenever you interact with the Foundation or Activities on behalf of another individual or entity, such as by providing or accessing Personal Data about another individual, you represent that you have the authority to do so.  You shall have sole responsibility for any violation of privacy laws as a result of a failure to obtain any necessary consent from such individual/entity.
Changes: The Foundation may update this Statement from time to time.  The current Statement will be posted at the bottom of the Site and will be effective when posted.  Please check this Statement periodically for updates.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personal Data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Sources of Personal Data:
We collect information about you and how you use the Site, Activities and otherwise interact with the Foundation in several ways, including:
Information you provide to us directly. We collect the information you provide to us directly, such as when providing information through our contact form, via email or signing up for our e-mail newsletter.
Information collected or inferred from your use of the Activities. We collect information about the Activities and the Site and how you use them, such as information collected automatically when you visit or use our Site (e.g., through the use of cookies), or otherwise interact with the Foundation in connection with the Programs.
Information collected about you from third party sources. We collect information about the Site and how visitors use it, such as information provided by third party analytics providers, which we use to track web site visitors’ activity on the Site.
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Privacy Statement, including third party sources, with Personal Data and use or disclose it for the purposes identified below.
Information We Collect:
The types of information that the Foundation collects about you include:
Contact information, such as your first name, last name, e-mail address, phone number, address, and social media identifiers (e.g., Twitter handle, Instagram name, etc.).
Demographic information, such as your age and gender.
Technical information gathered when you interact with the Site, such as your IP address, browser information, geographic location, device type, duration of browsing session, and how you arrived at the Site.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browsing history and information regarding your interactions with and use of the Site.
Employment information, such as your job title, organization, and classification of employment (e.g., government).
Grant Information, such as your grant program/topic interests and geography interests.
Inferences drawn from any of the information we collect to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We may use your information in a number of ways, including:
To provide the Activities, such as to register your application for a grant; receive and review your application for a grant; process your grant application; provide grant-related services and request grant-related information from you; send you a newsletter; support the Programs or other Activities; address any issues related to the Site or the Activities; communicate with you about the Activities; communicate with you about the Foundation, Site or Activities, diagnose, repair and track quality and service issues with the Site; install and configure changes to the Site or Activities; make revisions or updates to the Activities; verify your eligibility for certain grants and related Programs; receive reports from you related to grants; or to respond to your requests, complaints, and inquiries.
For our own internal purposes, such as to evaluate or audit the usage and performance and safety of our Site; evaluate and improve the quality of our Site and Activities and design new ones; operate the Site and customize the content; conduct internal research; display or evaluate the effectiveness of our grant-making activities; or maintain internal Foundation records.
For legal, safety or security reasons, such as to comply with legal requirements; protect the safety, property or rights of the Foundation, grant applications, grantees, Program participants, or others; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
In an anonymous or aggregated format.  We may also use your information in an anonymized or aggregate manner for any purpose.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
We may share your Personal Data with other entities, including the categories of recipients described below:
Third party service providers: We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers working on behalf of the Foundation in order to process and manage grant applications and grants (and/or the Activities), your requests or to support our relationship with you, such as IT providers, analytics companies, and marketing providers (e.g., web agencies and creative agencies for digital advertising campaigns). (As used in this Statement, the terms “marketing”, “advertising”, and “offerings” communicate commonly-understood privacy law concepts and should not be interpreted as describing any commercial activity by the Foundation.)
For legal, security and safety purposes: We may share your Personal Data with third parties such as law enforcement or other government agencies to comply with law or legal requirements; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; and to protect our rights and the property or safety of the Foundation, our Site visitors, or third parties. We may also share Personal Data to investigate any whistleblower complaints, as detailed in the Foundation’s Whistleblower Policy.
Your employer or coworkers: If you interact with the Foundation in connection with your employment (e.g., you work for a grant recipient), your employer, coworkers, or other individuals designated by your employer may view any Personal Data that we collect in connection with your participation in Programs or use of or interaction with the Site. This paragraph does not apply to Foundation employees.
Grant-Making Activity Trusted Partners: If we participate in grant-making activities with trusted third parties, we may share your Personal Data with that entity.
We may also share Personal Data that has been anonymized or aggregated with third parties for any purpose.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
The Site also collects information, via cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags or other tracking technologies, such as your Internet Service Provider and IP address, the date and time you access the Site, the pages you have accessed while visiting the Site, and the Internet address from which you accessed the Site.  Some cookies exist only during a single session and some are persistent over multiple sessions over time.  We may use these technologies to remember visitor preferences, maximize the performance of our Site, provide you with offers that may be of interest to you, measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns and to personalize online content.  These cookies and other technologies may be used to track individuals across different devices.
To provide you with a more relevant and interesting experience, the Foundation may work with third party companies to display ads or customize the content on the Site.  These companies may use cookies and similar tracking technologies as described above to gather information about your visits to the Site, as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet.  These companies use this information to provide you with more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising.
Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences. Most of these features, when turned on, send signals to the website you are visiting that you do not wish to have information about your online searching and browsing activities collected and used.  As there is not yet a common agreement about how to interpret DNT signals, we do not honor DNT signals from website browsers at this time.  However, you may refuse or delete cookies.  If you refuse or delete cookies, some of our Site functionality may be impaired.  If you change computers, devices, or browsers, or use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, and delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer, device, or browser.  Please refer to your browser’s Help instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of other tracking technologies.
Data Security and Retention
While the Foundation takes the issue of protecting your Personal Data seriously, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit through the Services.  The Foundation cannot guarantee that information sent over the Internet, including via email, is fully secure, and therefore, the transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches the Foundation.  If you are concerned about sending information to the Foundation over the Internet, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements.  The Foundation is not responsible for the security of information sent over the Internet.
Children’s Privacy
The Site and our Programs is intended for individuals 18 years of age and older.  The Site and our Programs are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, children under 18 years of age.  The Foundation does not knowingly collect any information, including Personal Data, from children under 18 years of age.  If you believe that we have inadvertently collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 18, please contact us at the address below, and we will take immediate steps to delete the information.
External Links
The Site may contain links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third party advertisements or sponsor information, that are not controlled by the Foundation.  The Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third party services.  You should consult the privacy statements of those third party services for details.
Terms of Use
The Terms and Conditions of the site are incorporated by reference into this Statement, and can be found at: https://hewlett.org/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Contact Info/Your Choices
If you have questions regarding this Statement, please contact the Foundation at:
EMAIL: Pooja Raval, praval@hewlett.org
PHONE: 650-234-4500
MAIL: Legal Department, 2121 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025
To opt-out of receiving promotional email messages from us, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained at the bottom of each email or by contacting us using the information above.
This Statement was last updated on December 13, 2019.
Search Our Grantmaking
By Program
Education
Environment
Global Development and Population
Performing Arts
U.S. Democracy
Cyber
Economy and Society
Effective Philanthropy
SF Bay Area
Special Projects
By Keyword
Search Keyword
Search Year
Year
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
Search Program
Program
Economy and Society
Education
Performing Arts
Environment
Effective Philanthropy
Global Development and Population
SF Bay Area
Cyber
Special Projects
U.S. Democracy
Search Grants