https://highgatecemetery.org/privacy
Highgate Cemetery
Visit
Events
Burials
About
News
Help us
Renewal
Privacy notice
Updated 21 May 2018
Who we are
‘Highgate Cemetery’ or ‘we’ refers to the group of Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Highgate Cemetery Limited. Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust is the data controller of your personal information.
Data controller
Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust
Swain’s Lane
LONDON N6 6PJ
Company number 3157806
Charity number 1058392
Data Protection Register number ZA110410
Subsidiary
Highgate Cemetery Limited
Swain’s Lane
LONDON N6 6PJ
Company number 01725719
What information we collect about you
We collect the personal information you may provide as part of membership or donation forms, buying a grave, online purchases, visitor surveys or when you sign up to receive emails from us.
Personal information we collect may include:
your name, title, gender and date of birth;
postal address, email address and phone numbers;
family and spouse/partner details, relationships to other donors and/or members;
current interests and activities.
We will also collect and hold information about contact you have with us as a visitor, customer, member or supporter of Highgate Cemetery. This may consist of details of:
ticket purchase and event registration / attendance;
purchases;
contact preferences;
gift information, including bank details where applicable;
Gift Aid status;
details of correspondence sent to you, or received from you;
employment information and professional activities;
where relevant, selected media coverage;
any other information provided by yourself at the request of Highgate Cemetery.
When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data, by directing you to this notice.
We also collect information when you visit our website. We use cookies to help make the experience of using our website better and to personalise the service you receive from us – this means we will remember your previous visits and track the pages on our website that you visit. For more information please see our Cookie Policy (below).
What we do with your information
The information we hold on you may be used in a number of ways. Here are the main ones:
to provide a product or service you have requested
to offer you a personalized experience
to understand our visitors’ needs better
to inform you of events or updates you’ve asked for
to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information (e.g. tour changes).
Specifically, we use your information we collect in the following ways:
To carry out our business and to provide a service or carry out a contract with you:
to fulfil grave, burial, monument, ticket and merchandise sales as well as donation and membership requests.
to process payments. Highgate Cemetery does not store any payment card information.
to provide the best possible customer services and to help us with internal administration.
to contact you with important information relating to your purchase or booking, such as confirming your order, reminding you of an event or tour you’ve booked for or letting you know about weather or site works that may affect your visit.
Where we have your consent:
to send you updates via email about what’s on, offers and news or about supporting us.
Where we have justifiable reason (including legal obligation and legitimate interest):
to comply with legal requirements, such as the Companies Act. Members of the Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust are members of the limited company. The Companies Act  specifies the circumstances when we may be obliged to disclose personal data.
to learn about your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information that is relevant to you.
to help us target our marketing communications so that they are more relevant to you.
to keep our database accurate and relevant, for example, using National Change of Address.
to use CCTV recording equipment in and around our premises for monitoring and security purposes.
to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
How we may update your information
We may need to review your information to ensure your data is as accurate as possible, for example, if mail is returned to us marked ‘gone away’. We may consult alternative sources in order undertake these checks, such as:
Royal Mail National Change of Address database (NCOA);
BT Operator Services Information System (OSIS) or other telephone directories;
information that you have made publicly available via social media;
Newspaper articles, publications and company websites;
Companies House and other company information databases;
Charity Commission and Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator (OSCR) registers;
Any other publicly available sources.
You can opt-out of your data being used in this way by contacting using the details at the bottom of this page.
Who might we share your information with
We do not disclose personal data to any third parties or external organisations, other than data processors carrying out work on our behalf. Examples of such data processors would be mailing houses for our newsletter or bulk email distribution services, and IT suppliers for payment processing, membership or ticketing purposes.
Any such companies act as approved data processors for Highgate Cemetery, and we retain full responsibility for your personal data. Data processors will act only on our instructions. They will not use your data for anything other than the clearly defined purpose relating to the service that they are providing.
Highgate Cemetery may need to transfer the personal information you provide to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). By way of example, this may be to organizations such as MailChimp, Facebook, Google or Wordfly, or if any of the computer servers used to host our website are located in a country outside of the EEA. If Highgate Cemetery transfers your personal information outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this privacy notice. The USA has weaker data protection laws than that of the EEA and therefore we will ensure that only organisations who are a part of the EU privacy shield initiative will handle your personal information. More details on this certification can be found at www.privacyshield.gov/welcome.
We will also share your data where required to do so (for example, by a court order), or when requested by the police or a regulatory or government authority investigating illegal activities.
Your data will never be sold or passed to any third party for any other purpose.
How we keep your information secure
We have implemented security procedures, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access;
improper use or disclosure;
unauthorised modification.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’, customers’ and supporters’ personal data.
Despite all our precautions, no data transmission over the internet is completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information which you disclose to us. You share any data at your own risk.
How long we keep your information
We will keep your information only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice and to fulfil our legal obligations. We will not keep more information than we need. The retention period will vary according to the purpose, for example if purchasing a ticket, we will typically keep your data for up to six years from the end of the financial year in which the transaction was made, whereas if you have pledged a legacy to us, we will hold your details until notified by your executors. Burial and grave ownership data is kept permanently for historical interest. For further information about how long we will keep your information, please contact the Data Protection Manager, the Chief Executive of Highgate Cemetery, using the contact details outlined in this notice.
If you ask us to stop sending direct marketing communications to you, we will keep the minimum amount of information (e.g. name, address or email address) to ensure we adhere with such requests.
How to access or correct your information
You should find it easy to access and amend the personal information that we hold on you, or request that we stop contacting you. It is your data and we want to make sure you feel in control of it.
You can contact us by phoning, emailing, or writing using our contact details below.
Every promotional email we send to you will include details on how to change your communications preferences or unsubscribe from future communications.
You can ask us if we are keeping any personal data about you and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data – this is called a Subject Access Request. To make a Subject Access Request you will need to provide proof of identity such as a copy of your passport, birth certificate or driving licence before your request can be processed. It helps if you can be as clear as possible about the information you are seeking.
Subject Access Requests or data corrections should be sent to:
Data Protection
Highgate Cemetery
Swain’s Lane
LONDON N6 6PJ
Email info@highgatecemetery.org
Telephone 020 8340 1834
It is important to us that the personal data we hold is accurate and, taking into account the purpose for which we are processing your personal data, complete. Please contact us to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified or any incomplete personal data completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
How to complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, The Information Commissioner’s Office – www.ico.org.uk. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
You can find further information on data protection at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
Changes to this privacy notice
This notice may be updated from time to time to take into account changes at Highgate Cemetery or to reflect changes to regulation or legislation. Updates to this policy will be posted on this page. The date of the most recent revision is at the top of this page.
Cookies and personal data
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site; they can facilitate communication and interaction with the site; they allow site owners to track visitor activity. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences. Cookies are used to track visitors to our site.
All personal data is collected and stored in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We collect statistical data, for example the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the web site from which you linked, your server address and date and time of visit, and any search terms used.
This data will be used for:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data is collected from all web users. Web access logs are used for statistical purposes only (eg to measure the use/performance of the site) except in the event of a security breach when they could be used for the purpose of tracing the breach.
Any personal information that you provide to us will only be used for the purpose stated at the time we request it. This information will not be disclosed to a third party except where authorised by you or as otherwise permitted by the Data Protection Act.
Website
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only.  It does not constitute legal or other professional advice. You should satisfy yourself of its applicability to your particular circumstances. The information is provided by Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under our control. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However,we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Our website could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. If you spot anything, please let us know.
Copyright notice
This website and its content is copyright of Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Opening times
East Cemetery
Friday December 11:			Timed entry - book now
Friday December 11:			Grave owners 1pm to 4pm
Saturday December 12:			Timed entry - book now
Saturday December 12:			Grave owners 10am to 4pm
More dates...
The East Cemetery is where Karl Marx is buried. Visitors may roam freely on this side, but there is an entrance charge.
Admission is by timed ticket which you can only purchase here. Tickets are not sold at the Cemetery.  If you are planning to visit both sides please buy a West Cemetery ticket as access to the East Cemetery is included in the price.
West Cemetery
Friday December 11:			Grave owners 1pm to 4pm
Friday December 11:			Guided tours today
Saturday December 12:			Timed entry - book now
Saturday December 12:			Grave owners 10am to 4pm
More dates...
Admission to the West Cemetery is normally by guided tour only, but we're trialling open access to cope with social distancing. Admission is by timed ticket. For further information and to book, see Visit > West Cemetery
Please remember to allow sufficient time to visit the East Cemetery (which is included in the price) if your tour is late in the day.
How to get
here
Please visit us by
walking, cycling, or public transport
Our address is Highgate Cemetery, Swain’s Lane, London N6 6PJ. Download our handy map
Plan how to get here at www.tfl.gov.uk or citymapper.com/london. Public transport may be affected by engineering works and station closures. Please check your journey in advance.
There is a bicycle rack outside the West Cemetery gates.If that's full, there are other racks further down the hill.
Parking
As there is no off-street visitor parking, we encourage you to leave your car at home if possible. Parking restrictions are in place on the surrounding streets between 10am and 12 noon Monday to Friday. After those times and at weekends, on-street parking is free. We do keep a small number of parking spaces for grave owners.
Contact us
Email info@highgatecemetery.org
To find out whether someone is buried here, go to Searches
Telephone enquiries
Monday to Friday
General enquiries 020 8340 1834
Burials, memorials, grave ownership 020 8347 2471
Filming or photography requests 020 8347 2472
Group visits 020 8347 2475
Volunteering 020 8347 2474
You should know...
The cemetery can get muddy underfoot, so do wear sensible shoes.
Photography
Still photography of graves is allowed for personal use only. We don't allow the cemetery to be used as a backdrop for unrelated subjects such as fashion shoots. No video. You can use a tripod, but not on tours.
Animals
No animals are permitted with the exception of assistance dogs.
Accessibility
Visitors to the West cemetery should be aware that the paths are steep, and the tour route also includes two flights of stairs. The East cemetery is on a gentler slope with no steps and predominantly tarmac paths and is more easily wheelchair accessible. A small amount of disabled parking is available outside the cemetery’s entrance on Swain’s Lane. There is a disabled toilet in the West Cemetery. For further information, please contact the office in advance of your visit.
More rules
You can download a full set of our rules here.
© 2020 Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust. Registered Charity No. 1058392. Company Limited by Guarantee. Registered in England No. 3157806. Registered office Swain’s Lane, London N6 6PJ
Top of page
Covid - We’re good to go!
Privacy notice
Website by MID