https://hippocratesinst.org/privacy-policy/
Search for content or products
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Update: September 1, 2018
Hippocrates Health Institute is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Hippocrates Health Institute Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hippocrates Health Institute website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Please review this document carefully.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hippocrates Health Institute collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Hippocrates Health Institute also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Hippocrates Health Institute. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Hippocrates Health Institute for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Hippocrates Health Institute public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Hippocrates Health Institute does not read any of your private online communications.
Hippocrates Health Institute encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Hippocrates Health Institute so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Hippocrates Health Institute is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Hippocrates Health Institute and Hippocrates Health Institute family of Web sites.
Use of Cookies
The Hippocrates Health Institute Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hippocrates Health Institute pages, or register with Hippocrates Health Institute site or services, a cookie helps Hippocrates Health Institute to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hippocrates Health Institute Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hippocrates Health Institute features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hippocrates Health Institute services or Web sites you visit.
Collecting Non-personal and Personal Information
We may also use other standard web-based technologies to analyze your movements while accessing our Site. The technologies include web “beacons,” “pixel tags,” and “clear gifs.” These technologies help us ascertain the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, allow us to customize the services offered on our Site, and help determine the best use for content and programming. Some of this information, including the IP address that we obtain from your browser, is stored on server logs and may be available for extended periods of time. Tracking technologies may be used to monitor your interactions with the advertisements while on the Site. The technology will allow HIPPOCRATES or its business partners to provide targeted advertising and evaluate the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
Use of your Personal Information
Hippocrates Health Institute collects and uses your personal information to operate the Hippocrates Health Institute Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Hippocrates Health Institute also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hippocrates Health Institute and its affiliates. Hippocrates Health Institute may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Hippocrates Health Institute does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Hippocrates Health Institute may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Hippocrates Health Institute may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hippocrates Health Institute, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Hippocrates Health Institute does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Hippocrates Health Institute keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Hippocrates Health Institute, in order to determine what Hippocrates Health Institute services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hippocrates Health Institute to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hippocrates Health Institute or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hippocrates Health Institute; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hippocrates Health Institute, or the public.
Hippocrates Health Institute uses Personal Information to conduct business, to provide you with customer support, to perform functions that are described to you at the time of collection, and to enforce our terms and conditions, including, without limitation, the applicable use and service agreement(s) between you and Hippocrates Health Institute. We may use Personal Information to provide you with information about the products and services that interest you, analyze customer demographics and industry statistics, improve your Site experience, update account records, comply with all reporting and other legal requirements, and provide to our third-party service providers, such as advertisers and advertising networks with feedback information. Hippocrates Health Institute may use your Personal Information to contact you via mail or email, or telephone or mobile devices in order to give you updates about Hippocrates Health Institute or other third parties’ product and service offerings, and promotional events that may be of interest to you.
Security of your Personal Information
Hippocrates Health Institute secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hippocrates Health Institute secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Our Uses and Disclosures
Hippocrates Health Institute may use and share your information as we:
Treat you
Run our organization
Bill for your services
Help with public health and safety issues
Do research
Comply with the law
Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions
A Word about Federal and State Law
Federal and state laws require Hippocrates Health Institute to protect your medical information and federal law requires us to describe to you how we handle that information. When federal and state privacy laws are different and conflict, and the state law is more protective of your information or provides you with greater access to your information, then we will follow state law.
To treat you
We can use your health information and share it with other professionals who are treating you.
Example: A doctor treating you for an injury asks another doctor about your overall health condition.
To run our organization
We can use and share your health information to run our institute, improve your care, and contact you when necessary. All of our locations work closely together to improve operations across the Hippocrates Health Institute and we may use health information for those activities. We may also share health information with another health care provider who has treated you, or to your insurance company. This may be done when the information is needed for health care operations of the health care provider or the insurance company, such as quality improvement activities, education, evaluations of health care professionals, and state and federal regulatory reviews.
Example: We use health information about you to manage your treatment and services.
Additional Applicable State Law Requirements
Florida law generally requires patient consent for disclosures of health information to other providers for health care operations purposes.
To bill for your services
We can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities.
Example: We give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your services.
Additional Applicable State Law Requirements
Florida law generally requires patient consent for disclosures of health information to payers for payment purposes.
How else can Hippocrates Health Institute use or share your health information?
We are allowed or required to share your information in other ways—usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information, you can go to this online link: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html
To help with public health and safety issues
We can share health information about you for certain situations such as:
Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting adverse reactions to medications
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety
To do research
We can use or share your information for health research.
Additional Applicable State Law Requirements
Florida law generally requires patient consent for disclosures of identifiable health information to outside researchers for medical research purposes.
To comply with the law
We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it requests to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.
To work with a medical examiner or funeral director
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies.
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
Hippocrates Health Institute can use or share health information about you:
For workers’ compensation claims
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services
Additional Applicable State Law Requirements
Florida law generally requires patient consent for disclosures of health information for national security purposes, unless the disclosure is specifically required by federal law.
To respond to lawsuits and legal actions
We can share health information about you in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena.
Your Rights
The following is a brief summary of your rights. A more detailed description of each right is also included in this document.
Get a copy of your paper health record
Request correction of your paper or health record
Request confidential communication
Ask us to limit the information we share
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared your information
Get a copy of this privacy notice
Choose someone to act for you
File a complaint if you believe your privacy rights have been violated
When it comes to your health information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of Hippocrates Health Institute's responsibilities to help you.
Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. If you would like, we also can send this information in either paper or electronic form to another person you identify in your request. For more information about requesting your medical records, ask us for the location where you receive your care, then explore the release of information options by contacting us at in writing at Hippocrates Health Institute, 1466 Hippocrates Wat, West Palm Beach FL 33411; Attention: Medical Records Request
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
Ask Hippocrates Health Institute to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete.
We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.
Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.
We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests
Ask Hippocrates Health Institute to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or Hippocrates Health Institute’s operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would be harmful or compromise your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.
Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. Hippocrates Health Institute will provide you with a paper copy promptly.
Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us.
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Your Choices
You have some choices in the way that Hippocrates Health Institute uses and shares information as we:
Tell family and friends about your condition
Provide disaster relief
Provide mental health care
Market our services
Raise funds
If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.
In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:
Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care
Share information in a disaster relief situation
If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example, if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.
Hippocrates Health Institute does not sell or rent our patients’ names or addresses to any organization outside of Hippocrates Health Institute.
In the case of fundraising, Hippocrates Health Institute may contact you for fundraising efforts, but you can tell us not to contact you again.
Florida law generally requires your consent to contact you for purposes of providing information regarding treatment alternatives, services, or goods.
Hippocrates Health Institute’s Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html
Changes to the Terms of this Notice
Hippocrates Health Institute can and will occasionally change the terms of this notice to reflect company and customer feedback. The changes will apply to all the information we have about you. Hippocrates Health Institute encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hippocrates Health Institute is protecting your information.
The new notice will be available upon request, in our office, and on our web site at http://www.HippocratesInst.org
Other Particularly Sensitive Conditions
Certain other types of health information may have additional protection under state law. For example, health information about mental health, HIV/AIDS and genetic testing results is treated differently than other types of health information under certain state laws. To the extent applicable, Hippocrates Health Institute would need to get your written permission before disclosing these categories of information to others in many circumstances.
Effective Date
The Effective Date of this Notice is September 1, 2018.
Discrimination is Against the Law
Hippocrates Health Institute complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Hippocrates Health Institute does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Hippocrates Health Institute:
Occasionally provides Information written in other languages. We aim to work with groups and services that provide assistance to the best of our abilities.
If you need these services, please contact the main office. If you believe that Hippocrates Health Institute has discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex, you can file a grievance with us.
You can file a grievance in person or by mail. If you need help filing a grievance, Hippocrates Health Institute is available to help you.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights, electronically through the Office of Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf or by mail or phone at: US Department of Health & Human Services, 200 Independence Avenue S.W., Room 509F, HHH Building, Washington, DC 20201, 1-800-368-1019. Complaint files are available at http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html
Contact Information
Hippocrates Health Institute welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hippocrates Health Institute has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hippocrates Health Institute at register@hippocratesinst.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Hippocrates Health Institute 501 C3
A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free within the state 1-800-HELP-FLA Registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state.