https://hippocratesinst.org/legal-policy/
Search for content or products
Home
Legal Policy
Legal Policy
Updated Septemer 1, 2018
Welcome to the Hippocrates Health Institute Web Sites. By using the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS LEGAL NOTICES (explained below), CONDITIONS OF USE, PRIVACY POLICY and all disclaimers and terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites.
References to Hippocrates Health Institute herein refer to Hippocrates Health Institute, Inc., LifeGive or their affiliates, subsidiaries and designees as deemed appropriate by Hippocrates Health Institute. Hippocrates Health Institute reserves the right to make changes to its Legal Notices and Conditions of Use at any time. Each time you use the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites, you should visit and review the then current Legal Notices and Conditions of Use that apply to your use of this site and any transactions made while on the site. If you are dissatisfied with, its content or Legal Notices and Conditions of Use, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites.
Tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Right to Download
You may only download Content displayed on the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites for non-commercial, personal use provided you also retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained in the material, do not modify or alter the material and do not copy or post the material on any network computer or broadcast the material in any media. It is strictly prohibited to modify, transmit, distribute, reuse, repost, "frame" or use the content of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites including the text, images, audio and/or video for public or commercial purposes without written permission from an authorized representative of Hippocrates Health Institute. It is strictly prohibited to download the images of the products for sale within this site without written contract with Hippocrates Health Institute, Inc.
Proprietary Rights
All content included on or comprising the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively "Content") is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or developed in the future. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. and international copyright laws, and Hippocrates Health Institute owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of all content.
Except as expressly authorized or licensed, you may not copy, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part.
One or more patents are pending that apply to this site.
The Hippocrates Health Institute, Organics, and LifeGive logos and other trademarks on the site are the property of their respective owners and are owned by, licensed to, or, where required, used with permission by Hippocrates Health Institute and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express, written approval of the trademark owner.
By using the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites, you agree that any information (except for purchase information), materials, suggestions, ideas or comments you send to Hippocrates Health Institute or any other third party using the Hippocrates Health Institute Web site is non-confidential. By submitting any solicited or unsolicited information using the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites, you grant Hippocrates Health Institute an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever to the extent permitted by law.
Notification of Copyright Infringement Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act If you believe that your copyrighted material may have been infringed, please provide Hippocrates Health Institute’s Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Mail:
Hippocrates Health Institute Inc1466 Hippocrates Way,West Palm BeachFL 33411,USAAttn: Copyright InfringementE-mail: ingo@HippocratesInst.org
Phone: 561-471-8876
Applicable Law
The Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites are created, operated and controlled by Hippocrates Health Institute in the State of Florida, United States of America. The laws of the State of Florida will govern the Legal Notices and Conditions of Use without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of laws.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
The Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites contain links to other sites operated by third-parties, including but not limited to third-party sites that display the Hippocrates Health Institute trademarks ("Third-Party Site(s)"). These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose.
Hippocrates Health Institute does not warrant or make any representation about the substance, quality, functionality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content. A link to a Third-party Site on the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for any Third-Party Site. Hippocrates Health Institute makes no representation or warranty as to any products or services offered on any Third-party Site.
The conditions of use and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from the Conditions of Use and Legal Notices that apply to your use of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites. Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites.
Privacy
Please review the Hippocrates Health Institute Privacy Policy for information on the privacy practices of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites.
Security
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.
The Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites may only be used for lawful purposes. Activities including, but not limited to, tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) using the web site for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the site; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;"; (f) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability; or (g) forging communications on behalf of the Web site (impersonating the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites) or to the Web site (impersonating as a legitimate user). Sending unsolicited and unauthorized e-mail on behalf of Hippocrates Health Institute, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, is expressly prohibited. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites other than the search engine and search agents provided by Hippocrates Health Institute or generally publicly available browsers.
Export
Certain products or materials ("Products") that you may purchase from the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites may be further subject to United States Export Controls. No Products from the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites may be exported contrary to any applicable export law, including but not limited to any applicable prohibitions against export as follows: 1) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or 2) anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By purchasing products from the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites, you agree to abide by the applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Owner and Operator of The Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites
Hippocrates Health Institute Inc. is the owner and operator of the Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites. The Hippocrates Health Institute Web sites addresses are; www.Hippocrates Instit.org.
The mailing address for Hippocrates Health Institute is1466 Hippocrates Way,West Palm Beach FL33411,USA