https://historicalsociety.unitingchurch.org.au/privacy/
Home
About
Objectives of the Society
History of the Society
The History Centre
Membership
Events
Publications
Books
Newsletter
Lectures and Papers
Can you help?
Looking Back
Privacy
You are here: Home / PrivacyPrivacy
When you look at this web site, our server makes a record of your visit. The following information is logged: your computer address, the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages you visit and the documents you download.
We only use this information for statistical reporting. No attempt will be made to identify you or your browsing activities except, in the highly unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Server Provider’s log files.
We will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list unless supplied for that reason. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
This site contains links to other sites. The UCA SA Historical Society is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can download some information here, or please contact our privacy officer at: office@ucsahistory.org.au
Contact Us
Uniting Church in SA History Centre.
44a East Avenue, Black Forest.
Visit us in person: Wednesday 1:00pm – 4:00pm
(To ensure we stay ‘COVID-safe’, please phone for an appointment)
Research Query
Email: manager@ucsahistory.org.au
Facebook: UCA Historical Society – South Australia
Attendance may be by appointment, also.
Please ring: 8297 8472.
Bovegas Casino is the newest legal casino that accept all major credit cards - AMEX, VIsa, Mastercard. New USA players get 300% bonus + 50 free spins as welcome promotion.
The best usa rtg casino gambling guide. Of course RTGbrands has great games and bonuses, but did you know they also have top-rated player services as well.
read more online european roulette strategies
play online slots online video poker play
http://www.toponlinecasinos.us.com sic bo online game
http://www.onlinegambling.us.com online casino usa real money