https://hnp.org/terms-of-use
The Order of Friars Minor of the Province of the Most Holy Name Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by The Order of Friars Minor of the Province of the Most Holy Name (referred to below as the “us,” “we” or “our”).
Use of this Website
We appreciate your interest in us and welcome you to this website.
Your access to and use of this website is subject to the following Terms of Use and applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use and agree to follow and be bound by them. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, do not use this website.
In order to access some features of this website, you may be required to register. If you register, you agree to provide us with accurate and complete registration information, and to inform us immediately of any updates or other changes to such information. Failure to comply with the terms of this paragraph shall constitute a material breach of these Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your account. In addition, we reserve the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a registration, in our sole and exclusive discretion.
You may use this website only for your personal, non-commercial use. We present this information as a service to people interested in us. Any unauthorized downloading or distribution of any copyrighted material from this website, without the copyright owner’s permission, is strictly prohibited.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and Patents
You should assume that everything you see or read on this website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, modified, published, downloaded, posted, or transmitted in any way, without the prior written consent of the copyright owner, EXCEPT: You may print copies of the material for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Unless otherwise noted, all content and material on this website are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed by us, by one of our affiliates, or by third parties who have licensed their material to us and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. We reserve complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content and material you download from this website, and no right, title, or interest is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.
Modifying, distributing, or using for any purpose the material on this website which is copyrighted or otherwise protected under intellectual property laws directly violates intellectual property rights of the copyright owner. Access to this website does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of our, our affiliates’, or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
Links to Third Party Websites
Links on this website to third party web sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the website. Such links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by us of the third party, the third-party web site, or the information contained therein.
Changes to Terms of Use
We reserve the right, in our sole and exclusive discretion, to revise these Terms of Use at any time and from time-to-time. All revisions shall be posted on this page. Since you are bound by all revisions to these Terms of Use, you should review this page each time you visit our website.
Disclaimer
This website, and the material available on or accessible through this website, is provided on an “as is,” “where is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, no infringement, or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
We do not warrant that the website will be uninterrupted or error-free or that any information or other materials available on or accessible through this website is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful components. This exclusion of implied warranties may not apply to you, to the extent that applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties.
Without limiting the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that the information on this website is accurate, complete, reliable, useful, timely, or current, and we disclaim any liability as to the accuracy or completeness thereof.
Nothing in this website is to be construed as a recommendation to use any product or service.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall we or our employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors, or suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, any actual, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary, compensatory, consequential, or any other damages that result in any way from your use of or inability to use the website or any hyperlinked website, or your reliance on or use of information, services, or merchandise provided on or through the website or any hyperlinked website, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation or transmission, any failure of performance, or any other matter relating to the website or any hyperlinked website.
This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all losses and damages of any kind, whether in contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if one of our authorized representatives has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. If you are dissatisfied with this website or any content on this website, or with these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website. You acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use of this website is at your sole risk and option.
The above limitation of liability may not apply to you. If any part of this limitation on liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then our total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action will not be greater than the direct incremental amount, if any, you paid specifically to access this website, but shall in no event exceed $100.00.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of this website.
Site Security
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of this website. Violations of the system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. You agree not to use a device or software to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this website or any activity being conducted on this website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether or not you authorize such activities.
Privacy
Use of this website is governed by our Privacy Policy, which we encourage you to review.
Termination
These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this website. We may terminate these Terms of Use at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the website, if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you have failed to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use. Upon any termination of the Terms of Use by either party, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from our website, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the Terms of Use hereof or otherwise.
Governing Law and Disputes
This website can be accessed from all over the world. All information contained in this website is intended for the United States market only. This website is controlled, maintained, and serviced by us in the City of New York in the State of New York. By your use of our website, you agree that any dispute arising from or relative to this website, or use or inability to use the website, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and/or by applicable federal intellectual property laws with respect to matters governed thereby. You also agree, and hereby submit, to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the New York City Supreme Court or the Civil Court of the City of New York, as applicable, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with respect to such matters.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed or eliminated only to the extent necessary so that these Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Our failure to act with respect to a breach of these Terms of Use by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit our rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. These Terms of Use are not assignable, transferable, or sub licensable by you. The headings in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. These Terms of Use include and incorporate the Privacy Policy for this website.
Type and Press “enter” to Search