https://hnp.org/privacy-policy
The Order of Friars Minor of the Province of the Most Holy Name Privacy Policy
This website (the “Website”) is owned and operated by The Order of Friars Minor of the Province of the Most Holy Name (referred to as “us,” “we,” or “our”). We value your right to privacy while using the internet. We endeavor to help you maintain control over your personal data while encouraging a more collaborative, engaging, and personalized experience on our Website. We respect your right to control your personal information. We have created this Policy (“Policy”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors and customers. The Policy describes how we collect, protect, and use information we receive from visitors to our Website. The purpose of this Policy is to inform you when you visit our Website how we use personally identifiable information you share with us and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, your information (the phrases “personally identifiable information” and “personal information” mean any information by which you, individually, can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). This Policy applies only to information collected through this Website and not to information collected offline or elsewhere or on any other website.
A Special Notice about Children
Children (under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Website unsupervised, and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Website in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, your parents or guardians.
General
In general, you may visit many pages of the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit the Website and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous unless they voluntarily tell us who they are.
Sometimes (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive updates, alerts, emails, or participate in message boards, surveys, or promotions) we will ask you to provide personal information about yourself, such as your name, contact and residence addresses, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, or personal interests. We may also maintain a record of your online purchases. Whether or not you choose to provide the information we request is entirely up to you. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products or services, or access certain offers and content on the Website.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
If you choose to provide information to us through our online registration, you may be asked to provide us with personal information, including your name, address, postal address and telephone number, your e-mail address, a password, and other identifying information (such as your mother’s maiden name, city of birth, or pet name). We also may ask you for personal information when you ask us for information, subscribe to one of our services or publications, or download information.
Your personal information enables us to provide you with the information you have requested, provide you with information regarding the status of your registration, fulfill your requests, and provide you with information regarding future products and services that may suit your particular interests. We also use your personal information to help identify you if you lose your password and to help you quickly find information on the Website.
If you believe that any of your personal information is incorrect, or has been changed since your registration at the Website, please send an e-mail message to info@hnp.org explaining the correction or change and provide any relevant confirmation or reference number.
Cookies
The Website may use cookie technology to improve the quality of your experience. A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. Cookies store information that a website may need in order to personalize your experience and gather website statistical data. Any time you visit the Website to browse or to read or download information, we may collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, aol.com, etc.); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access the Website; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Website. We may use this information to measure the number of visitors to areas of the Website, and to help us make the Website more useful and interesting to our visitors. We may use information from cookies in the aggregate to analyze for trends and statistics, and then discard it-we do not track individuals, only instances of entry onto the Website.
Some consumers may not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to advise you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer.
Do We Share Your Information?
We may share your personal information with third-party independent contractors for purposes of: (1) performing functions on our behalf, such as processing credit card transactions; and (2) tracking information generated through the Website. Our third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes.
We may also disclose your personal information to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; to protect and defend us and our officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim, or dispute; to enforce the Terms of Use of the Website; to prevent imminent physical harm; and in the event that we find that your actions on the Website violate any laws, our Terms of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
If you choose not to give us your personal information at all, you can still access the Website; however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration or personal information.
Third-Party Hosting
We contract with a third party to maintain and host the Website. Therefore, any information you submit, including personal information, will be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host. The third party has agreed to implement technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use.
Links to Other Materials
For your convenience, the Website may contain links to other websites. These links are an accommodation to the respective third-party site owners and for your convenience. Sites linked to and from the Website are not necessarily under our control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Website and connected to the website of the organization or company that you selected. We shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites, or any link or linking program at any time. Such websites are not investigated, monitored, or checked for quality, accuracy, or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked website on this Website does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked website by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products, or services provided on these websites. Even if an affiliation exists between our Website and a third-party website, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. If you visit a website that is linked to or from our Website, we encourage you to consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information and whenever interacting with any web site. You should read and understand our policies with respect to such third-party links, as stated in the Terms of Use of the Website.
Security
The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Any credit card information utilizes secure encryption technology. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems.
Governing Law
This Policy and the use of this Website are governed by the Governing Law and Disputes provisions of the Terms of Use.
Effective Date and Changes
By using this Website, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through this Website. This privacy policy is effective as of July 1, 2011. We reserve the right to modify the terms of this privacy policy at any time and in our sole discretion. Notice of any revisions will be posted to this page, so please revisit this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
We welcome comments and questions about this Policy and about our Website. Any comments or questions regarding this Policy or this Website may be directed to our webmasters at info@hnp.org. You may also call us or send a letter using the information in the “contact” section of this website.
Thank you for your interest in us. We hope your visit to our Website is pleasant and productive.
Type and Press “enter” to Search