http://holyapostles.co.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYWho is Holy Apostles LeicesterThe website address is: http://holyapostles.co.ukThe personal data that Holy Apostles Leicester collect and why.COMMENTSWhen visitors leave comments on the site Holy Apostles Leicester collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.CONTACT FORMSHoly Apostles Leicester use the Ninja Forms plugin to manage contact form submissions. The information is sent as email messages that only Holy Apostles Leicester are allowed to access. The information is also stored in the database on our hosting server for backup and later reference purposes. NameCheap hosts this website. You can read NameCheap's privacy policy here.How long do Holy Apostles Leicester keep the information?sHoly Apostles Leicester don’t set a particular time limit on storing information because Holy Apostles Leicester need it for future reference. If you want your information to be removed from the database, please contact us. Holy Apostles Leicester will remove it anytime there are concerns about your privacy.Do you share the information with other parties?No, although Holy Apostles Leicester do use some WordPress plugins on this website that may pass data, including personal information, to external servers to process, such as Akismet Anti-Spam or Jetpack by WordPress.com.Holy Apostles Leicester only use WordPress plugins and themes that are hosted by WordPress.org. WordPress.org’s guidelines clearly prohibit tracking users without their explicit informed consent.COOKIESIf you leave a comment on this site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, Holy Apostles Leicester will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITESArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Google Web FontsFor uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.ANALYTICSHoly Apostles Leicester use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on this website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of the site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. Holy Apostles Leicester therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.Who Holy Apostles Leicester share your data withHoly Apostles Leicester do not share your personal identifiable data with any other third party other than what is stored on a database which is hosted by NameCheap. You can view NameCheap's privacy policy here.How long Holy Apostles Leicester retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so Holy Apostles Leicester can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on the website (if any), Holy Apostles Leicester also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that Holy Apostles Leicester erase any personal data Holy Apostles Leicester hold about you. This does not include any data Holy Apostles Leicester are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where Holy Apostles Leicester send your dataHoly Apostles Leicester use NameCheap as a web hosting provider. You can read their Privacy Policy here.Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Contact Holy Apostles LeicesterYou can contact Holy Apostles Leicester through the contact page.Additional informationHOW Holy Apostles Leicester PROTECT YOUR DATAHoly Apostles Leicester does it’s best to keep your Personal Data safe. Holy Apostles Leicester use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). Holy Apostles Leicester use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. Holy Apostles Leicester monitor this website for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.Even though Holy Apostles Leicester tries it’s best, Holy Apostles Leicester can not guarantee the security of information. However, Holy Apostles Leicester promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. Holy Apostles Leicester will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. Holy Apostles Leicester will do everything Holy Apostles Leicester reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.Holy Apostles Leicester use two WordPress plugins called Wordfence and Sucuri to add extra security to this site, such as Brute Force Protection, Web Application Firewall, Rate Limiting, Server State, File Changes, Malware Scans, Password Strength etc… You can find our more about Wordfence at wordfence.com and Sucuri at sucuri.net If you have an account with Holy Apostles Leicester, please note that you have to keep your username and password secret.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYHoly Apostles Leicester reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made 4th December 2019.