http://homeatlasths.org/privacy-policy/
Search for:
From
Email Address
Message
Email sent!
There has been an error, please check the information you entered and try again.
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home At Last Humane Society is a local, Central Oregon nonprofit organization and is not affiliated with any national animal welfare organization. We are a private 501(c)3 non-profit organization and are not part of, nor do we receive funding from, the Humane Society of the United States. Home At Last Humane Society respects the privacy of our donors and will not share your personal information with any third parties and we do not send out solicitations on behalf of other organizations or businesses. This includes name, address, financial information, email address and credit card information. We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. For instance, if you make a donation we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address. This information may be entered into our database (Giftworks Software) so that we can mail you an acknowledgement letter, newsletter, and/or requests for donations. Anyone can ask to be removed from our mailing list at any time, or may ask to be sent specific mailings only such as annual reports or special appeals.
We do not attempt to track individuals in any manner and we do not link the web information to link to any other databases with the purpose of identifying individual website users. We do not track IP addresses or deposit any “cookies” in an attempt to gain information about website users.
When visiting links to other sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of each site you visit. For online donations, The Home At Last Humane Society uses Authorize.net, and Paypal, both are web-based donation programs, whose separate privacy policies can be viewed by clicking here for Paypal and here for Authorize.net
Credit Card Information
Home At Last Humane Society does not store credit card or other financial account information in any of our databases (donor, adoption, retail, etc.). All credit card information received is a) run through our card processing center, if a one-time charge, and the information is then shredded or b) entered into a third party database (Authorize.net), if it is a recurring donation, where only the last 4 digits are visible to any database user. All printed credit card information is shredded on-site. Credit card information collected at our annual auction and other events is also encoded so that only the last four digits are visible. No paper records of credit card information are generated from the auction event.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. Our website is secured via SSL encryption and our Giftworks software is password protected and only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you, sending materials based on your request for information, or providing acknowledgement of donations received for tax purposes.
Returns/Cancellation/Refunds
All donations and transaction are final. Please contact us for any issues with your transaction.
Online Dog ApplicationHowabout a cat instead? Just click the button below!
Online Cat Application
Special thanks to:
Supporting our spay/neuter program
Buy a new Subaru from Tonkin Subaru of The Dalles between Dec 1st and Jan 31st and Subaru Share the Love Program will donate $250 to Home At Last!
Copyright Central Oregon Animal Friends 2019
About Us
Adoption
Cat Adoption Application
Dog Adoption Application
Dog Licensing
Foster Care Application
Fostering
Holiday Friends
Kennel Sponsorship
Newsletter
Our Story
Petfinder Listing
Privacy Policy
Volunteering
Ways to Give
Design by Smartcat