http://hostway.com/legal/terms_of_use.html
Legal
Hostway Agreements & Corporate Policies
For your reference, below you will find the agreements and corporate policies related to the products and services offered by Hostway. To view any of the documents below, please click on its title.
NOTICE: Hostway’s “Terms of Use” have been renamed and updated as the “Master Services Agreement”. Please review by clicking on its title. (Last Updated: December 9, 2016)
Master Services Agreement (MSA)
All users of Hostway’s services, and all customers upon signing up for Hostway’s services, agree to comply with Hostway’s Master Services Agreement (“MSA”) (formerly named “Terms of Use”).
1. General Terms (For Everyone)
2. Billing Terms (For Everyone)
3. Privacy Policy (For Everyone)
4. Supplemental Terms
4.1 Web & Apps (For Web Hosting & E-Commerce Only)
4.2 Enterprise Hosting (For Managed & Cloud Only)
4.3 Colocation (For Colocation Only)
Service Level Agreements
Hostway is proud to offer some of the industry’s most comprehensive hosting service level agreements (SLA). Below are links to the SLA for each of our product offerings.
Colocation Services SLA
FlexCloudTM Hosting SLA
Hybrid Hosting SLA
Managed Hosting SLA
Microsoft Exchange SLA
Virtual Private Cloud SLA
More Links
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the site hostway.com. We collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide that information to us or as specifically outlined in this Policy.
Website Use Policy
Access to and use of the Hostway website is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
Legal Notices
Notice of Class Action Settlement
Settlement Agreement and Release
Paid User Claim Form
Unpaid User Claim Form
Settlement Website
Domain Name Registration Agreement Policy
In this Service Agreement “you” and “your” refer to each customer and “we”, us” and “our” refer to Hostway.com. This Agreement explains our obligations to you, and explains your obligations to us for our various services.
Registrant Rights and Responsibilities
This document provides some “plain language” summarization of terms related to Registrant Rights and Responsibilities as set out in the Registrar Accreditation Agreement (RAA), for posting on Registrar websites.
Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints
Individuals or entities alleging intellectual property infringement or otherwise have a complaint about content on Hostway’s network may submit written notice to abuse@hostway.com following the procedures described in this document.
The Hostway Difference
TrustedRelationships
TrustedExpertise
TrustedInfrastructure
Schedule Consultation
×
Schedule Email Migration Consultation
×
First Name
Last Name
Company Name
Email Address*
Phone*
Number of Mailboxes
Comments and Availability
Please verify your request*
Submit
Do you need Sales or Support?
×
Chat with SALES
Chat with SUPPORT
Do you need Sales or Support?
×
Call Sales:
1 (866) 680-7556
1 (866) 680-7556
Int'l:
1 (312) 453-0862
Call Support:
1 (866) 467-8929
Int'l:
1 (312) 453-0087