https://houstonaudubon.org/ways-to-help/
Skip to main content
Ways to Help
Become a Member
Donate
Adopt-a-Bird
Birdvent Calendar
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Award-Winning Volunteers
Corporate
Corporate Involvement
Corporate Partners
Corporate Workdays
Help Wildlife in Trouble
Young Professionals Advisory Council
Birdathon
Avian Affair
Planned Giving
Shopping Partners
Holiday Shopping
Ways to HelpThere are several ways in which you can help Houston Audubon ensure a world of birds.Become a MemberIf you are not already a member of Houston Audubon, we invite you to join.
Membership Information
Ways to GiveIndividual donations are the backbone of all of Houston Audubon's programs. Donations may be made in cash, check, or by credit card. We also have special programs for donations of stock and cars.
Donation Form for donations by credit card.
Ways to Donateother ways to donate in addition to credit cards
Adopt a Bird
Planned Giving
Tribute Trees
Become a VolunteerJoin our dedicated volunteers who do everything from our accounting to nature tours and presentations to sanctuary maintenance to general office work. We would love to have the opportunity to talk to you about various volunteer opportunities.
Volunteer Information
Participate in Events
Birdathon
Gala
Shop at our Nature Store or with our Shopping PartnersWe have a nature store at Sims Bayou Urban Nature Center filled with t-shirts, books, gifts, jewelry, plush animals, and more. When you shop with our Shopping Partners through the links on our website, we will receive a portion of the dollars you spend. Shopping Partners include Amazon, Eagle Optics, REI, and many more!
Shop at Sims Bayou Nature Store
Our Shopping Partners
Earth Share of Texas Payroll DeductionAudubon Foundation of Texas represents Houston Audubon in the Earth Share of Texas payroll deduction plan for charitable giving. Earth Share has prepared a public service announcement featuring Harrison Ford. View video.
Thank you for taking the time to learn more about Houston Audubon. Remember that each and every person can make a difference in their own way!
1% For The Planet Alliance1% for the Planet is a growing global movement of more than 1,000 companies that donate 1% of their sales to a network of more than 3,000 approved environmental organizations worldwide. Houston Audubon is now officially partnering with 1% For The Planet. Learn more about this growing alliance at the 1% for the Planet website.
Subscribe to our email communications.
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close