https://houstonaudubon.org/ways-to-help/donate.html
Skip to main content
Ways to Help
Become a Member
Donate
Adopt-a-Bird
Birdvent Calendar
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Award-Winning Volunteers
Corporate
Corporate Involvement
Corporate Partners
Corporate Workdays
Help Wildlife in Trouble
Young Professionals Advisory Council
Birdathon
Avian Affair
Planned Giving
Shopping Partners
Holiday Shopping
Make a DonationIndividual donations are the backbone of Houston Audubon's programs. Donations from individuals such as yourself are the driving force behind all of our education and sanctuary programs. See below for information on making a donation in cash or check. We also have a special program for the donation of securities.
Click here to donate to the 2020 Annual Fund
Click here to make a general donationIf you have any questions or issues in registering, contact us at office@houstonaudubon.org.
Ratings
Charity Navigator Ratings
As of June 1, 2016, Houston Audubon is no longer being rated by Charity Navigator because they have suspended rating land trusts. Houston Audubon is proud to have carried a 4-star rating over the last 5 years. Click "Charity Navigator Ratings" to see Houston Audubon's rating history with Charity Navigator.
Charity Navigator and Land Trusts
For more information regarding why Charity Navigator no longer evaluates Land Trusts and Preserves, please refer to the explanation on the Charity Navigator website.
Donations by checkChecks to Houston Audubon can be mailed to 440 Wilchester Blvd, Houston TX 77079. If you prefer to make a donation by telephone, please call our office at 713-932-1639 (office hours are Monday-Friday, 10 AM - 3 PM).
Donations of SecuritiesTo make a donation of securities, please contact Aimee Friend at afriend@houstonaudubon.org or call 713-932-1639.
Planned GivingBy making a planned gift to Houston Audubon, you can provide for your future and for the birds. Advantages include life-time payments at attractive rates and significant tax benefits. Please refer to our Planned Giving webpage for more information.
Subscribe to our email communications.
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close