https://houstonaudubon.org/ways-to-help/volunteer/
Skip to main content
Volunteer
Become a Member
Donate
Adopt-a-Bird
Birdvent Calendar
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Award-Winning Volunteers
Corporate
Corporate Involvement
Corporate Partners
Corporate Workdays
Help Wildlife in Trouble
Young Professionals Advisory Council
Birdathon
Avian Affair
Planned Giving
Shopping Partners
Holiday Shopping
Volunteer OpportunitiesWe rely on volunteers to achieve our goals. In fact, without volunteers, we would not exist!
Founded by volunteers in 1969, the mission of Houston Audubon is to advance the conservation of birds and positively impact their supporting environments.
From supporting our staff at our headquarters, to maintaining trails on our Bird Sanctuaries, to increasing appreciation and understanding of birds throughout Houston, and more, volunteers are the lifeblood of Houston Audubon!
Read below to learn more about our current volunteers needs and how you can get involved in helping protect bird habitat in your community.
Calendar of Volunteer Events
December 2020
This Month
Jump to a Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Month
2019
2020
2021
Year
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
29
Nov 30
Dec 1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
8:00 am
Raptor Center Work Party
8:30 am
High Island Work Party
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
Dec 31
Jan 1
2
Saturday, December 12, 2020
Raptor Center Work Party
8:00 am - 12:00 pm
High Island Work Party
8:30 am - 2:00 pm
November 2020
January 2021
Long-term and skills-based volunteer roles
Tree Survey Project at Edith L. Moore
Edith L. Moore has a need for a tree expert who can identify, assess the health of, and make recommendations for the trees on our 17.5 acre property. Ideally we will have several volunteers working on this project so each volunteer can be responsible for a smaller portion.
Volunteer Photography Team
Use your photography skills to help Houston Audubon protect and promote birds and our programs. Volunteer photographers can be of any skill level. Photo assignments will start out with remote and independent projects, once COVID threats have passed we will expand to events.
Bird Bloggers
Calling all bird nerds! Houston Audubon has recently launched our Houston Audublog, and we are looking for guest blog contributors. Support and contribute to our mission while volunteering remotely by sharing your love of birds with our online community.
Volunteer Program Assistant
If you want to get behind the scenes and learn what it takes to make a volunteer program run, this is the volunteer role for you! Get started with data entry and general program support before delving in to bigger projects. This role is based at the Houston Audubon Headquarters at the Edith L. Moore Nature Sanctuary in Memorial City.
Citizen Science - Bird Surveys
If you're new to birding and want to learn more this is a great way to get involved! Contribute to a body of knowledge that will help researchers and bird conservationists with their work for years to come by participating in a bird survey. For more information check out this page listing all of the bird surveys around greater Houston.
Volunteering as a GroupHouston Audubon welcomes your group's participation at our sanctuaries! Schools, churches, scout troops, corporations, and community agencies are key partners in achieving our mission of conservation and habitat protection. If you are interested in your group working with us, please complete a group volunteer request form. Volunteer Manager Lauren Miheli will contact you after your request is received. Generally, two months lead time and funding support are needed to develop a project. Note: Small groups and families are also welcome to join us for our regularly scheduled work parties.
Corporate groups should contact Julie Gold at jgold@houstonaudubon.org, 281-888-1768
Volunteer from HomeOn the Horizon These volunteer opportunities will be open  in 6 - 9 months. Sign up for email updates to be the first to know when the dates are set. Use the form at the bottom of this page to get our Volunteer newsletter.
Birding on the Fly Team
Meet the public where they are to share your love of birding and conservation with new communities around Houston. Volunteers will work with staff to bring high powered birding scopes and binoculars to community events and neighborhood parks to expose people to the diversity of birds in our own backyards. Events start in April after a group training session.
Beach Nesting Monitors and Stewards
Protect shorebirds at Bolivar Flats and Anahuac NR by interacting with the ATV and Jeep communities, reminding them that the beach is valuable nesting habitat and educating them about the mission of Houston Audubon.
Social Media Influencers
Come tweet about the birds at a Houston Audubon event.
Sign up to volunteer now!Now that you've reviewed our volunteer needs please complete the appropriate application below. If you have any questions please email our Volunteer Coordinator, Lauren Miheli, or call her at 713-932-1639 ext.102
Individual Volunteer Application
Group Volunteer Application
Liability Waiver Form
Subscribe to our email communications.
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close