https://houstonaudubon.org/ways-to-help/shopping-partners.html
Skip to main content
Ways to Help
Become a Member
Donate
Adopt-a-Bird
Birdvent Calendar
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Award-Winning Volunteers
Corporate
Corporate Involvement
Corporate Partners
Corporate Workdays
Help Wildlife in Trouble
Young Professionals Advisory Council
Birdathon
Avian Affair
Planned Giving
Shopping Partners
Holiday Shopping
Shopping PartnersPARTNERS
Shopping at Houston Audubon Sanctuaries
The Nature Store is located at the Houston Audubon Raptor & Education Center, the education headquarters for Houston Audubon. The center is open to the public by appointment only. The address is 3997 River Drive, Houston, TX 77017. It is two blocks from I-45 and only minutes from downtown. The phone number is 713-640-2407. Shopping at our nature store allows you to acquire unique gifts that are sure to delight nature lovers while showing your support for Houston Audubon. We offer a wide selection of books, field guides, and earrings as well as an array of children's items that include sticker books, plush animals, and umbrellas. Schedule a visit to the Raptor & Education Center to peruse our diverse selection. We also maintain a small selection of t-shirts, books, and other items at the Edith L. Moore Nature Sanctuary in West Houston. During the spring season,
a nature shop is open at Boy Scout Woods.
All proceeds go to Houston Audubon.
Land Sea & Sky
Since 1940, Land Sea & Sky has provided sales and service of binoculars, spotting scopes, microscopes, telescopes and nautical equipment. Support Houston Audubon by shopping online at Land Sea & Sky.
Simply use the promo code “HOUAUDUBON” at checkout online or mention Houston Audubon in-store now through January 9, 2021.
Land Sea & Sky will donate 5% of your purchase to Houston Audubon, while also giving you a 5% discount on your purchase.
AmazonSmile
Amazon donates 0.5% of the price of your eligible AmazonSmile purchases to the charitable organization of your choice. It's easy to select Houston Audubon as your charitable organization. On your first visit to AmazonSmile (smile.amazon.com), please select Houston Audubon as your organization. Then every eligible purchase you make at smile.amazon.com will result in a donation. AmazonSmile is the same Amazon you know and love ... same products, same prices, same service. The only difference is you will be supporting Houston Audubon. Thank you for your support.
0.5% donated to Houston Audubon.
Bakfish
PALEican is a pale ale created by Bakfish Brewing Co. in 2019 for our inaugural Houston Bird Week. Bakfish is generously donating a portion of proceeds to Houston Audubon. For a list of locations where PALEican can be purchased, please click the link for Bakfish.
Reliant EcoShare
Houston Audubon is happy to be a beneficiary of The Reliant EcoShareSM service. EcoShare is a way that Texans can support Houston Audubon and offset their own carbon production at the same time. Reliant and EarthShare of Texas have launched a program that allows Reliant customers to help reduce their carbon footprints through the purchase of carbon offsets. And for each customer-purchased offset, Reliant will make a contribution to EarthShare of Texas and its participating organizations including Houston Audubon. More information.
Two choices: Gold: a flat $5.95 monthly price/$2 will be donated to Earthshare Texas or Silver: a flat $3.95 monthly price/$1 will be donated to Earthshare Texas. We share this partnership with other participating Audubon chapters.
Randalls Good Neighbor Program
To participate you need to be a holder of a Randalls Remarkable Card. If you already have a card then simply visit the courtesy booth at your local Randalls and tell them you want to be linked to Houston Audubon's Good Neighbor account – our Randalls account number is 509. If you don't have a Randalls Remarkable Card you can pick up an application form from the courtesy booth at your local Randalls store and simply fill out the Good Neighbor program section within the application form, indicating our number – 509 - and return it to the Courtesy Booth. That's it! Houston Audubon is now linked to your card.
Randalls donates 1% of a participant's total grocery purchase to Houston Audubon.
Shop at Kroger: Support Houston Audubon
Here's a great way to support Houston Audubon. All you need to do is sign up as a new Kroger customer or relink your account if you are already a customer. If you already have a Kroger Plus Card, you can link it to Houston Audubon. Please note, we all need to relink our cards every year in August to continue supporting Houston Audubon. There are two ways to sign up as a new customer. You can pick up a Kroger Plus Card at the customer service desk at any Kroger or you can sign up online at www.krogercommunityrewards.com. Our organization number is TP548. All supporters must have a registered Kroger Plus Card account online to be able to link their card to an organization. If you have problems signing in or creating an account please call Kroger's Online Account Customer Service 1-866-221-4141. That's all there is to it! When checking out, make sure you swipe your card or enter the phone number associated with the card. It will show your donation to Houston Audubon on the bottom of your receipt. Thanks for support. Happy shopping!
Kroger's donates a small percentage of a participant's total purchase. The percentage is based on the number of families that select Houston Audubon.
FRIENDS
Wild Birds Unlimited
Our friends at the Wild Birds Unlimited store at 14032 Memorial Drive, Houston, 77079 (281-293-0959) offer a discount for purchases made by Houston Audubon members. They have also been generous supporters of our events. Thank you, Wild Birds Unlimited!
Discount offered to Houston Audubon members.
Birds & Beans Coffee
Every bean sold by Birds & Beans is certified by independent inspectors to meet the rigorous Smithsonian standards. This is a certification based on decades of objective scientific research. Bird Friendly® coffee means that migratory songbirds we know and love have a better chance to survive while on their wintering grounds in the tropics. Sales have doubled year on year since launch. The Birds & Beans brand has been credited with bringing awareness levels of the ‘Bird Friendly®' coffee certification and the sustainability issue it represents into broader public recognition.
Birds & Beans Coffee supplies Houston Audubon with coffee during spring migration at High Island.
Wetland Conservation Plate
Ducks Unlimited, a Houston Audubon partner, has created a new wetland conservation license plate for Texas. From the $30 specialty plate fee, $22 goes to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department to support Texas Ducks Unlimited efforts to conserve and restore wetlands and associated habitats for wildlife. Ordering Information is on the Texas Online website.
TPWD Conservation License Plates
Help keep Texas wild with the Horned Lizard TPWD wildlife conservation plate! From the $30 specialty plate fee, $22 goes to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department to benefit the conservation of wildlife diversity and to protect native nongame species. Plates can be purchased online or at any county tax office in Texas, and should be ready about two weeks after the order is placed.
Click here for ordering information.
Owl Shack Owl Houses
Cliff and Julie Shackelford, professional biologists and avid birdwatchers, make handcrafted "Owl Shack" Screech Owl houses, based on their own design. They make a wonderful gift! Check out the Owl Shack website for more information and to place an order.
Subscribe to our email communications.
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close