https://howtomanageasmalllawfirm.com/privacy-policy/
HOWTOMANAGEASMALLLAWFIRM.COM
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Version 1.2 – Updated May 25, 2018
Effective date: May 25, 2018
THIS PRIVACY POLICY AMENDS AND RESTATES ALL PRIOR VERSIONS POSTED THROUGH MAY 25, 2018. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE BEGINNING ON MAY 25, 2018 WILL INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF OUR UPDATED PRIVACY POLICY.
How to Manage a Small Law Firm (“us“, “we“, or “our“) operates the website located at www.howtomanageasmalllawfirm.com (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal and usage data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Use of our Service includes visiting and using the website, providing personal information in connection with the use of interactive features, such as member forums, and sending messages and emails to us through the Services (via ‘contact us’ and other information request forms).
We generally use the data described herein to provide the Service to you, including to personalize your experience on the website, provide customer support, improve the Service, enforce our policies and agreements with you, resolve disputes, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, notify you about changes in the Service or new services or offers we may make available, and/or to provide news about us and our offerings. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of the information described herein in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are always accessible from our home page at www.howtomanageasmalllawfirm.com.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller, i.e., a third party vendor) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. We may also, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your Personal Data is not transferred to the third party.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (i.e., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. While Usage Data is essentially anonymous when collected, please note that it could be combined with other data, and used indirectly to identify a person, and we cannot guaranty that Usage Data we collect and/or share will not be used for that purpose.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
How to Manage a Small Law Firm uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
While we use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that our use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described in our privacy statement, we cannot ensure that your communications with us will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Retention of Data
How to Manage a Small Law Firm will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
How to Manage a Small Law Firm will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
How to Manage a Small Law Firm will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If How to Manage a Small Law Firm is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, How to Manage a Small Law Firm may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
How to Manage a Small Law Firm may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of How to Manage a Small Law Firm
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and there is no such thing as perfect or impenetrable security measures. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security, which does not exist on the Internet.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
How to Manage a Small Law Firm aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to How to Manage a Small Law Firm. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
We Use Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are placed on your device, to analyze how users use the Service (including users’ IP address). Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie about your use of the Service will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google represents that it will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google (but we cannot guaranty that this is the case). We also use Google analytics demographic and location targeting and related features to help us better understand the users of the Service and reach them with online advertising. By using the Service you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
How to Manage a Small Law Firm uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. For example, this allows us to serve display advertisements to previous visitors to the Service who may not have completed a task on the Service (e.g., filling out a request for information or call form). This may be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or on another site in the Google Display Network or other ad networks as well as on Facebook. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. Third-party vendors such as Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads bases on someone’s past visits to our Service, and data collected will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of such vendors.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google, Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Other
We may use other online advertising services such as Bing Ads, LinkedIn and others.
We also may use Google’s “cross-device functionality” to show ads to signed-in Google users who have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use such information from their Google account to personalize ads. Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated identifiers associated with users’ Google Accounts (and therefore, personal information). Google Analytics temporarily joins these identifiers to our Google Analytics data in order for you to be shown ads of web sites like ours, on devices other than the device you used when you first visited our website. To disable this, you can do so inside your Google account and adjust your privacy settings
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page (not by individual notice).
We will let you know via a pop-up or other notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email to help@howtomanage.com (Please use the words “Privacy Policy Inquiry” in the subject of any email sent hereunder)
By visiting this page on our website: https://howtomanageasmalllawfirm.com/contact/
By mail: 3109 Grand Avenue, Suite 188, Miami FL 33133, United States
Other LinksSchedule an Information Call
Newsletter Sign Up
Statement of Values
Admitted Vendor Program
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Earnings Disclaimer
Testimonials and Results Disclaimers
Disclaimer for No Legal Representation
White Paper
Find Us
PH: 888-765-7460
FAX: 305-731-2127
Help@HowToMANAGEaSmallLawFirm.com
How To MANAGE a Small Law Firm
3109 Grand Ave Suite 188
Coconut Grove, FL 33133
Exit Intent PopUp Trigger
What? You don’t like money, growth and freedom?
Before you leave, at least get your FREE download of our #1
Business Plan Workbook.
More than 1000 law firm owners are using this workbook to make money and get happier.
Your turn. Enter your email below.
YES! I’ll take the workbook
Scroll to top
replica watches watchmaking as a top pioneer in the industry. fake rolex watch are made to precision and quality and yet maintain affordable prices. satisfy the desires and needs of all of the individuals the planet may be the quest for swiss.