https://hpaonline.com/privacy-and-terms/
Search for:
Get Involved
Sponsorship Opportunities
Download Media Kit
HPA Guide to COVID-19 Resources
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 30, 2018
The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (“SMPTE”) and its partner, the Hollywood Professional Association (“HPA”) (collectively “we,” “our,” or “us”) provide this privacy notice to describe how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information of individuals who visit our websites www.smpte.org and www.hpaonline.com or any sites or mobile applications we offer that link to this privacy notice (collectively “Digital Properties”). Please note that the information practices discussed in this privacy notice apply to both SMPTE and HPA, unless separately designated.
Information Collection
We collect information you provide to us when visiting our Digital Properties, including your name, address, email address, phone number, fax number, payment information, employment information, social media handles, birthday, and any other information you choose to provide us. We may collect this information when you apply to become a member, register for an event, purchase our products, make a donation, or interact with us for any other purpose. We also collect information if you post content on our Digital Properties, such as through use of commenting features. We may collect information such as your contact information from our members, including through our member referral program.
We gather technical information including, but not limited to, browser type, IP address, pages visited and other activities on our Digital Properties, device type, and time and date of visit. We may use cookies or similar technology to collect such information for advertising and other purposes.
Information Use
We use your information for the following purposes:
To deliver products and services you request, including to provide membership benefits and subscriptions to our communications;
To improve member services, including to contact you as you request;
To advertise and market our products and services, including to provide communications on our events, news, and other relevant information;
To process applications or registrations;
For business purposes, such as analytics, research, marketing, recruitment, and operational purposes;
To comply with the law; and/or
As otherwise disclosed at the time information is collected.
We do not use automatic decision-making or engage in profiling.
Where we intend to use or otherwise process your personal data for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected, we will provide you with information regarding the purpose for the processing, as well as other relevant information, prior to processing your personal data for the new purpose.
Information Sharing
We share your information with third parties, including the following:
Affiliated companies;
Third parties that perform services on our behalf, including payment card processing companies, online gateways, and providers of technology such as our job boards and voting software
Other SMPTE and HPA members, including through the publication of a membership directory;
Qualified, relevant businesses, and organizations such as our event sponsors and partners, for their direct marketing purposes. See the “Your Choices” section for additional information;
Third parties that assist with services related to our events, including with facilities hosting our events;
As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties;
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.
Our Digital Properties may permit members to post comments. The information that you post in these areas of our Digital Properties may be available to other members and the general public.
We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation.
Third-Party Links and Tools
We may work with third parties that collect data about your use of our Digital Properties and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of our Digital Properties and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Digital Properties, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Our Digital Properties may provide links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages. We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy notice. You should review the privacy notices of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
Our Digital Properties may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on our Digital Properties, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy notices of the companies that provide those features. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any accounts you create and use.
International Visitors
This section applies to those that visit our Digital Properties from the European Union.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you in connection with membership, attending an event or one of our courses, or providing sponsorship. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for direct marketing purposes and other business functions and these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. Where we process your personal data for this purpose, our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and members.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we will ask for your consent to process your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If you wish to exercise the right to withdraw consent, contact us at privacy@smpte.org or privacy@hpaonline.com. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Transfers of Personal Data
Please be aware that the personal data we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal data in the United States and your consent to this privacy notice represents your agreement to this processing.
In other instances, we have entered into Model Contractual Clauses for the international transfer of personal data collected in the EU with certain service providers, customers, and other parties, or we rely on vendors who have self-certified to the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer personal data to the United States.
Your Rights
You have a right to the following:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@smpte.org or privacy@hpaonline.com. See the “Contact” section below. Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Retention
We will process and store your personal data only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period or consistent with our lawful basis or business purpose(s) for retaining personal data. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.
Your Choices
To opt-in, and specify your preferences for email communications, please visit our email preferences manager at http://eepurl.com/bceNP5 .
Once you have started receiving email communications from us, you may opt out of our e-mail marketing or change your communication preferences by accessing the link provided at the bottom of each marketing message.
If you are a SMPTE or HPA member, you may also update your information by logging into your account or contacting us using the information in the “Contact” section below.
As described in this privacy notice, we may also make your personal information available to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Pursuant to California Civil Code § 1798.83, no more than once per calendar year, you may request that we send you via mail or email: (1) the categories of personal information disclosed to those third parties; and (2) the names and addresses of those third parties. To request this information, please contact us at privacy@smpte.org or privacy@hpaonline.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
If our information practices change, we will post these changes on this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of any updates.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy notice, please contact us, in our role as data controller, at:
HPA
2501 W BURBANK BLVD STE 207
BURBANK CA 91505-2347
Telephone: + 1 818 273 1482
SMPTE
445 HAMILTON AVE STE 601
WHITE PLAINS NY 10601-1827
Telephone+1 914 761 1100
Visitors from the European Union may also contact:
SMPTE LTD, a company limited by Guarantee Number 8676388
Registered for VAT GB 197 9542 42
Registered Office: 5 Yeoman’s Court, Ware Road, Hertford, Herts, SG13 7HJ
You will now be taken to the SMPTE website.
continue   cancel
We use non-personally-identifiable cookies to analyze our traffic and enhance your HPA site experience. By using our website, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Learn More »
Got It
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Blogger
Myspace
Delicious
Yahoo Mail
Gmail
Newsvine
Digg
FriendFeed
Buffer
Reddit
VKontakte
Pin It on Pinterest
…
…
…