https://hpmvideos.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Harvest Productions Online. We look forward to assisting you with your evangelistic and outreach needs. Your privacy is important to us. To help you understand how we protect your privacy, please read our privacy policy below, explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
On some pages, you can order products and/or make comments. The information we collect includes information about how to ship products to you, such as your name, address, telephone and email.
Credit Card Information
We do not store sensitive credit card information on our website. Your actual purchase will be made on the secure server located at PayPal Website Standards. You can be assured that we have control over every aspect of your web experience should you need remediation of any sort. Your sensitive credit card information is protected at PayPal, a trusted and experienced payment company. Please note: You do not need a PayPal account to make a purchase at our web store. PayPal now allows you to use MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express without a PayPal account. Simply follow the prompts to complete your purchase.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.
When you request a product to be shipped to a third party, we use the information you provide about the third party only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. Our family-friendly website is safe for viewing by children of all ages. We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by viewing the invoice of each purchase, as well as the pages of the website itself. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Connect
Like Us on Facebook
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 © Harvest Productions Ministries
Home
Shop
About
Blog
FAQ
Donate
Contact
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?