https://hssaz.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Skip to the menu
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Humane Society of Southern Arizona is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our donors. The following policy describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from our donors.
The Humane Society of Southern Arizona is responsible for this privacy policy. Please note, that when you enter any sub-sites accessible through hssaz.org, they may have different privacy policies specific to those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information from you when you mail a donation or submit an online donation form, apply to volunteer or foster, share an adoption or volunteer story, provide feedback, sign up for email updates, and mail or respond to any other type of communication such as e-mail, mailed collateral or phone call.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about donors and visits to our websites.
We also receive and store click-stream data and other information about visits to our websites which may be combined with personal information you have provided. This information is used to analyze and improve the website experience.
What is our donor privacy policy?
The Humane Society of Southern Arizona respects the privacy of our donors and is committed to the highest standards of ethics and integrity in all fundraising efforts. We therefore do not share, loan, trade, rent or sell our donor list to any other non-affiliated organization.
We collect and use information about our donors including name, address, phone number, email address and mailing preferences. In addition, we keep a record of each donor’s giving history. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used by our Development Department to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections and plan for the future or our organization. Information on our donors is password protected and may only be accessed by individuals who need such information to perform their assigned duties for the Humane Society of Southern Arizona. This includes individuals or companies who prepare mailings, enter or analyze data, visit donors, plan fundraising events, work in a fundraising capacity for the organization or prepare budgets and forecasts. The wishes of donors who prefer to remain anonymous will always be honored.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a promotion, survey or other website feature.
If you have provided your email address, we may send you periodic e-mails, to follow up on your inquiry specifically, or to inform you of Humane Society of Southern Arizona news, updates or services which may be of interest to you. If you would like to unsubscribe from HSSA mailing lists you may do so at any time.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They may also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help the Humane Society of Southern Arizona conduct and improve its organization. These companies may use cookies to gather anonymous data about our visitors on our behalf. They do not collect or have access to personally identifiable information like email, credit card numbers, phone numbers, or names.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services may not function properly.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. The term “outside parties” does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting company business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, aggregate non-personally identifiable visitor information (such as web site traffic statistics) may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove, or modify information that you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail, phone or mailed communication preferences or completely opt-out of receiving e-mail or mailings from us, please let us know by contacting us via email at marketing@hssaz.org or simply give us a call at 520-327-6088, ext. 184. There is always an ‘Unsubscribe’ link in all e-mail newsletters to allow you to do so yourself.
Additional Information
Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on February 18. 2020.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Terms and conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy