https://hssonline.org/about/annual-meeting-privacy-policy/
Purpose of Collecting Your Information
By submitting to or registering to attend the History of Science Society (hereafter, HSS) Annual Meeting, you will be entering into a contract with HSS and it will be necessary for HSS to collect your personal data in order to perform HSS’s contractual obligation to you, including evaluating abstracts, processing registration applications, registration fees, printing name badges, providing information to meeting participants, planning for sessions and related events, and making all necessary logistic arrangements for the HSS Annual Meeting.
Information We Collect
The types of personally identifiable information HSS collects includes name, email address, affiliation, and demographic information. HSS may also collect information that does not identify you personally, such as the area of interest and field of work, so HSS may utilize the information collected to prepare programs most relevant and beneficial to HSS Annual Meeting participants and HSS members.
HSS may continue to use information you provided to us through the HSS Annual Meeting abstract submission or registration process (which includes information submitted through online forms or websites on the HSS domain or subdomains thereof ) to further HSS’s mission purpose and benefit HSS members. Any user who gives consent to personal data (i.e., a data subject) can withdraw consent at any time by contacting the History of Science Society.
How We Share and Disclose Information
It is HSS’s general policy not to share, sell, or rent information you provided through the HSS Annual Meeting submission or registration process to any third party processors for their promotional use or for marketing purposes. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional information from HSS by following the “unsubscribe” instructions included as part of email communication.
HSS Agents: HSS contracts with third parties to process abstracts and registration of the HSS Annual Meeting. In addition, your personal information may be used within HSS or by a company acting as an agent of HSS to provide operational support pertaining to the HSS Annual Meeting, including but not limited to payment through Stripe and Paypal Express, system maintenance, printing, emailing, mailing, and surveying.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, HSS may disclose your personal information as required by law or as needed in legal proceedings when HSS believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Data Security
When you submit information for the HSS Annual Meeting, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although HSS and its agents and data processors take reasonable security measures to protect your information when we receive it, you also need to ensure you take appropriate steps to protect your information, such as refraining from transmitting information through open WiFi connection.
Cookie Policy
“Cookies” are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user’s hard disk for future use. The HSS Annual Meeting websites use cookies for functional purposes to keep the content of the website up-to-date and running. These websites also use Cookies for analytical purposes to quantify the visits (traffic) on the website. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, if the user declines the attachment of any cookie, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the website.
Photography
Upon registering for a HSS event, you are providing HSS the irrevocable right to use your photograph. Such use may include but is not limited to hosting photographs on the Society or related website(s), social media or email campaigns, or in promotional materials. Any claim to remove a photograph from a website or media controlled by HSS must be submitted via the contact form on the meeting website or by email to HSS. Whenever possible, HSS will honor such requests; however, the Society will not guarantee the removal of photographs.
About HSSGovernanceStatement on Scholarly ConductSocial Media PolicyGuide for Dealing with Online HarassmentAnnual Meeting Privacy PolicyStatementsInterest Groups, Caucuses, and AffiliatesHistory of the SocietyHonors & AwardsMember NewsHistory of Science Society Strategic Plan - 2014Respectful Behavior PolicyContact Us
Donate
Join HSS
Virtual Forum
Volunteer
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Post a Job or Conference
An open access discovery service for the history of science
Search
Member News and News from the ProfessionThe American Council of Learned Societies Invites Proposals to Host 2021 Leading Edge Fellows – Deadline January 18, 202124 November 2020Call for thematic dossiers: HoST – Journal of History of Science and Technology (2022)24 November 2020CfP: Applied Arts of Alchemy Virtual Symposium19 November 2020Teaching the COVID-19 Archive19 November 2020Hagley History Hangout/New Episode Available!19 November 2020
View More »
Search for:
We use technical and analytic cookies in order to provide the best experience on our website.Accept & Close