https://humantraffickinghotline.org/privacy-policy-and-terms#textline
Skip to main content
Quick Exit
Get Help
+
Get Help
Call 1-888-373-7888
1-888-373-7888
TTY: 711
TTY: 711
Live Chat
Chat
Text: 233733
*Text: 233733
24/7 Confidential
Privacy Policy and Terms
Share
Information We Collect
The National Human Trafficking Hotline may collect limited demographic and geo-locational information in order to conduct our operations. Any information that is retained is core to our evaluation of services provided to persons contacting the hotline. Personally identifiable information is in no way cross-verified without an individual’s explicit, documented consent and will only be shared with service providers who help us achieve our core operations. In addition, such service providers may only use such information for the purposes for which we engaged them. Read our Confidentiality Policy here.
Use of Information
In addition to providing services, the National Hotline may use or share aggregate information collected from cases reported to the hotline to analyze trends, produce reports regarding such trends, or publish heat maps.
Digital Services
Opt-Out Policy
The National Hotline gives users options for non-digital services when necessary and practical. Such choices include opting not to engage in digital services and opting not to provide identifiable information during interactions with specialists. Users concerned for their physical safety and well-being are encouraged to contact National Hotline at 1-888-373-7888.
Textline Terms and Conditions
Before using or accessing the services provided by the National Human Trafficking Textline (the "Textline"), please read the following. By accessing or using the Textline you agree to these Terms of Service (the “Terms of Service”) and the Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” and together with the Terms of Service, the “Terms”) described below. These Terms govern your access to and use of the Textline. You may contact the National Human Trafficking Textline by e-mail at help@humantraffickinghotline.org with questions about these Terms.
If you don’t agree to these Terms, you may not use the Service. If you no longer wish to receive messages, you may opt out at any time by texting the word STOP to the short code.
Please note that your participation in the Textline does not constitute an attorney-client relationship, a doctor-patient relationship, a therapist-client relationship or any other sort of confidential relationship. If you believe you are in imminent danger or need emergency help, call 911 or local emergency response authorities immediately.
You assume any risk for use of the Textline. Neither Polaris nor any of our employees, Crisis Counselors, agents, service providers or any other entities with whom Polaris has contracted, shall have any liability for or in connection with actions taken or not taken by you or a third party, during, after, or as a result of your use of the Textline.
We take your privacy and security very seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy above.
1 . When you opt-in to the service, we will send you an SMS message to begin a conversation.
2 . You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will immediately stop responding. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to initiate a conversation, just text us as you did the first time and we will resume sending SMS messages to you again.
3 . If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text "HELP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "HELP" to us, we will begin a conversation and answer any questions you may have about our service.
4 . We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel,  Virgin Mobile, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless). ***Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages***
5 . As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. You will receive one to three messages for every message you send to us. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
You may use the Textline only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms. You agree not to use the Textline:
in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local and international law or regulation;
to threaten, harass, or otherwise inappropriately abuse National Human Trafficking Textline, its employees, partners, agents, subcontractors, Crisis Responders or others;
to “spam,” gather or attempt to gather personal information belonging to users or others for the purposes of spamming, marketing, selling to third parties or otherwise abusing National Human Trafficking Textline or its users;
to impersonate or attempt to impersonate another person or entity; or
to otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Textline.
For all questions about the services provided by this short code, you can send an email to help@humantraffickinghotline.org.
Online Tips
Submitting a tip online via the Confidential Online Reporting form constitutes an agreement and understanding of privacy policy. We collect IP addresses in addition to any information completed on the form. If at any time a user feels that their safety or privacy may be compromised due to their use of this service, the interaction can be escalated to phone-based services.
Notification of Policy Changes
We reserve the right to change, modify or add to our privacy practices and tips policy to protect the ethical standards provided or to meet the changing demands of digital advocacy. Notification of any changes to the National Hotline privacy policy will be posted to the National Hotline website or other appropriate location so as to adequately inform digital service users of these revisions. We encourage you to please review it frequently.
Other Policies
Learn more information about the National Hotline's procedures after receiving a tip or the National Hotline’s confidentiality policy.
Use of Website
Our web servers automatically collect non-personal information such as the domain name of the Internet access provider, the Internet protocol address used to connect the computer to the Internet, the average time spent on our website, pages viewed, information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics. Learn more about staying safe online.