http://huuweb.org/privacy-policy.htm
Home
About Us
Who We Are - HUU
History of HUU
HUU Bylaws
About UUism
Principles & Purposes
Mission Statement
Guest Ministers
FAQ
Newcomers and Visitors
Covenant of Beloved Community
Long Range Planning Committee Report
20th Anniversary Memories
What's Happening
Events Calendar
E-Newsletter
Sermon Archives
Sunday Services
HUU Choir
Other Activities
Community News
Mailing Lists
Community Cafe
Getting the Word Out at HUU
Board Meeting Minutes
Programs & Services
Children's Religious Exploration
Conscious Living Adult (Adult RE)
Covenant Groups
Giving to HUU
Red Tent Book Group
Caring Circle
Social Justice
Putting You In HUU
Becoming a Member
HUU Volunteer Schedule - Lotsa Helping Hands
Volunteer Opportunities
HUU Committees
Chalice Lighters Program
Members Portal
Worship Service Materials
Fair Trade Coffee Program
Directions
Contact Us
Harrisonburg Unitarian Universalists - HUU Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the
visitor’s domain name, IP address, and browser software. It may also recognize their
operating system and the site from which the visitor linked to us. It does not harvest
email addresses or any personal information. We do not set any cookies.
We use this information only to determine trends in peak activity, determine
the number of visitors, track which of our pages they visit, and to ensure our links
are working properly. This information is not shared with other organizations or
individuals.
Volunteering personal data
You can visit our web site without revealing any personal information. You may
voluntarily submit your email address or other personally identifying data to take
part in an activity on the site, such as to sign up for a mailing list, asking that
an event be published or updating your contact information. We do not share our
contact lists with other organizations.
Use By Children
If you are under 13, be sure to obtain your parent's or guardian's permission
before you send any personal information (for example, your name, address, e-mail
address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the Internet. We encourage parents to get
involved with their children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in
which they are participating. See
COPPA.
Use of Photos
We occasionally include photographs taken by members of church activities on
our website. In order to protect the privacy of HUU members and friends, we generally
do not provide personal identification information along with photographs. In cases
where identification is warranted, it will only be included with the permission
of the person or parent of the person being photographed. If you see a photograph
of yourself or your child that you prefer not be included on the site, or if you
would like to insure that no photo of your child is used on the site, feel free
to contact the
Webmaster@HUUweb.org. We'll make the necessary arrangements to
comply with your request. All copyrights remain with the original photographer.
Use of Names
The names of members and friends are mentioned on the website, particularly in
articles from the HUU Review newsletter. In order to protect the privacy of these
individuals, personal identification information, such as images, phone number,
address, or email can be removed. A [name withheld] notation can be substituted
where a persons name would usually appear.  If you wish to have your name removed
from the website, please contact
Webmaster@HUUweb.org
Offsite Links Disclaimer
Some of the links on this site lead to resources outside the HUUweb.org domain.
The presence of these links should not be taken as an endorsement by HUU of these
sites or their content. HUU makes no guarantee or warranty, express or implied,
concerning the content or accuracy of any material on or obtainable from any offsite
links. Please contact the website owners of those sites directly for any questions
regarding their material.
Information Accuracy
HUU makes every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and
accurate. However, if inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them
in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about HUU's
Privacy Policy, please contact the Webmaster
Cookies
This site does make use of cookies in order to learn how people find it. No personal
information is gathered. Nor is any spyware left on your computer. Any cookies from
this site may be deleted without interfering with your use of the site.
Updates to our policy
We may occasionally update this policy. If so, we will post revisions here.
Powered By IconCMO
Donate Online
Search
This Site
For the latest sermons and events at HUU, visit
our Community
Cafe.
Covid-19 Contingency Plans at HUU
Inclement Weather
Policy
Worship
Service Materials
Follow HUU on Facebook
UUs on YouTube
Our denomination has an official presence on YouTube!  The
Unitarian
Universalist Association's YouTube site includes several videos
and lots of interesting commentary.
Harrisonburg Unitarian Universalists 4101 Rawley Pike | Harrisonburg,
VA 22801Mailing Address: | PO Box 96 | Harrisonburg, VA 22803
|  (540) 867-0073 | Webmaster
HUU is a member of the Southern
Region  of the Unitarian Universalist
AssociationCopyright © 2001 - 2019 Harrisonburg Unitarian Universalists
- All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy & DisclaimerSite Design & Maintainence : Expression
Web Tutorials & Templates