https://iamcafe.com/legal-privacy/
Legal & Privacy - I AM CAFE
Company
Philosophy
Team
CAFE experience
Lifestyle
Events & Initiatives
Connections
Education
Corporate Responsibility
Where Does It Come From?
Blog
Trending
News & Media
Contact
Locations
Shop Online
Mail Order
Same Day Delivery Toronto & GTA
In-Store Pickup Fort York
In-Store Pickup Harbord
In-Store Pickup Bloor
In-Store Pickup St. Clair
PRESS “ENTER” TO SEARCH
Legal & Privacy
HomeLegal & Privacy
CAFE Membership Agreement
NO RESELLING. NO SHARING: We provide medicinal cannabis for you only. Any reselling or sharing of your medicine is forbidden. If you are caught reselling any products purchased from the CAFE you will be permanently banned from receiving services.BE RESPONSIBLE: You understand that cannabis and cannabis products, like any medicine, must be stored and used responsibly.IMPAIRMENT: Cannabis may cause temporary impairment of motor functions, coordination and cognitive function such as short-term memory. Edible cannabis products often require additional time to take effect and can have more powerful effects than smoked or vaporized cannabis. Edibles should be used with caution at all times. Do not swim, drive or operate heavy machinery if you are impaired by the use of cannabis.ALCOHOL: Cannabis mixed with alcohol can cause the effects of each to be more intense and increase impairment. Use caution whenever you combine medicines with other substances. We recommend limiting or stopping your intake of alcohol when using cannabis products.DRUG INTERACTIONS: Cannabis may have negative interactions with certain pharmaceutical drugs. Please consult a physician before using cannabis products with other drugs.CARDIAC: Cannabis causes temporary increases in heart rate coupled with decreased blood pressure. This can cause temporary light-headedness and dizziness, particularly if you stand up quickly after injection. If you have severe anxiety, cardiac or blood pressure issues, or are taking digitalis or other medications for heart related issues, please consult with a physician before using cannabis products.NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES: CAFE makes no guarantees, representations or warranties, express or implied, about the effectiveness of cannabis for your particular medical condition or symptoms.I accept that the CAFE makes no guarantees or medical claims, and I hereby agree for myself, my heirs and executors to waive any claims against the CAFE and its employees.I will not use or expose my medicine to the public and agree to keep all products sealed until I am off propertyNo minors (those under the age of 19) may enter CAFE at any time including babies, small children but excludes dogs.INSTORE Membership ConductA. All people must present legal document to show proof of ageB. No consumption of cannabis products on the premises or on the street around the property. No smoking within 50 feet of the business entrance.C. Personal conduct must be in a respectable adult manner at all times. No loud, abusive language or loud radios. No loitering.I have read and understand the above requirements and agree to follow these guidelines.Violations of these regulations shall be grounds for disbarment from the website and/or shop locations.
Go Top
Are you 19 or older?
Yes, I am
No, I am not
If you keep seeing this age prompt whenever you visit iamcafe.com, please enable cookies in your web browser. Thank you!
Pandemic Preparedness
In light of the evolving COVID-19 situation around the world, it is natural to be concerned about your safety, especially when visiting a retail location.
We’d like to reassure you of our commitment to the health & safety of our customers & staff, with the following changes to our day-to-day operations
Learn More
CLOSE
Subscribe to our newsletter and stay in the know.
iamcafe.official
BY FOLLOWING THIS PAGE YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE 19 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER
This Saturday, October 10th, visit any one of the
CONTEST: Do you Grow? Let us know!
Whether you’
Croptober is the busy harvest season for outdoor c
Canada Grows discovers the best indoor and outdoor
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
Instagram
Facebook
Info
Philosophy
Team
The CAFE
News
Contact
Customer Service
Need Help?
Locations
Frequently Asked Questions
Returns & Exchange Policy
General
Blog
Education
Events & Initiatives
© 2020. Cannabis and Fine Edibles.
Sitemap Privacy & Legal Press