https://iaopc.site-ym.com/page/privacy
Privacy Policy - International Association of Pet Cemeteries and Crematories
Join | Contact Us | Sign In
Find a member in your area
The Recognized Leader in Pet Aftercare
Toggle navigationMENUHomeAbout Us Board of DirectorsCode of EthicsScholarship ProgramAdvertiseDonate to IAOPCCMembership Membership BenefitsMember DirectoryJoin IAOPCCAccreditationEducation ConferencesConference Highlights AustraliaExhibitors and SponsorsCertified Pet Crematory Operator ClassPet Bereavement Specialist ClassPet Owners Who is the IAOPCC?Why Choose an IAOPCC Provider? You Have ChoicesFAQsWhat to Expect from IAOPCC MemberSupport a FriendNational Pet Memorial DayMember Center Manage My ProfilePresident's MessageFrom Your Executive DirectorAccreditationBecoming AccreditedCPCO OnlineBest PracticesNews & Views IssuesSuppliersPress ReleasesRecent Certifications
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Policy
Share
|
Commitment to Privacy
Last modified April 2018
Your privacy is important to IAOPCC. We want you to feel confident visiting our website and engaging with our association. This Privacy Policy outlines our privacy practices regarding information collected by us at this website, and lists the types of data we collect, explains how we use and protect that data, and discloses our key procedures surrounding privacy. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and how you can participate in that commitment. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version here, and the new version will become effective immediately.
Correcting or Updating Your Information and Contacting Us. You can always update your information that you have provided to us and/or change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts from IAOPCC by contacting association headquarters at 1-800-952-5541 or info@iaopc.com.  Please note that it may take up to 20 business  days to be removed from our mail lists and 5 days to be removed from e-mail and phone lists.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, membership and/or conference registration, merchandise purchase or other direct contact from you. We will not to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us or filled out a form on the website. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about association news, membership, services, products, and/or changes to this privacy policy.
Cookies. Technologies such as cookies and script tags are used by our website, emails, and analytics. These technologies are used in many ways, including advertising, analyzing trends, administering and improving the website, tracking users’ movements around the website (including point of entry), gathering demographic information about our user base, verifying login status, measuring the success of a particular marketing campaign, providing improved customer service, proving more relevant content, deterring or detecting fraud, and providing users with a customized experience.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
Access to and Control Over Information. You may opt out of any future contacts (via email or mail) from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Event Registration. You may be asked, on behalf of your company, to complete registration/activation form(s) on this website or from within the event, with contact information for use by IAOPCC  in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Registration or activation information may include the name of your company, contact information, product information, customer ID, network and operating system, and other relevant information.
Individual Profile. We also collect information when you create a individual profile or other account on this website, which is required in order to access certain areas of this website, register for events and purchase products. This information includes company name and contact information and other information about you and your company. We use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy to identify you, process your requests and administer your individual membership profile.
Links. This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Newsletters. When you subscribe or sign up to receive newsletters published or offered via IAOPCC, we will ask you for information necessary to enable us to process your request and to send you information regarding our products and services.
Security. We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline by using secure data process for protecting your individual data and dispose of appropriately. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or membership services) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing. We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We will only share certain personal information with our partners, third-party service providers, our affiliates, and for legal reasons. We will not provide our partners with your credit card information.
We may also share non-personal information with any third-party, including the media, industry observers, marketing and advertising partners, vendors, customers, and potential customers or partners. For example, we may disclose mobile search trends, email open rates by industry, campaign best practices or the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on our sites or evaluated or purchased anything through our association.
We partner with  other companies to provide specific services, such as email marketing, event registration, membership database, and web development. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Surveys, Evaluations, & Contests. From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys, evaluations, or contests. Participation in these surveys, evaluations, or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy. IAOPCC may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the then current policy to this website. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy.
Choice/Opt-Out. You have a choice about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, and you may opt out at any time by unsubscribing or changing your preferences. You can also contact association headquarters at 1-800-952-5541 or via info@iaopc.com.
To manage the information we receive about you from social networking sites or any other third party, you will need to follow the instructions from that party for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The information we collect is covered by this privacy statement and the information the third-party collects is subject to such third party’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on any third-party site will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our website.
If an individual profile was created without your knowledge or authorization, please contact us at info@iaopc.com to request removal of the individual profile.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-952-5541 or via email (info@iaopc.com).
Member Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Calendar
more
The upcoming calendar is currently empty.Click here to view past events and photos »
PET OWNERS PLEASE NOTE: Former members are not entitled to use the IAOPCC membership logo. Please be sure to check our Membership Directory and verify that the Cemetery/Crematory is in fact a current member in good standing and not just borrowing the logo, or you may contact the Home Office directly at 1-800-952-5541 or info@iaopc.com.
750 US Highway 202, Suite 200, Bridgewater, NJ 08807 | Toll Free: 1-800-952-5541 • Fax 908-450-1398 • info@iaopc.com
© Copyright 2018 IAOPCC | Privacy Policy
Membership Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal