http://ibka.org/index.php/en/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
IBKA
Information about the processing of your data according to Art. 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Person responsible and Data Protection Officer
Responsible for this website is:
Internationaler Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten e.V.
c / o Rainer Ponitka
Limburger Str. 55
53919 Weilerswist-Lommersum
Tel.: +49 (0) 2251 9596960
E-Mail: infospamschutzbitteentfernen@ibka.org
Web: www.ibka.org
Authorized representatives:
René Hartmann, Heike Jackler
Registration court:
District Court (Amtsgericht) Berlin-Charlottenburg
Registration number:
VR 5313 Nz
Responsible for content:
René Hartmann
The data protection officer of IBKA can be reached by e-mail at: datenschutzspamschutzbitteentfernen@ibka.org
1. Personal data when visiting this website
a. What data is collected and processed when visiting this website?
Each time you access content on the site, data is temporarily stored that may permit identification. The following data is collected with each access:
Date and time of access
IP address
Host name of the accessing computer
Website from which the website was accessed
Visited page on our website
Status code of the access
Amount of data transferred
Information about the browser type and version used
Operating system
When individual pages are called, so-called temporary cookies are used for technical service provision. These session cookies contain no personal data and expire after the visit to the website.
Note: You can set your browser to not accept cookies and still use this website without restrictions.
A statistics program only collects anonymous data on the number of visits and visitors to ibka.org. This is necessary for our internal evaluation of visitor numbers.
b. For what purpose is data collected and processed?
The sole purpose of the data collection (creation of the log files) is the provision of the website.
The temporary storage of the data is required for the expiry of a website visit in order to enable the delivery of the website. Further storage in log files takes place to ensure the functionality of the website and the security of information technology systems. In these purposes, our legitimate interest is in the data processing.
c. On which legal basis are these data processed?
The data are processed on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
d. Who has access to the data and when will it be deleted?
The website is hosted at 1 & 1 IONOS SE, Elgendorfer Str. 57, 56410 Montabaur, E-Mail: info@ionos.de. The hoster receives the above data as a processor.
The log files are only accessible to administrators of the IBKA and the server host and only for the purpose of maintaining the functioning of the website and to ward off attacks. For this purpose, this data is kept for a maximum of 14 days.
2. Rights of persons affected
Right to objection, information, correction and deletion
hese rights can only be claimed to a limited extent since only data for the provision of the website are collected and this storage of the log files is required for the operation of the website. The collection and processing of data is therefore not based on a consent under Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR or on a contract under Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR but justified under Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The requirements of Art. 20 para. 1 GDPR are therefore not fulfilled in this respect. As a result, no right to contradiction arises.
Right to complain
If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates data protection law, then Art. 77 para. 1 GDPR gives you the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority of your own choice. This includes the data protection supervisory authority responsible for the responsible person: Land Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information North Rhine-Westphalia, PO Box 20 04 44, 40102 Düsseldorf, 0211 / 38424-0, poststelle@ldi.nrw.de.
3. Special processing situations
On ibka.org there are several contact forms where you can voluntarily submit information. These data are required for the clearly identifiable purpose, are submitted only to the respective persons within IBKA and are deleted after fulfillment of the purpose on the basis of our deletion periods.
By submitting the respective form you agree to the data processing by IBKA. You may exercise your right of access, correction, cancellation and your right to object to processing at any time and without stating reasons. Should this lead to the termination of your IBKA membership, we will draw your attention to it. Please note the information on notice periods and retention obligations beyond the membership in the application.
Examples are:
If you click on the Twitter logo or on the list of IBKA tweets on Twitter, the company Twitter will collect and evaluate your contact and usage data in a third country (USA).
Contacting
If you send data to IBKA via this form, it will be transmitted to the IBKA office and board and used only for the purpose of contacting you.
Application for IBKA membership
If you send data to IBKA via this form, it will be transmitted to the IBKA office and board and used only for the purpose of contacting you (= application for membership).
Registration / registration in the internal area for the reception of the e-mail newsletter
If you send data to IBKA via this form, they will be transmitted to the administrator of the newsletter mailing list and used only for the purpose of newsletter subscription management.
Tweets by @IBKAorg
Footer menu
Privacy Policy
Home
Impressum
Contact
Copyright 2018 IBKA e.V.