https://icdi.nl/privacy
Menu
Privacy statement
This is the website privacy statement of International Child Development Initiatives (ICDI).
We are a not-for-profit international nongovernmental organization (NGO), located in Leiden, the Netherlands and registered in the Dutch Trade Registry (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 41169161.
Our office address is Hooglandse Kerkgracht 17F, 2312 HS Leiden, the Netherlands.
At ICDI, we like to keep in touch with you via our website and social media about the vital work we do for children around the world.
Why this statement?
Data protection is a priority for ICDI. We are committed to the protection of your privacy and confidentiality.
This statement is part of the ICDI privacy policy, which complies with Dutch law and with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
You have rights in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We invite you to take a moment now and read the information about all your rights here. If you wish to exercise any of these rights in regards to the processing and control of your personal data, please contact us at icdi@icdi.nl
Which type of information we collect and process about you?
Information we collect and process with your consent
Through certain actions, such as when you visit our website or ask us to provide you more information about our activities and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide broad information, for example, to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at icdi@icdi.nl
Information we collect and process because of legal obligations
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with statutory obligations.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation, such as a court order. This may include your personal information.
Information we collect through automated systems
The information we collect and process in this way have the following purposes:
to facilitate your use of our website;
to uphold the technical functionality of our website and our visitors’ user experience;
to be able to prepare anonymised statistics about the use of our website.
The means we use are:
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website. They allow a website to provide you with a personalised experience, and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
If you do not want us to use cookies, you may disable their use in the privacy settings of your browser. Find more detailed information on disabling cookies here and in the Help function of your browser.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function) to measure use and performance of our website. The information we collect through Google Analytics is anonymous and only used as aggregated data. We do not allow Google to use the acquired analytical data with other Google services.
For more information on the Google Analytics privacy policy, please click here.
If any of these ways change, and if required by law, we shall notify you of the change and of any new way under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
How do we use your information?
Disclosure and sharing of your information
We will not sell or rent out your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. Your personal information will be kept confidential, and will only be used in connection with the purposes for which it is submitted.
ICDI maintains appropriate and adequate technical and organisational measures in an effective way in order to protect personal data against loss or any form of unauthorized processing and/or access by third parties.
Very rarely, it might happen that we may pass your information to our third party service providers, or other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process donations, or analyse general data). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information safe.
Any data leaks that might occur despite the precautions we take will be immediately reported to the authorities.
Data processed outside the European Union
Our website is hosted in the Netherlands. However, we work with donors and partners (research and non-profit organizations) from all over the world. Accordingly, data obtained within the Netherlands or any other country might be sometimes processed outside the European Union.
In such cases, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this statement.
If you use our website while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with access.
How do we protect your information?
We shall provide appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against loss or against any form of unlawful processing and shall impose such security obligations on any data processor we shall enlist. For example, we, or our data processor(s), shall use servers that have been placed in a controlled, secure environment, protected against unauthorised access.
How can you access and remove your information?
We keep records only for as long as they are needed for us to conduct our activities and to comply with our legal obligations.At any time you may request to access, review, update or delete personally identifiable information that we hold about you. You may do so by contacting us at icdi@icdi.nlWhen we receive such requests, we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information. We will also inform you about the timelines to complete your request.
Hyperlinks and third parties’ websites
On the ICDI website several links to websites of third parties can be found. ICDI is neither responsible nor liable for the content and collection of personal data through these websites.This privacy statement applies only to our website, so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites, even if you access those using links from our website.In addition, if you are linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Children’s information
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children under 18. If you are younger than 18‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide anyone with your personal information.
Contact us
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to have activities. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we would like to hear from you. Please contact us at icdi@icdi.nlIf you want to exercise one of your rights, or when you have a complaint concerning the processing of your data, ICDI is happy to help you resolve that. Please contact us at icdi@icdi.nlPlease consider that, ultimately, it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
Contact details ›
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may update this statement from time to time as necessary. Therefore we recommend users to consult this webpage regularly.The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website.If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at icdi@icdi.nlLast update: 20 May 2018
Menu
Who we are
Our staff
Our board
Committee of Recommendation
Annual reports
What we do
Training
Research
Advice
Partnership
Tools
Projects
News
Contact
Get involved