https://icsid.worldbank.org/about/content/privacy-agreement
Skip to main content
Welcome to the new ICSID website.
Click here to visit the old site
About ICSID
Overview
Member States
Secretariat
Panels of Arbitrators and of Conciliators
Young ICSID
Privacy Agreement
I. Introduction
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of the ICSID website (the “Site”) and its services, we want to ensure that you fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This Privacy Agreement discloses what information we gather through the Site and how we use it. It is part of the User Agreement that governs the use of and access to the Site.
II. What Information Does ICSID Collect?
Personal information
If you register for email updates or upload a curriculum vitae in the arbitrator, conciliator and committee member database, you may be asked for information that helps to identify you, such as your name, email address, and organization. The information you are asked to provide is used for technical and customer administration of the Site only and is not shared with third parties.
If you provide personal information to register for email updates, you have no direct access to that information stored in our server. If you wish to modify or delete your personal data, or want to know what information is stored on your behalf, please contact us using the contact information provided below in Section V. Any personal information used to create an account for the purposes of ICSID's databases may be modified or deleted by accessing the account.
Non-personally identifiable information
ICSID, through the World Bank , has contracted with a third-party vendor to track and analyze information about the usage of the Site, which is within the worldbank.org domain name. All data collected by the vendor, Omniture, is owned and used by the World Bank.
Only summaries of visitors’ behavior are produced. Examples of this type of information include statistics on most popular and least popular pages. None of this information collected can be traced back to a particular individual or used to identify Site visitors.
The purpose of this data collection is to help us better understand the preferences of visitors and improve our Site and services. This information is never connected with any personal information you supply to ICSID by registering on the Site.
Use of cookies and web beacons
When you register for one of our services, ICSID sets a cookie, a small bit of code stored on your computer's hard drive, that enables you to manage your subscriptions and online profile. By setting this cookie, ICSID will remember you the next time you visit the Site and will not need to ask you to re-enter certain information you have already provided. Additionally, Omniture, the vendor we use for the analysis of Site usage, uses cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIFs) to track behavior and sets cookies on behalf of the World Bank.
You are always free to decline these cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services.
IP Addresses
ICSID also records your IP address, which is the Internet address of your computer, and information such as your browser type and operating system. This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our Site visitors and the technology they use to access the Site.
III. What If I Don't Want to Share My Information?
Registering on the Site is optional. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use the Site. However, you will not be able to receive email updates.
If you choose to register on our Site, ICSID will not share, sell, distribute or rent your information to anyone. Your e-mail address will never be shared with any third-party for marketing purposes and will be kept strictly confidential.
IV. Security
ICSID employs a range of technologies to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. ICSID, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of the information.
V. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Agreement, please contact us at:
ICSID
1818 H Street, N.W.MSN C3-300
Washington, D.C. 20433
U.S.A.
Phone No. (202) 458-1534
Fax No. (202) 522-2615
e-mail: ICSIDsecretariat@worldbank.org
VI. Notification of Changes
If there are any changes to this privacy policy, they will be reflected in the then-current version of this Privacy Policy posted on the Site and on our registration pages so that you are completely aware of how the changes will affect you.
Glossary
Cookie: A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Once the user has closed the browser the cookie will no longer be accessed during that session.
IP Address: When your web browser or email application requests a webpage or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address." (IP stands for "Internet protocol.") For many users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider (ISP), the IP address will be different every time you log on.
Web Beacons: Also known as "clear gifs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags," these are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages.