https://ifol.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
IFL Privacy Statement
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Islamic Foundation of Lincoln. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Islamic Foundation of Lincoln for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Islamic Foundation of Lincoln public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Islamic Foundation of Lincoln does not read any of your private online communications.
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Islamic Foundation of Lincoln so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln and Islamic Foundation of Lincoln family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln collects and uses your personal information to operate the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Islamic Foundation of Lincoln and its affiliates. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Islamic Foundation of Lincoln may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Islamic Foundation of Lincoln, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Islamic Foundation of Lincoln, in order to determine what Islamic Foundation of Lincoln services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Islamic Foundation of Lincoln to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Islamic Foundation of Lincoln or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Islamic Foundation of Lincoln; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Islamic Foundation of Lincoln, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Islamic Foundation of Lincoln pages, or register with Islamic Foundation of Lincoln site or services, a cookie helps Islamic Foundation of Lincoln to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Islamic Foundation of Lincoln Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Islamic Foundation of Lincoln services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Islamic Foundation of Lincoln encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Islamic Foundation of Lincoln is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Islamic Foundation of Lincoln has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Islamic Foundation of Lincoln. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
July 7, 2019
Fayaz Ahmed
News
Your Donation Toward our Masjid Donating online is faster,
easier, and secure.
Daily Prayer Times
FRIDAY PRAYER TIME
AT 1:30 PM
Islamic Calendar (Gregorian/Hijri)
Like Our Facebook Page
Islamic Foundation of Lincoln
Search for: