https://ihshawaii.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Print
This web site is owned and operated by or on behalf of IHS. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at:
IHS546 Ka’aahi StreetHonolulu, HI 96817(808) 447-2809Email: info@ihshawaii.org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
Our Policy
IHS does not sell, rent or share financial donor mailing lists with other non-profit or for profit organizations.
Is Credit Card Information Secure?
We care about the safety and security of your transaction. We use high-grade encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us. We process your gifts in-house and will send you a receipt of the transaction via regular post. Contributions may also be made by calling (808) 447-2810.
Is My Personal Information Secure?
Yes. We use high-grade encryption and https security protocols for financial transactions on our site.
We Care About Doing It Right
In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share with us, IHS works to accurately process your contribution information. During business hours, staff are available to answer any questions you may have about your financial donation. To speak to an IHS staff member, please email info@ihshawaii.org or call 808-447-2845.
IHS employs error checking procedures to ensure transactions are processed completely and accurately and changes are made to improve our systems, as needed. Additionally, independent external and internal audits are conducted to ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
The IHS Website Does Not Use “Cookies”.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
IHS welcomes children to learn more about our organization and, where appropriate, find opportunities to serve their communities through volunteer activities. However, we encourage this to be done only with parental knowledge and supervision. For this reason, IHS follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us with any questions about the operation of the site. We would love to hear from you!
Services
Housing Help
Outreach
Emergency Shelters
Specialty Shelters
Meals
Health Services
Family Programs
Case Management
Employment Services
Permanent Housing
news & events
In The News
Punahou Students Plan Homeward Bound Race
This Thanksgiving will be different. You may not...
Read More
In The News
Homeless Korean War veteran “Bunny” found permanent home with IHS help
William "Bunny" Wright, a Korean War veteran,...
Read More
Stay up to date with IHS News & Events
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Get the latest news in our work to end homelessness.
Don't show this popup again.