http://imagexmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWelcome to the IMAGEX MEDIA.com, owned and managed by IMAGEX MEDIA Inc. The IMAGEX MEDIA products and services are offered by IMAGEX MEDIA through web pages at IMAGEX MEDIA.com and are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. This statement discloses the privacy practices of the IMAGEX MEDIA.com site. By using the Products and Services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy.OUR PLEDGE TO YOUAt IMAGEX MEDIA we understand the importance of privacy. We treat our customers as part of our team and carefully protect all the information they have entrusted to us. The information we request from you will enable us to provide you with the highest levels of personal service and quality. We will not disclose any personal information to any external company or person, except as described above, without a customer’s informed consent unless we are required by law to disclose this information. With the growth of electronic media we recognize that it is necessary to take further steps to protect the privacy of the individual. We fully support the new Canadian legislation, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, in its role to protect the privacy of the individual. Our role in protecting an individual’s privacy does not stop with this Act. We maintain the security and confidentiality of the information disclosed by our customers according to the strictest standards. We are continually looking for additional ways to ensure that the personal information we hold is secure and used in a responsible and respectful manner. As such, we have appointed a person responsible for ensuring that the personal information entrusted to us is secure and will not be used for purposes other than what we require to deliver the service our customers deserve and expect.To summarize our commitment to Privacy, we have detailed the following promises:IMAGEX MEDIA only collects Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us.IMAGEX MEDIA uses your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to and processing your requests for our web-based products and services.IMAGEX MEDIA will only share your Personal Information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services or functions on our behalf or as required by law. IMAGEX MEDIA does not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone.SIGNING UPAny information you provide on our website is treated as securely as through any other business channel. We use standard encryption software (128 bit secure socket layer) that protects information as it is sent from your browser to our systems. Our data centres are protected by several layers of firewalls to ensure that only you can access your information. In general, we require similar information online to that which we require for you to make a booking over the phone with one of our sales representatives.INFORMATION ABOUT YOUOn all IMAGEX MEDIA pages that collect Personal Information, we specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service you have requested.IMAGEX MEDIA collects Personal Information when you:Hire us for servicesContact IMAGEX MEDIAAre contacted by a sales representative to whom you voluntarily provide your Personal InformationUSE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONInformation collected on IMAGEX MEDIA may be used to:Offer you additional IMAGEX MEDIA servicesSend marketing communications or surveys to youRespond to your questions or suggestionsImprove the quality of your visit to our siteIMAGEX MEDIA NEWSLETTERIMAGEX MEDIA’s Email newsletter provides regular updates and articles about IMAGEX MEDIA’s service offerings and industry trends you should be aware of. To sign up for this service, we ask that you provide us with your Email address, your country of residence and your postal code. You may unsubscribe at any time by using the link provided on every newsletter.INFORMATION USEDoes IMAGEX MEDIA collect any other information about visitors to the website? We constantly seek to improve our website and the online services we offer. As part of these efforts, we collect and analyze certain information about visitors to our website. This data includes (but is not limited to) domain and/or web browser information. We may track which website you visited before arriving at our site and the website you link to when you leave IMAGEX MEDIA.com. We may also keep a record of which pages you visit on our site and how long you spend on each page.We also use cookies on our site. Cookies are small pieces of information that our server places on a visitor’s computer hard drive to enable that person to use our site more easily. For example, we place a cookie on your computer when you visit our site. The next time that person visits our site using the same computer our server will recognize the cookie and the visitor. Many web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that if you reject cookies, certain parts of our website may not operate as efficiently as they would if cookies were enabled.COMPLAINTSIf you feel that IMAGEX MEDIA has not complied with this Privacy Policy or if you are otherwise concerned with IMAGEX MEDIA’s personal information practices, then you may file a complaint by sending an Email to sales@imagexmedia.com. Complaints or requests for information shall be the object of an investigation or response within 30 business days. If the complaint is justified, IMAGEX MEDIA will take the appropriate measures to address the complaint, including access to the requested information, by proceeding with rectification or, as the case may be, by amending its Policy and practices.The term IMAGEX MEDIA in this policy includes IMAGEX MEDIA inc. and any of our wholly owned subsidiaries.