https://immigrationcounselor.com/privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
ImmigrationCounselor.com treats your private information with the utmost care to guard your privacy. Please read our Privacy Policy below for more information.
1. Our Commitment to Privacy. This notice describes our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the Personally Identifiable Information you provide. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
2. What Information is Collected.
(a) Information You Provide to Us:
We collect the Personally Identifiable Information you choose to enter on various pages of our site, or that you may choose to give us in some other way (such as by email, physical mail, or by telephone). For example, you will be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information when you register for access to certain portions of our site, sign up for newsletters or mailings, or make a payment.
The categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect are your first and last name, e-mail address, physical address, and telephone number.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but you may not be able to take advantage of our services and features.
(b) Automatic Information:
When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. This site, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to our site.
(c) “Cookies”:
Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server.
We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information (such as items that you add to your shopping cart) record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or you can change your settings to refuse to accept cookies.
3. How and When the Information is Used. The information we collect is used for administering our business activities as follows:
(a) to improve the content of our site;
(b) to customize the content and/or layout of site pages for each individual visitor;
(c) used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site;
(d) shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, namely google.com and facebook.com;
(e) used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
4. How We Protect Your Information. The privacy and protection of your information is important to us. We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Your access to some services and content is password protected. We advise that you do not disclose your password to anyone. In addition, we recommend you sign out of password-protected services at the end of your session. You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this policy.
5. Who Has Access to the Information. Information about our users is important to us. Access to your information may be provided to third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site. In addition, we may sell our business or buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be transferred along with other assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order and we may disclose your information when we believe we are required to do so by law. We may disclose your information in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us and to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure.
6. Methods We Use to Protect Your Information. We use security software to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons.
7. Children. This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 18 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have received any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the address listed below.
8. How You Can Access Your Information. You can request access to all your personally identifiable information maintained by us by sending an e-mail to us at the address listed below. Upon request we offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in your personally identifiable information. You can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the address listed below.
9. Consent. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
10. Changes to Privacy Policy. If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to our website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change.
11. Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 01, 2018.
12. Contact E-Mail. You may contact us concerning this Privacy Policy by using any of the contact options show on this website.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.