https://immigrationlawdc.com/privacy-policy
1-877-526-8540 Contact UsWashington, DC Immigration LawAbout UsAreas of PracticeTestimonialsNewsVideoContact UsHome » Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyBeach-Oswald Immigration Law Associates respects your rights to privacy. Beach-Oswald utilizes the following practices in regards to any information Beach-Oswald is provided or obtains about users of Beach-Oswald website located at www.immigrationlawdc.com.Collection and Use of InformationUnless you provide additional information, Beach-Oswald collects only the following non-personal information as you browse through the Beach-Oswald website:the domain name and browser you use to access the Internet;the IP address of your computer;the date and time of your visit;the pages you visited; andthe address of the website you visited immediately prior to visiting the Beach-Oswald site.In order for you to register with the Site, fulfill transactions or receive services through the Site, Beach-Oswald may require you to provide more detailed information. Common items may include without limitation your name, mailing and email addresses and telephone number. When you request sales and/or promotional information through the Site, Beach-Oswald may collect such personal information as commercially or logistically necessary to complete your request. This information can include personal information relevant to your relationship to Beach-Oswald. This information can also include the credit card type, number and expiration date and other relevant information relating to any order for goods or services you place through the site.By accessing the Site, you are agreeing to allow Beach-Oswald to collect and utilize your information for any lawful purpose, including without limitation to complete all transactions you request through the Site and to disclose that information and details of all such transactions to Beach-Oswald various board committees and/or any necessary payment processors. Because of the nature of the Internet, your data may pass through any country.Beach-Oswald may send you promotional and informational materials using the email or mailing address you provided on the registration screens on the Site or via cookies. From time to time Beach-Oswald may notify you of special promotions, new products or services or other information that may interest you. Beach-Oswald will not send you this type of information if you inform Beach-Oswald you do not wish to receive such materials.Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, Beach-Oswald does NOT disclose any information you provide to Beach-Oswald with any entities outside Beach-Oswald, its affiliates or payment processors, unless required by law enforcement agencies or otherwise required by law.Beach-Oswald reserves the right to disclose information acquired through the Site to such law enforcement agencies, when Beach-Oswald believes, in good faith, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of other persons, or to comply with any law of the District of Columbia or the Federal Government of the United States of America.CookiesWhen you visit the Site, Beach-Oswald may place a record called a “cookie” within the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. In most cases, this information is temporary in nature (called session cookies) and is deleted as soon as you leave the Site and close your browser. The use of session cookies is solely for the purpose of allowing you to interact with the Site in an effective manner. In a few cases, the Site uses cookies to store information for a longer period than the current session (called persistent cookie). In those cases, the web page is clearly noted and the user can choose not to use that web page feature. Cookies enable the Site to recognize the information you have consented to give to the Site and help Beach-Oswald determine what portions of the Site are most appropriate for your needs. Beach-Oswald does NOT use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after leaving the Site.Outbound LinksThe Site contains links to third-party websites that are not under Beach-Oswald control. Beach-Oswald Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices, policies or content of any website that may be linked to or from the Site. Beach-Oswald makes no representations whatsoever about any other website to which you may have access through the Site. When you access a website other than Beach-Oswald site, you do so at your own risk. Beach-Oswald is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinion, software, advice, content or statements contained on third-party websites, or for the quality of any products or services available on these websites. Beach-Oswald provides links to third-party websites merely as a convenience to you and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Beach-Oswald endorses, recommends or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such third-party websites.No LiabilityBeach-Oswald will use commercially reasonable precautions to protect from misuse any information that Beach-Oswald collects from you through the Site. However, Beach-Oswald does not guarantee that any such information will not be misused or disclosed to third parties by means beyond our control. Beach-Oswald will not have any liability to you for any such misuse or disclosure.Additional InformationIf at any time you (i) believe that Beach-Oswald has not followed this Privacy Policy, (ii) would like to revise the information you provided to Beach-Oswald, (iii) feel that what Beach-Oswald currently has on record is incorrect or (iv) would like your information to be removed from Beach-Oswald system, email Beach-Oswald at www.immigrationlawdc.com and Beach-Oswald will make reasonable efforts to identify and correct the problem.Beach-Oswald may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion without notice. Your use of the Site will be subject to the most current version of the Privacy Policy posted on the Site at the time of such use.Visitors to the Site are bound by both this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, and you are advised to read them both thoroughly.