https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/help.html
Toggle navigation
Project Implicit
Take a test
About us
Education
Overview
About the IAT
Ethical considerations
Frequently Asked Questions
Project Implicit Health
Blog
Help
Contact us
Donate
ProjectImplicit
superman@hero.com
SIGN-OUT
LOG IN
TAKE A TEST
ABOUT US
EDUCATION
BLOG
HELP
CONTACT US
DONATE
Problems Completing the IAT
Where is my feedback?
Does my browser meet the minimum requirements?
Cannot access the tests (error message)
Taking the test on a mobile device (smartphone / iPad)
Blank screen
Red X
Cannot print
Locked up half way through
How are data privacy issues handled?
Where is my feedback?
Answer:
Your feedback appears on the final page of the study.
Once you exit the study, we have no way of accessing your results directly.
This is done to make sure that individual data stays confidential.
What type of browser will work in order to take the tests?
Answer: The tests are compatible with recent versions of common browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Safari. The following are the minimum system requirements:
Javascript must be enabled
Cookies must be enabled
Linux users must have common system fonts installed.
Mac users should not use Internet Explorer.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
I can't access the tests. When I click on a test, there is a message that says an error has occurred. What should I do?
Answer: There may have been a network error. You may want to wait and try again.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
Taking the test on a mobile device (smartphone / iPad)
Answer:
There are a couple of ways to get to our touch-compatible tests (which don't require the use of a keyboard): you may start a touch-compatible test
here .
Alternatively, when you visit implicit.harvard.edu, you should see a yellow banner appear at the top of the screen. Clicking that banner should lead you to tests that should work on your tablet or smartphone.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
I tried to take the IAT and all I saw was a blank screen -- no test. What's the problem?
Answer: There may be an error in the test
Please report the nature of your difficulties.
I tried to take the IAT and the program produced a red X and stopped. What's the problem?
Answer: When a word or picture is not
classified into the appropriate category, a red
X appears. Each
word or picture has one and only one correct classification.
For example, if you are sorting Old and Young faces and Good
and Bad words. All of the Old faces are categorized with the
key associated with 'Old', all of the Young faces with the
key associated with 'Young', all of the Good words with the
key associated with 'Good', and all of the Bad words with
the key associated with 'Bad'. If you make an error in
classification the program waits for you to make the other
response from the one you originally made before it
proceeds. If this happens for only a few items, the test may
still be useful for you. Nevertheless, you will be obliged
to give the response expected by the applet in order for the
test to proceed.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
When the test is
complete, and I try to print the results, I get a message that
reads "We are sorry, an error has occurred. Please try again
later." This has happened on two different occasions. Could
you help me figure out how to print the results?
Answer: Unfortunately, we don't
have control over whether or not the page will print -- that
is determined by the settings of your local computer. Here
are a few suggestions:
Try to save the page by going to File -> Save As
and saving it as a local file. Then close your browser and try to open it again and print it.
You can save the screen image and copy and paste it
into Word, and then print it. To do this, hit the "Print
Screen" key on your keyboard whenyour results are on the
screen. Then, open a word processing program such as
Microsoft Word. Hit CTRL+V to paste the image into a
document. That should create a document that you can
print.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
I was only able to get halfway
through the IATs and then it would lock up. What's wrong?
Answer: If at any time during the test you clicked outside of the test window (e.g., you responded
to an IM or checked your email), then the application will lose focus, and the IAT will stop responding to and recording your keystrokes.
In order to fix this, simply move your mouse over the box in the middle of the screen, and then left-click.
If you're still having troubles, please report the nature of your difficulties.
How are data privacy issues handled?
Answer: Please view our privacy policy here.
Log In
Take a Test
About Us
Education
Blog
Help
Contact Us
Donate
Copyright 2011 ProjectImplicit All rights Reserved Disclaimer Privacy Policy