https://indianpueblo.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Thank you for using Indianpueblo.org. Use of our site subjects you to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement (the “Agreement”). We reserve the right to change this site and these terms and conditions at any time. Accessing, browsing or otherwise using the site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement, so please read this agreement carefully before proceeding. The Indian Pueblo Cultural Center is a U.S. tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization. Please be sure to consult your tax advisor regarding the federal tax treatment of any donation transactions.
Use of Site
You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old or visiting the site under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to access and use the site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of shopping for personal items sold on the site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance. Any breach of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.
Except as permitted in the paragraph above, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise exploit this Site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by us in writing. You may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the Site or make any use of the Site for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by us in advance.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at our discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests.
We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the site. You will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site’s security.
Content provided on this site is solely for informational purposes. Submissions or opinions expressed on this Site are that of the individual expressing such Submission or opinion and may not reflect our opinions.
International Access
This Site may be accessed from countries other than the United States. This Site may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the United States. Any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the United States. If you access and use this Site outside the United States you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy practices are explained in our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this website. Your continued use of this site implies that you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by and accept its terms and conditions. You consent to the use of your personal information in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property
All text, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, “Content”), belongs exclusively to Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all Content on this Site (the “Compilation”) belongs exclusively to Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. The Content and the Compilation and the Software are all protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Indian Pueblo Cultural Center, Pueblo Harvest, Starbucks at Avanyu Plaza, Shumakolowa Native Arts, Shumakolowa Gifts, Indianpueblo.org, and other logos, design logos, taglines, slogans, trade names, or words are registered trademarks, trademarks, or service marks of Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. and the Indian Pueblo Cultural Center. The use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us. You may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent.
You shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any Content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under U.S. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses, or other harmful code or properties.
Reserve of Rights
All rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved to Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. or any other person or entity.
Reviews and Other User-Submitted Content
Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the site, anything that you submit or post to the site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, “Submissions”) is and will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.
In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other Content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments, and other Content that you post on this site, and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. You shall not use a false email address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or Content. We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Other Defects
We do not represent or warrant that the information, material, or software accessed from or through this website will be uninterrupted or free of errors, defects, viruses, or other harmful components, or that any such problems which are discovered will be corrected.
Links
Links and references to other websites are provided to you as a convenience only. We have not reviewed and do not expressly or implicitly endorse other websites or any information or material, or the accessibility thereof, via such links, and we do not assume any responsibility for any such other websites, information, or material posted thereon, or products or services offered thereon. This site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Risk of Loss
The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier pursuant to our standard Terms of Sale, which are outlined below.
Disclaimer and Limitation of liability
Except as otherwise provided in the standard Terms of Sale (outlined below) that govern the sale of each product on this site, the products offered for sale on it and the transactions conducted through it are provided by us on an “as is” basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, quiet enjoyment, data accuracy, and system integration. This site may include inaccuracies, mistakes, or typographical errors. We do not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error-free.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special, or consequential damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, our total liability to you for any damages (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees actually paid by you to us during the month immediately preceding the act allegedly giving rise to our liability.
Termination
In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the Agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the Site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this Site in whole or in part. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination.
Remedies
You agree that our remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement would be inadequate and that we shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees.
No right or remedy of ours shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation damages injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees and expenses. No instance of waiver by us of our rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future, or other waiver.
Jurisdiction
This site is created and controlled by us in the State of New Mexico, USA. As such, the applicable laws of the State of New Mexico will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or to the products you purchase through the site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Albuquerque, New Mexico, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of New Mexico. You hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of New Mexico. Arbitration under these Terms of Use shall be conducted pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules then prevailing at the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class action proceedings or otherwise. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the site or this Agreement must be filed within six (6) months after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned.
Severability
If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.
Terms of Sale
This agreement (“Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions that apply to the purchase of products and/or services (the “Products”) from Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. and Indian Pueblo Cultural Center using the Indianpueblo.org website. We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions without prior written notice at any time, at our sole discretion.
Please read this agreement carefully. By using this website to make online purchases of products, you agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement, and you represent that you are of legal age to enter into this agreement and become bound by its terms. This agreement contains important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that may apply to you.
1. Consent To Use Of Electronic Documents
You hereby consent to the exchange of information and documents between you and Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. over the internet or by email, and that this Agreement and any applicable Order Confirmations in electronic form shall be the equivalent of an original written paper agreement between us. You further agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
2. Ordering
Before submitting an order for the purchase of Products using this website, you will be shown an Order Confirmation screen describing, among other things, the products to be ordered, the purchase price, and any applicable charges for shipping and taxes. When you submit your order, such order will constitute an offer from you to Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. to purchase the products described in the Order Confirmation, for the price and subject to the other charges, terms, and conditions set out in the Order Confirmation. Orders are not binding on us until accepted by Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. Our acceptance of your order is evidenced by a return email from us indicating that your order has been accepted.
3. Cancellation
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to limit quantities, terminate accounts and to refuse or cancel any order, including after the order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. In the event that your order is cancelled after your payment has been processed, we will issue a full refund.
4. Price
All prices quoted are payable in U.S. dollars. Although we strive to provide accurate product and pricing information, errors may occur. We reserve the right to correct any errors in pricing or product information and to modify the prices of Products, at any time, without prior notice. We cannot confirm the price of a product until after you submit an order for the product. In the event that the price or related information for a product as described on the Indianpueblo.org website is incorrect due to an error in pricing or product information, we may, at our sole discretion, refuse or cancel your order. If there is such an error in pricing, we may cancel your order and reverse any charges that have been applied, then contact you to ask you to place a new order for the product at the correct price.
5. Payment Terms
Payment shall be made by credit card unless some other pre-arranged method of payment has been accepted by Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. Any payments made by credit card are subject to the approval of the financial institution that has issued the credit card.
6. Product Availability
The availability of certain products may be limited, and products may not be available for immediate delivery. We may revise or cease to make available any products at any time without prior notice. In the event that we are unable to deliver you a product ordered due to lack of availability, we will notify you via email and your order will be automatically cancelled with respect to such unavailable product, provided that we may, at our sole discretion, contact you in order to allow you to maintain your order subject to a revised delivery time if and when the product becomes available.
Products are available for sale in the contiguous United Sates and have only limited availability in Alaska, Hawaii, and in other countries.
7. Shipping & Taxes
We will ship the products ordered by you according to the delivery method you have chosen and to the address indicated in the Order Confirmation. We reserve the right to not deliver an order outside of the contiguous United States. Delivery times provided are estimates only. We shall not be responsible for any damages or costs resulting from any delays in delivery.
Unless otherwise stated, all prices quoted do not include shipping and handling charges and applicable federal and provincial sales taxes. Separate charges for shipping and handling and taxes will be shown on the Order Confirmation for each Order, as applicable. You are responsible for all sales, use, goods and services, harmonized sales, and other taxes and duties associated with the Order.
8. Ownership
All products purchased from Indianpueblo.org are delivered to you by a third-party delivery company, pursuant to a shipping contract. You shall become the owner of the products and shall assume the risks of loss at the time of delivery by Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. of the products to the third party delivery company.
9. Returns
All Product returns are subject to our Return Policy (insert link) the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Some restrictions may apply.
10. Export Laws
Products sold or delivered under this Agreement shall be subject to export control laws and regulations of the United States of America. You agree to comply at all times with all such laws and regulations. You will defend and hold Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. harmless against all claims, damages, or liability resulting from breach of the foregoing.
11. No Assignment & Inurement
You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express written consent of Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
12. Entire Agreement & Severability
This Agreement, together with all other agreements, terms, or conditions incorporated or referred to herein, including the Terms of Use detailed above, constitute the entire agreement between you and Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. relating to the subject matter hereof, the use of this website, and any transactions conducted on or from this website, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether electronic, oral, or written) regarding the subject matter hereof, and may not be amended or modified except in writing, or by Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. making such amendments or modifications available to it pursuant to this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
13. No Waiver
The failure of Indianpueblo.org to enforce any provision of this Agreement or to respond to a breach by you or any third party of this Agreement shall not in any way waive the right of Indianpueblo.org to subsequently enforce any of the terms and conditions contained herein or to act with respect to similar breaches.
Virtual Programs & Events
Support IPCC
Contact Us