https://indianpueblo.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Our Privacy Policy details our commitment to respecting the privacy of the visitors to the site. The Indian Pueblo Cultural Center is a U.S. tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization. Please be sure to consult your tax advisor regarding the federal tax treatment of any donation transactions.
Collection of information is usually grouped into two categories: personal, which is information identifiable to a specific visitor, and aggregate, which is general demographic information that does not identify any individual visitor. Personal information may include your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information, and phone number. We may also collect certain demographic information such as your genre preferences, age, gender, geographical location, language, time zone, income, and education.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and may disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Policy. We reserve the right to change this policy, which we’ll do through online posting. We may use or disclose aggregate information for any purpose.
This privacy policy applies to the indianpueblo.org site. This privacy policy does not apply to any offline collection of your personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices on any other web site the indianpueblo.org site links to.
Information Collection
We may collect personal information from you when you save or otherwise provide your personal information to us, such as by setting up a user account and password, logging in as a registered user, searching for a product, making an order for a product, providing information in your accounts, communicating with us by phone, email, or otherwise, or if you complete an entry form to participate in a contest, promotion, or survey, whether online or at our retail store. As a result of these actions, you might supply us with personal information, such as your name, email, and postal addresses, phone number(s), credit card information, names of people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address, and telephone numbers, product interest information, and financial information, and in certain circumstances, your opinions and individual preferences. We may also maintain a record of your product interests and acquire information about you from our present and future affiliates or marketing partners. We will keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Policy or such longer period as may be required by applicable law.
Information Use
We may use your personal information to (i) process your order and to answer questions about the status of your order; (ii) send you or your friends, relatives, or associates, products that you have ordered; (iii) maintain contact with you and provide you with ongoing personalized service; (iv) communicate with you (via email, post, or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information regarding our products, services, surveys, contests, promotions, and special offers; (v) help us learn more about your shopping preferences; and (vi) conduct marketing and performance research to assist us in measuring our customer service, benchmarking our performance, and to help us improve our shopping experiences and product offerings.
Information Sharing
If you visit or purchase products on the indianpueblo.org website, participate in a contest, survey, promotion, or special offer, or shop one of our affiliates, we may share your personal information with that affiliate, so that it can communicate with you (whether by email, post, or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information about its products, services, contests, promotions, and special offers that may be of interest to you, or collect and use that information subject to and for other purposes contemplated by this Privacy Policy.
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store–you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to non-affiliated third parties except as permitted by law. However, in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business or another similar transaction, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to a purchaser or prospective purchaser, who may collect, use, and disclose such information for the purposes of evaluating the proposed transaction or operating and managing the affairs of the acquired business, or for other purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to other persons or entities who share a similar mission and we believe are trustworthy and that we have confirmed follow privacy practices that are consistent with ours. These persons or entities may use your information for their direct marketing purposes. Like our service providers, these persons and entities are required to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
We may transfer personal information to non-affiliated third parties for processing pursuant to agreements that prohibit the third parties from using or disclosing the personal information other than for the purpose of processing and which impose security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
The collection, use, and disclosure of information contemplated in this Privacy Policy may involve a transfer of the information to jurisdictions located outside your country of residence that may not have equivalent laws and rules regarding personally identifiable information.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, and as necessary to protect the property, interests, and rights of Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymized tracking data to third-party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Like many sites, Indianpueblo.org employs cookies, web beacons, pixels, and action tags to speed your navigation of the site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most i,nternet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of this Site. We use cookies to enable you to select products and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase.
We may use third-party advertising companies to help us tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies, pixels, and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies, pixels, and web beacons is not linked to any of your personal information collected by us. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party advertising company may collect from you. It also does not cover any information that you may choose to provide to them or to an advertiser whose goods or services are advertised through the Site.
As is true of most web sites, Indianpueblo.org automatically recognizes the internet URL from which you access this site. We may also log your internet protocol (“IP”) address, internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order or donation through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Security
The Indianpueblo.org site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through this Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. For example, when you visit our site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall.
We use industry-standard procedures and safeguards designed to protect all personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the site, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the site, and you do so at your own risk.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we will endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
Opting Out & Correcting Data
On your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending certain non-membership or order-related emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests by emailing thelatest@indianpueblo.org. Do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.
Please note that despite your actions above in regards to opting out of receiving certain non-membership or order-related emails to your email address, a purchase on the Site subsequent to your request to opt-out will be considered your affirmative consent to opt back into our email distribution list.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousPINTEREST – https://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/personalization-and-dataBING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Updates to this policy
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at thelatest@indianpueblo.org or by mail using the details provided below:
2401 12th St NW, Albuquerque, NM, 87104, United States
Virtual Programs & Events
Support IPCC
Contact Us