http://inministrytochildren.org/privacy-policy/
skip to content
Privacy Policy for inministrytochildren.org
This policy applies between you, the 'user' of the website, and the website owner 'In Ministry to Children'. This policy applies to all use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of the website and any services therein.
What we collect
We may collect any of the following information:
Contact information including email address
Personal information including name and date of birth
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests
Information about your network / computer including IP address and browser type (Collected automatically)
Information about your activity on the website
Cookie information (see "Cookies" for more information)
Use of data collected
Any personal data you submit will be retained by In Ministry to Children for as long as you use the website or services provided by the website.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so and subject to clause 3, your data will not be disclosed to third parties. This includes affiliates and other companies within our group.
All personal data is stored in accordance with the principals of the Data Protection Act 1998. Data security is of great importance to In Ministry to Children. Suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been put in place to safeguard data collected through the website.
Any or all of the above data may be required from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using the website. Specifically, data may be stored and used by In Ministry to Children for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Improvement of our products / services
Communication by email of promotional materials which may be of interest to you
Customisation or update of the website
Third party websites and services
In Ministry to Children may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters which may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services may have access to certain personal data provided by you through the website. Any data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that In Ministry to Children requests. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Any Data that is processed by third parties must be processed within the terms of this policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Your right to withhold data
You may access certain areas of the website without providing any data at all (See "Cookies" for more information). However, to use all services and systems available on the website you may be required to submit personal information or other data.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer by websites including this one. Cookies usually contain anonymous information which can only be accessed by the website which placed it on your computer.
You can delete cookies, however you may lose information which enables you to access the website more quickly or enables use of certain services or systems on the website.
You can choose to disable cookies in your browser. By default your browser will accept cookies. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain areas of the website, as well as some services.
The website also provides you with the choice to enable or disable cookies for this website only.
We use cookies to store the following data:
How you use the website
Preferences for the website and services
Changes to this policy
In Ministry to Children reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as deemed necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes are immediately posted on the website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the policy on first use of the website after any alterations.