https://innovativefinance.org/privacy-policy-2/
privacy policy 2
**Note InnovativeFinance.org is not a direct lender, bank or credit union. Use of this website is voluntary. By agreeing to use this website you will allow us to share information with through an affiliate lending network, which may compensate us for your actions. There is no guarantee that you will receive your requested loan, loan amount or desired terms. By using this website you agree to have your personal information shared with third-parties in order to obtain a loan **
The following disclosure pertains to the use of our website. Please note, the operators of this website (InnovativeFinance.org) are working strictly under an advertising capacity and may receive compensation as an affiliate from the loan offers and advertisement offers for peer to peer lending and online personal loan and offers identified online. The operators do not host forms or consumer applications on their personal web servers.
Information Collection and Use
InnovativeFinance.org the owner of this website, in conjunction with its affiliate partners and advertisers, collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site. Information collected on this site may be used for analysis purposes, mostly on an aggregate level.
Privacy Notice
InnovativeFinance.org recognizes that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our customers is an important responsibility. This Privacy Notice generally describes our policy about how we treat that information. This notice refers InnovativeFinance.org using the terms “we,” “us,” and “our.”
How we obtain information:
We obtain most of the information we need directly from you on your request form or other forms you complete, or from those you have authorized to provide information to us in connection with providing our services to you. We also obtain information in the course of processing and recording your transactions with us.
Information we may obtain:
The type of information we obtain depends on the type of product or service in which you express interest. The types of information we may obtain fall into the following two general categories:
– Customer Information. Customer information includes identifying information such as your name, address, telephone number, and demographic data about you.
– Financial Information. Financial information is information covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and includes information such as your credit history, income, assets.
Security of the information:
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with Federal and State laws to protect all the information we have obtained about you.
What we do with the information we obtain:
We use information about you for business purposes such as identifying the products and services which will meet your needs and for processing your requests.
Third Party Cookies and Session IDs:
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies and session IDs by InnovativeFinance.org commonly and does not cover the use of cookies and session IDs by any advertisers, sponsors or partner/linked sites.
Sharing:
Legal Disclaimer: Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Links to other websites:
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that InnovativeFinance.org, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Please note that InnovativeFinance.org has financial relationships with some of the merchants mentioned here. may be compensated InnovativeFinance.org if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for the said merchant
Additional Locations and Services
Archived Content
apr disclosure
Greenville SC Road Project
Comments are closed.
APR Disclosure, Contact Us, Consent, Reviews, Privacy Policy, About, Terms
* See the online credit card application for details about terms and conditions. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the ‘Apply Now’ button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuers website.
** InnovativeFinance.org is operating in an affiliate/advertising capacity and may receive compensation when visitors leave this website through links, banner advertisements and visit 3rd party websites or apply for credit cards.
Secured by McAfee
Verified as a Trusted Site
Personal Loan Markets
Innovative Finance helps connect consumers who are searching for help with consolidating debt, home improvement projects, credit card consolidation and more with online personal loan lenders. If you are searching for an online, unsecured loan product and live in these markets, we have lenders who may be able to assist you.
Popular Cities
Las Vegas, Phoenix and Raleigh
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi,Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Nevada, New Mexico, New Jersey, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming