http://inserra.com/privacy-policy-omaha-personal-injury-lawyers/
TwitterFacebookLinkedInHOME
ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
AFFILIATIONS
CASES WE HANDLE
Bicycle/Pedestrian Accidents
Motorcycle / ATV Accidents
Animal (Dog) Bites Omaha-Council Bluffs
Brain Injuries
Elmiron Vision Loss
Zantac Cancer Lawsuits
Medtronic Diabetes Pump Lawsuits
Catastrophic Injury
Defective Medical Devices
Defective Hip Replacement Devices
Diabetic Drug Lawsuits
Personal Injury
Defective Pharmaceuticals/Drug Injuries
Injectafer
Product Liability / Defective Products
Semi-truck Accidents
TESTIMONIALS
BLOG
CONTACT
Search
Menu
Menu
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information you give when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective beginning on 11/15/2016.
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to surveys
What We Do With the Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may provide your information to our third party legal partners in an effort to best serve your legal needs.
We may also use your email address (when submitted to us by you) to send you lawsuit news and alerts.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer; this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Partners and Features That Collect Information
Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
If you decide that you do not want to receive further emails regarding your inquiry, you may submit a message using the contact form on our site with a request that we not continue to email you.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please send us a message using the form on this page. We will promptly correct any information.
For California residents
As described above, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own use in direct marketing. The information above also explains how you may opt out of permitting our website or partners from collecting information from your device.
Thank you.
What our clients say:
We work hard for our clients by listening to their needs, focusing on their health, and then fighting aggressively for the help they need. Below are testimonials from some of these great clients. Contact us to see how we can help you.
If you are looking for an attorney, don’t make the same mistake I did. After a terrible experience with one of Omaha’s largest firms, I soon realized why they have to continuously advertise on the radio and television. Inserra & Kelley’s personal and hands-on approach is a much better way. Craig Kelley has handled several cases for my family and I, all of which I am convinced were handled fairly and appropriately. I would highly recommend Inserra & Kelley to anyone. Thank you, Craig Kelley.
Wally Williams
I am very pleased with the way that the Inserra & Kelley law firm handled my case. You are a very good law firm.
Mick Cubrich
I was treated as if I was someone very important. I felt as if they were very concerned about my well-being and wanted to do the very best for me. Inserra & Kelley, Attorneys at Law, work for you and will do all they can for you. You are important to them.
Bonita Hansen
To Whom It May Concern,
I would like to express my complete satisfaction and offer a recommendation of the services of Inserra and Kelley Law Firm.
On Dec 10, 2010 I was involved in a motorcycle/motor vehicle accident. I enlisted the help of Craig Kelley almost immediately after the accident because he was recommended as a motorcycle accident specialist.
I was temporarily unable to leave my home due to my injuries but Mr. Kelley took time out of his personal schedule to visit me in my home to begin the preliminary paperwork to initiate litigation against the rental car company involved who denied responsibility for my accident.
At that time Mr. Kelley advised patience when litigating issues of this type. He gave me an overview of the process and expressed great confidence that his efforts would result in a favorable settlement.
He couldn’t have been more correct on both counts; my case ultimately lasted two years but the patience Mr. Kelley advised resulted in the settlement he predicted the very first day we met.
At all times during this two year period Mr. Kelley was responsive, straightforward, and accessible. All the while being aggressive with at-fault party’s insurance carrier. He went out of his way to achieve his utmost for my wife and I, for which we are very grateful. Inserra and Kelley processed all of my medical bills to correct insurance companies.
I no longer live in Nebraska and hope to never need the services of a personal injury law firm again. But if I did, I would without hesitation seek out Inserra and Kelley and Mr. Craig Kelley himself.
Paul V. FranquezAlpena, MI
Thank you for your assistance on handling my claim. I was satisfied with the settlement and with the way you and your office handled this matter.
Donald HeroldLincoln NE
Just wanted to say thank you all so much for everything you’ve done related to my case. I feel fortunate to have learned about your firm and that you took my case. You believed in helping me and I’m grateful. The experience of my injury and recovery was difficult, but knowing I had great legal support behind me made a difference. So, thank you all so much!!
Sandy Scharp
When I was first injured on the job at Union Pacific, I called into the yard office for Workers’ Comp paperwork to give to my doctor. That’s how little I knew about the FELA law and settlement process. Over the several years of my case, I leaned heavily on John Inserra and his staff for support and counsel. In every instance, John and his staff honored each point of their “pledge”, while totally excelling at the “attorney/client communication throughout the claims process” part. Every phone call and communication was attended to with old-fashioned, genuine concern. After I received my settlement, John said “I think you’re better off now,” and I agreed. I love my house that I bought. I will refer anyone in need of an attorney to John Inserra. An added plus . . . John was always willing to listen to my “lawyer jokes!”
Dee Fairchild, TCU MemberFELA Claim North Platte, NE
I have had several cases with Inserra Law. All cases have been handled promptly, fairly and professionally. I never had to worry about not receiving proper follow up with my medical needs. Craig Kelley always took care of whatever was needed in order to receive the care and compensation required. I have referred several clients and will continue to refer clients to this firm.
Leah Ann Chafa
I am very pleased with the way John Inserra took care of my case. From the first time we met, I knew I had chosen a very trustworthy firm. It is always a pleasure to know when I have a question; I can always get a fast, knowledgeable answer. John is very good about explaining everything in “common terms” and is very good about handling things in a professional manner. Inserra & Kelley will always be my number one recommendation.
Sarah Reinsch
I was so pleased to have chosen Craig Kelley as my legal counsel. The professionalism of Mr. Kelley and his staff made me feel comfortable and secure in knowing he would do all that was legally necessary to achieve a positive outcome. Through his diligence and hard work, my case was successful. Not only did I have outstanding representation; but I also gained a friend.
Marlene Hodik
My personal injury case was handled in a very professional and courteous manner. The settlement that was done outside of court was very substantial and quite satisfactory. I would highly recommend the Inserra law offices. They did a fantastic job for me.
Thomas L. Vance
I am very satisfied the way you and your staff handled my claims, especially all the time you put into it. I most certainly will refer you to friends of mine if they need a very reputable and dependable law firm as yours. I know there is no better law firm than yours.
Neil Berg, UTU MemberFELA Claim
I have always found the Inserra Law Firm to be quick and responsive to my questions and needs as they would arise regarding personal injury. I always felt John Inserra’s council was professional and accurate for my needs. Paralegal, Randy Mendlik, was very helpful on several occasions. One appreciates a law firm showing personal concern for their clients.
Kent Custer, TCU MemberFELA Claim
John and staff are great to work with. They were always there to answer any and all questions that arose.
Pat & Dee Przymus, Electrician FELA claimAlliance, Nebraska
I was very pleased with the services of Inserra Law Offices. They were very professional. I received a great in-service settlement. I was also pleased with investigator, Jim Webster, as he was always in touch with me to see how I was before and after my surgery. The Firm worked hard for me and I would recommend their services to anyone!
Ted L. Poteet, Transportation Communication Union (TCU) FELA claim,Martell, Nebraska
I am thoroughly pleased with everyone at Inserra Law Firm. They won both cases that I had with them, including one appeal. I don’t think anyone could have done better!
Edward A. Gilbert Workers’ Compensation & Social Security Disability claimOmaha, Nebraska
The Inserra Law Firm is a very professional, genuinely concerned firm that I would recommend without hesitation to anyone! I would use their services again, if needed, with no reservation whatsoever.
Kathleen S. Mindrup Motor Vehicle Accident claimOmaha, Nebraska
Inserra Law Offices has acted as my legal counsel on several occasions. Each time they represented me I was very pleased with their work. I look forward to a continuing business relationship and friendship with Inserra Law Offices.
Robert L. Ankenbauer, United Transport Union (TCU) FELA claimOmaha, Nebraska
Inserra & Kelley was like a God-send to us!
We would like to take the time to send my thanks to Inserra & Kelley for their help with the motor vehicle accident we had upon our arrival in Omaha in 2010.
Not knowing a soul here, your office was a God-send to us. You helped us get our vehicle repaired and after analyzing our insurance coverage, you helped us find the proper medical help for our injuries.
Craig was a sympathetic and compassionate attorney. He shielded us from harassing calls from the insurance companies that allowed us to focus on our recovery from our injuries.
Inserra & Kelley utilizes a specialized team approach, which meant at every step of our case, we had an expert to guide us. It is with great satisfaction that I will gladly refer your firm to anyone.
Inserra & Kelley doesn’t treat you as just another client. Even though you don’t see most of what they do, you know they are working hard to do what’s best for you. Thanks again for all of your help.
Thomas Hamilton and Rebecca Ann Ferguson
In January 2007, while walking through a parking lot, I was hit by a motor vehicle. I sustained a tibia plateau fracture, which caused me much pain and suffering. It altered my life in ways I never thought possible!
Eighteen months later, after two failed surgeries, I found Craig Kelley of Inserra and Kelley Law Firm online. Prior to contacting Craig, I had consulted with two other attorneys that were neither helpful nor encouraging.
Mr. Kelley was very knowledgeable about my injury and future medical treatment that I would need. He and his staff were always very professional and responsive to my needs, returning my calls the same day, two at the most. Craig is very aggressive and a real go-getter. He took the time and was dedicated; seeing my case through. We reached a settlement with my insurance company beyond my expectations, without going to court.
I am very grateful to Craig and his friendly professional staff for supporting and helping me through a very difficult time in my life. I would highly recommend Craig Kelley and Inserra Kelley Firm to someone with a personal injury without hesitation. If the occasion would arise that I would need legal representation in the future, I know that Craig would be there for me.
L. O’Brien
Looking for help? Contact us now for a free, confidential consultation on your personal injury case. We focus on healing, then get results.
Call 1.800.642.1242, or fill out this form.
Your Name (required)
Your Phone (required)
Your Email (required)
Brief Case Description
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare on LinkedInShare by Mail
Inserra | Kelley | Sewell Injury Attorneys
6790 Grover Street, Suite 200
Omaha, Nebraska 68106-3642
TEL: 1.402.391.4000
TOLL-FREE: 1.800.642.1242
FAX: 1.402.391.4039
Office Hours Mo-Fr: 8:30-5:00
After Hours Call Toll Free
1.800.642.1242
(phone answered by
an actual attorney)
Followon TwitterSubscribeto RSS Feed
Scroll to top