https://intercontinentalcry.org/about/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Intercontinental Cry is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website, newsletter subscribers, donors and all other individuals whose personal information we receive through the use of form submissions and other related services.
This privacy policy explains how we collect personal information on our website, and how we use and disclose that information.
By using this website and using its services, you consent to the information handling practices described in this privacy policy.
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
1. What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect the following data about users: (1) information that you voluntarily submit to us (“User-Supplied Information”); and (2) technical data automatically collected from all visitors
(described below under “Passive Data Collection”).
User-Supplied Information. We may collect user-supplied information when you choose to provide us with your Personal information, including when you send us an email asking a question, post a comment,
submit a form to receive our email newsletter, or make a donation.
Passive Data Collection. Like most web-based services, we automatically receive and record information from your browser when you use the Intercontinental Cry Website. We may use a variety of methods, including clear GIFs or Pixels (also known as “web beacons”) and “cookies”, to collect this information. We use both session and persistent cookies. The information that we may collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Intercontinental Cry Website, the frequency and duration of your visits to the Intercontinental Cry Website, and the “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to the Intercontinental Cry
Website). We may also use cookies on the Intercontinental Cry Website to store session validators on your hard drive. If we directly combine any information gathered through passive means with Personal information, we treat the combined information as Personal information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregated forms.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. Review the Gravatar service privacy policy. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Popunders
We periodically make use of popunders on our website. If you choose to close the popunder, we will set a temporary cookie to make sure you no longer see the popunder for a period no longer than 30 days.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Intercontinental Cry may collect anonymized statistics about the behavior of website visitors using the Google Analytics service. Google Analytics provides us with aggregated data in order to help us make informed decisions. Ultimately, Google, as a third party, controls information collected through Google Analytics and you should check and be comfortable with its privacy practices prior to using the Intercontinental Cry Website. You may review information about Google’s privacy practices with respect to Google Analytics or opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
Donation forms
If you use your Paypal, or a credit or debit card to make a donation to Intercontinental Cry, we will ensure that the payment process is carried out securely and in accordance with GDPR policy.
Advertising
We use third parties such as Google Adsense to assist us in displaying advertisements on the Intercontinental Cry Website. This enables us to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy.
You can review Google’s Ads Privacy Policy and use Google’s Ads Preferences Manager to configure the right ads settings for you
Additionally, you can opt out of many third party tracking services.
2. Use of Collected Information
We use personal information to establish and enhance our relationship with you. We may use personal information to operate, provide, improve, and maintain the Intercontinental Cry Website; to prevent abusive and fraudulent use of the Intercontinental Cry Website; to personalize and display content on the Intercontinental Cry Website; where permitted by applicable law, to send you information, including via email, about our products and Services in which we believe you may be interested; to respond to your inquiries and for other customer service purposes; and for other administrative and internal business purposes.
On the Intercontinental Cry Website, we may use passively collected data to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Intercontinental Cry Website; and (b) monitor aggregate website usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
3. Disclosure of Collected Information
We do not sell or rent email addresses or make this or any other personal information that we collect publically available under any circumstances. Please be aware, however, that any information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of the Intercontinental Cry Website, or on any Service, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by us or others without restriction.
4. Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information with Clients, prospective Clients, partners or the press in order to demonstrate usage of the Service, identify trends, and to generate publicity for Intercontinental Cry.
5. Communications and Unsolicited Marketing Communications
If you opted in to receive communications from us, we may send you administrative messages and updates regarding your account, updates regarding the Intercontinental Cry Website, and, where permitted by applicable law, information regarding our products and Services, including, without, limitation, through social media updates, by email and postal mail.
6. Security
The security of your information is important to us, including, but not limited to, the personal information collected via Intercontinental Cry Website. We use reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal information under our control, both during the transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. Although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of such personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” or other unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining this information.
If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Intercontinental Cry Website or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Intercontinental Cry Website. If a security systems breach occurs, we may post a notice on our homepage (intercontinentalcry.org) or elsewhere and may send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your personal information, in writing. This notice paragraph applies to users of the Intercontinental Cry Website only.
7. Children
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) protects the online privacy of children under 13 years of age. Intercontinental Cry’s Website is not directed toward individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide personally identifying information through our website. Additionally, we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. If we learn that personal information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Intercontinental Cry Website, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has registered on the Intercontinental Cry Website or you believe has otherwise provided personal information to Intercontinental Cry, please contact Intercontinental Cry at info@intercontinentalcry.org to have that child’s account terminated and information deleted.
8. Your Rights
You may, at any time, access your personal information to update, correct, or delete certain personal information about you by contacting us at info@intercontinentalcry.org
9. Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this privacy policy. If we do, we will change the “effective date” at the top of the privacy policy. Before making any update that would make this privacy policy materially less restrictive in our use or disclosure of personal information collected prior to the update, we will provide prior notice of the update by posting notice on our website at the top or bottom of the then-current privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. Your continued use of our websites constitutes your agreement to our then-current privacy policy.
We're fighting for our livesIndigenous Peoples are putting their bodies on the line and it's our responsibility to make sure you know why. That takes time, expertise and resources - and we're up against a constant tide of misinformation and distorted coverage. By supporting IC you're empowering the kind of journalism we need, at the moment we need it most. Support us Become a Patron
independent
uncompromising
indigenous
Except where otherwise noted, articles on this website are licensed under a Creative Commons License
IC is a publication of the Center for World Indigenous Studies (cwis.org), a 501C(3) based in the United States
Hosting by May First / People Link
Join more than 20,000 followers!
IC is a publication of the Center for World Indigenous Studies
x