https://interestingengineering.com/5-states-now-have-programs-on-the-books-to-help-struggling-nuclear-power-plants
662396
Advertisement
News
5 States Now Have Programs to Help Struggling Nuclear Power Plants Five states including Ohio have put programs in place to help nuclear power plant operators that are struggling.
By  Donna Fuscaldo
October 07, 2019
Nuclear power plant encavolrab/iStock
Nuclear power plant companies in five states are getting what environmental groups view as a bailout, with the U.S. Energy Information Administration adding Ohio to the list as of July. RELATED: RUSSIA GIVES THE GREEN LIGHT TO ITS FLOATING NUCLEAR POWER PLANT TO BEING WORKFive states now have programs on the books to help In a press release, the government agency reported that in late July Ohio joined Connecticut, Ilinois, New Jersey, and New York in implementing programs to provide financial compensation and other assistance to struggling nuclear power plant operators.The U.S. Energy Information Administration said 14 reactors in the five states are receiving assistance and account for 9% of the utility-scale generating capacity in the states and 13% of the country's nuclear generating capacity. "Declining prices for electric power in wholesale markets have placed economic pressures on many nuclear power plants in the United States and led to several plant closures. Eight nuclear power plants have retired since 2013," wrote the government agency on its website. "The Three Mile Island nuclear power plant in Pennsylvania closed at the end of September, and another five U.S. reactors are scheduled to retire by the end of 2025." Some view them as bailouts What the government calls "subsidy programs" but others view as a bailout, vary from state to state, with some states facing a legal challenge to their initiatives. Most of the programs require utilities to buy from nuclear generators. The timing of the programs also varies from 6 years for Ohio's efforts and 12 years for New York. New York's plan is being challenged in federal court. While supporters of nuclear energy argue it is cleaner than coal and natural gas there are a lot of downsides to this type of energy. For starters, it costs more than natural gas and the waste has to be stored forever. Accidents aren't common but they do happen such as the partial meltdown of Three Mile Island back in 1979 or Chernobyl in the 1980's.  Critics also argue that money going to help these struggling power plants may be better funding greener energy.
Advertisement
Follow Us on
Stay on top of the latest engineering news Just enter your email and we’ll take care of the rest:
SUBSCRIBE
By subscribing, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Sponsored Stories
Recommended
Industry Rolls-Royce Developing 16 Mini-Nuclear Plants to Help Power UK
Brad Bergan
4 weeks ago
Physics UK One Step Closer to Building Nuclear Fusion Power Station
Chris Young
1 week ago
Energy & Environment Storage System Turning Electricity into Liquid Air Starts Construction
Chris Young
1 month ago
Robotics PlayStation Creator Is Now Designing COVID-19 Robots for No Profit at All
Loukia Papadopoulos
1 month ago
Advertisement
455
Advertisement
x
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information and/or to change your cookie settings at any time. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
COOKIE SETTINGS
×
Stay on top ofthe latestengineering news
By subscribing, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.