https://intuitivelearningcircle.com/soul-resources-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Soul Resources LLC ~ Our Online Privacy Policy Agreement
Soul Resources LLC (SR) is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected from those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to assure those affiliated with Soul Resources LLC of our commitment and realization of our obligation to only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
Therefore, the Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Soul Resources LLC, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of https://intuitivelearningcircle.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed subscription or membership forms and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, your IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Contact form submissions are kept for a certain period for customer service purposes, but we do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Use of Information Collected
Soul Resources LLC may collect and make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from https://intuitivelearningcircle.com . Soul Resources LLC may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Soul Resources LLC does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent, or lease any of our customer lists and or names to any third parties.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Soul Resources LLC may deem it necessary to follow websites and or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public. We currently use Google Analytics to monitor and improve your experience as a user of our website. You may view how Google Analytics comply with data protection laws here.
Soul Resources may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Soul Resources LLC and/or our website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights an/or property of Soul Resources LLC; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of https://intuitivelearningcircle.com and/or the general public.
Additional Information
Children Under the Age of 13
Soul Resources LLC does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has bee inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletter. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website, please send and email that you wish to unsubscribe to contact@intuitivelearningcircle.com or use the provided link from a recent newsletter to complete the Opt-out process. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Soul Resources LLC does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statement of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected on our website.
Security
Soul Resources shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build user’s trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Soul Resources LLC reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our Privacy Policy Page and the home page of https://intuitivelearningcircle.com, so that our users and or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Soul Resources LLC decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
Revocation of Membership
The Soul Resources platform is committed to providing a safe and supportive place to learn and grow. If a subscriber or member is found to have abused other members, subscribers, contributors or administrators through unsolicited spam, written or verbal attacks, violent, racist or sexist posts or behaviors, Soul Resources LLC reserves the right to immediately remove the offending subscriber, member or contributor from all lists, social media accounts or programs that we manage without notice. We expect all participants to maintain respectful and honest communications as befits a website offering personal growth and self-care resources. Should you experience any bullying, shaming, blaming, foul language or gratuitous self-promotion, please report the misconduct immediately to us at contact@intuitivelearningcircle.com.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: contact@intuitivelearningcircle.com
Telephone Number: 505-271-4612
Mailing Address: Soul Resources, LLC
3201-C Zafarano Dr. #131
Santa Fe, New Mexico 87507