http://iowa.gov/pages/policies
Skip to main content
Home
Menu
Main Menu
Home
Business
Business Licenses
Starting a Business
Licenses and Permits Search
Sales Tax eFile and Pay
More
Government
State Phonebook
Google Home and Alexa Smart Speaker
State Bids
Boards & Commissions
More
Health
Applying for Food Stamps
Healthcare Resources
More
Education
Becoming a Teacher
College Savings Help
Online Training Courses
School Evaluations
More
General
Jobs in Iowa
Birth, Marriage or Death Certificates
Child Support Services
Unemployment Benefits
Where's My Refund?
Filing Income Taxes Online
Public Meetings
Maps
Reference Information
Policies
More
Contact
Courts (Judicial Branch)
Legislature
Office of the Governor
Policies
Accessibility Statement
Copyright Policy
Disclaimer: Terms, Privacy & Warranty Information
Emails from the State of Iowa Requesting Personal Information
Non-discrimination and Accommodation Policy
Social Media Comment Policy
Copyright Policy
If you believe that any material contained on the Iowa.gov site (the "Site") or associated State of Iowa sites infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you may notify the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. The OCIO will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives, and may take action as authorized by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and/or other applicable intellectual property laws if it has the ability to do so. The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this Site's Designated Agent:
By mail:
Office of the Chief Information Officer
c/o Annette Dunn
1305 E Walnut
Des Moines, IA  50319
By phone:
(515) 281-5503
By fax:
(515) 281-6137 - Attention: CIO
By email:
CIO@iowa.gov
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3)):
Disclaimer: Terms, Privacy & Warranty Information
General Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability, and Indemnification
The State of Iowa is not liable for any claims, damages, or injury of any kind you may sustain arising out of or relating in any way to your use of this site. The State of Iowa will not, under any circumstances, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages of any kind, even if the State of Iowa has been advised of the possibility of such damages arising out of: (1) your use of or inability to use this site or the information, products, or services made available on it; (2) your reliance on any information available on this site; or (3) any other matter related to this site or the information, products, or services made available on it. These limitations of liability, and any other limitations of liability in this policy, shall apply regardless of any legal or equitable theory of liability, including, without limitation, theories of tort, contract or otherwise, and shall not be limited to third party claims.
The State of Iowa and its agencies, officials and employees make no warranty, representation or guaranty as to the content, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information provided herein. The State of Iowa expressly disclaims any and all liability for any loss or injury caused, in whole or in part, by its actions, omissions, or negligence in procuring, compiling or providing the information contained in this site, including without limitation, liability with respect to any use of this site, or the information contained herein. Reliance on the information contained on this site, is done solely at your own risk. The information may change or be altered at any time.
The State of Iowa has no obligation to detect the presence of any malicious programming. When you download any software or other materials or make use of any other information on this site, you do so at your own risk and are advised to take adequate precautions (including use of anti-virus software and file backup procedures) to minimize any loss to your system caused by malicious programming. The State of Iowa assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damage to your system, computer equipment, data, or other property resulting from your access to or use of this site, your downloading of any information from the site, or from any malicious programming contained on this site.
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify the State of Iowa and its agencies, officials, and employees from and against any claims, actions, suits, liabilities, damages, losses, settlements, demands, deficiencies, judgments, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable value of time of the Iowa Attorney General’s Office and the costs, expenses and attorney fees of other counsel retained by any Indemnitee) suffered by, incurred by, accrued against, charged to, or recoverable by the State, its agents, officers, or employees that arise out of or are related in any way to your use of this site or to any external links you post on this site to other sites or any content posted on them.
Privacy Statement and Policy
Information Collected By Use of This Site
Personally identifiable information which may be collected as a result of your use of this site includes IP numbers, date/time stamps, methods, path data, status code data and size of request data. The information that is available from governmental websites is subject to these principles and policies:
Access to personally identifiable information in public records at state and local levels of government in Iowa is controlled primarily by Iowa Code Chapter 22. Information generally available under Chapter 22—and not made confidential elsewhere in the Iowa Code—may be posted for electronic access.
Persons concerned with information about them should contact the custodian of the record— typically the state agency or other governmental entity that collects and maintains the information.
The information collected will likely be comprised of only the information necessary for the State to provide information or services sought by a requester, just as a person might provide such information when visiting a governmental office in person.
The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of chapter 22, or to other applicable sections of the Iowa Code. You do not have to provide personal information to visit the websites or download information. The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers used to visit these sites are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites and how to better design services and facilitate access to them. No marketing databases are created nor are any commercial uses made of any such data. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office.
Various other websites may be linked through this site. Private sector sites are not subject to chapter 22. Visitors to those sites may wish to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Sites/Disclaimer
This site may contain links to other websites as a convenience to our customers. These links may be operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private businesses. When you use one of these links you are no longer on this site and this policy will not apply. When you link to another website, you are subject to the internal policies of the new site.
When you follow a link to one of these sites neither the State of Iowa, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by the external sites, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from these systems, and cannot be held liable for any losses caused by use of or reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of the information. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from these systems does so at his or her own risk.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Any claim, cause of action, or dispute you have with us arising out of or relating to your use of this site or any State of Iowa website policies shall be governed in all respects by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Iowa, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
Any and all litigation or actions commenced in connection with this policy or your use of this site shall be brought in Des Moines, Iowa, in the Iowa District Court for Polk County, if jurisdiction is proper. However, if jurisdiction is not proper in the Iowa District Court for Polk County, but is proper only in the United States District Court, the matter shall be commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa, Central Division. This provision shall not be construed as waiving any immunity to suit or liability, in state or federal court, which may be available to the State of Iowa including sovereign immunity, governmental immunity, immunity based on the Eleventh Amendment of the Constitution of the United States or otherwise.
Modification and Discontinuance
The State reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this site (or any portion thereof) without notice for any reason or no reason whatsoever at any time. The State also reserves the right to modify or remove any information from this site without notice to you at any time. The State shall not be liable to you or any third party for any of the foregoing actions.
Waivers
Except as specifically provided for in a waiver signed by duly authorized representatives of the State of Iowa, failure by the State at any time to claim a breach of any provision of this policy shall not be construed as affecting any right of the State to require compliance with this policy, or declare a breach of this policy.
Additional Terms and Requirements
Communications with the State or its employees through this site do not constitute legal or official notice to the State, comment on an agency rule, exhaustion of administrative remedies, final agency action, or a request for public records under open records laws.
The State reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without notice to you. Any modifications to this policy will be binding on you when posted online. Your continued use of this site following any modification constitutes your agreement to these terms as modified.
Warranties
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE STATE OF IOWA ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THIS PUBLICATION OR OTHER DOCUMENTS WHICH ARE REFERENCED BY OR LINKED TO THIS PUBLICATION. REFERENCES TO CORPORATIONS, THEIR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE STATE OF IOWA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS INFORMATION. THIS PUBLICATION COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN; THESE CHANGES WILL BE INCORPORATED IN NEW EDITIONS OF This PUBLICATION.THE STATE OF IOWA MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE PRODUCT(S) AND/OR THE PROGRAM(S) DESCRIBED IN THIS PUBLICATION AT ANY TIME.
Emails from the State of Iowa Requesting Personal Information
"Phishing" is a form of online identity theft that tries to steal personal identity data and financial account credentials. Scam artists phish for victims by sending out email messages pretending to be from banks, stores or government agencies. These emails lead individuals to counterfeit websites designed to trick them into divulging sensitive data. Phishing attempts ask individuals for information such as: bank account numbers; credit card information; passwords and PINs; social security numbers; dates of birth; and other personal information.
The State of Iowa never requests personal information, like credit card numbers, social security numbers or passwords, via email. Anyone who receives an e-mail message that appears to be from the State of Iowa and asks for confidential or sensitive information should consider it to be fraudulent and should not follow the instructions in the e-mail.
If you receive an unsolicited e-mail that appears to come from the State of Iowa that asks for personal information, please notify the State of Iowa's Information Security Office (ciso@iowa.gov or 515-281-4820) immediately.
You may also file formal a complaint concerning fraudulent e-mail with the Internet Fraud Complaint Center (IFCC) at www.ic3.gov. The IFCC is a partnership between the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the National White Collar Crime Center.
Non-discrimination and Accommodation Policy
It is the goal of the State of Iowa to achieve and maintain a diverse workforce in state government, which includes employees with differences in age, race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion or disability. Iowa Code section 19B.2 provides that it is the policy of this state to provide equal opportunity in employment to all persons, and to apply affirmative action measures to correct deficiencies in the state employment system, where those remedies are appropriate.
Federal and state laws prohibit employment and/or public accommodation discrimination on the bases of age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, pregnancy, race religion, sex, sexual orientation or veteran’s status. If you believe you have been discriminated against, please contact the Iowa Civil Rights Commission at (800) 457-4416 or the Agency's affirmative action officer.
If you need accommodations because of a disability to access the Agency's services, contact the Agency's affirmative action officer.
Social Media Policies
Social Media Terms of Use and Comment Policy
State of Iowa departments and agencies use social media to present matters of public interest to the citizens of Iowa and to enhance communication between the public and the State. Social Media Sites are for informational purposes only. Please visit our website for official information, https://iowa.gov.
We strive to foster engaging, productive conversations. To that end, we encourage you to submit questions and comments. We also encourage you to submit photos and videos to showcase what is happening between the public and the State. However, please note that visitors are responsible for what they post on this site. Any views or opinions expressed in visitor-posted content reflects the views of the comment’s author and are not the official views of the State of Iowa.
We will try to respond to questions on this site as frequently as possible. However, we cannot promise we will respond to any or all questions posted on this site. To ensure your question, comment, or concern is addressed please contact us at IowaFeedback@iowa.gov.
We monitor all comments and content visitors post on social-media sites to ensure all content is constructive and suitable for all viewers, while respecting a range of opinions and points of view. Social media is a 24/7 medium. However, we cannot monitor comments 24/7. Moderation will take place during the State’s normal business hours. We reserve the right to remove any comments or content that fail to comply with our Personal Conduct policy, below. We also reserve the right to suspend comment privileges of anyone who violates these rules.
When the State follows or “friends” persons or organizations, it is not an endorsement by the State of Iowa, but instead is intended to facilitate communication between the State and the person or organization. Additionally, some links on this site may lead to external resources. These links should not be interpreted as an endorsement by the State of Iowa of these sites or their content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility.
Please note that social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) may be governed by their own internal policies, including a Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. In addition to the State’s policies, these policies may also apply to your use of this site.
Personal Conduct.
We reserve the right to delete a comment or other content if:
It is not topically related to the content being commented on;
It is obscene;
It visually depicts sexual conduct by children;
It is directed to incite or produce imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or produce such action;
A reasonable person, familiar with the context, would interpret the content as a serious expression of an intention to inflict bodily harm;
It contains a commercial message that is either misleading or relates to unlawful activity;
It compromises the safety or security of the public or public systems;
It contains private personal information or private medical information of any person, such as social-security numbers, phone numbers, or home addresses;
It infringes on any copyright or other legal ownership interest of any other party;
It is comprised of malicious code that contains a virus, worm, defect, trojan horse or any other item of a destructive nature that may interfere or disrupt the State of Iowa’s technology services, servers, computer systems or networks.
Privacy and Public Records.
Please note that all content posted to this site is public information and available to everyone. If you post any personal content, you do so at your own risk.
We are required to comply with Iowa Code Chapter 22 (Public Records Law) and ensure government is open and that the public has access to public records and information of which the State is the custodian. To that end, we automatically collect and store all information you post on this site. All information you post on this site may be subject to public disclosure under chapter 22, even if we have previously deleted it from the site for a violation of our Personal Conduct policy.
We may also share information you post on this site with other state agencies for governmental purposes, including improving state government services. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and we do not sell or distribute this information for commercial, educational, or promotional use.
Some of our social-media platforms have social-sharing enabled. This function allows site visitors to “like” or “share” our pages or posts on our site. Visitors to our site may be able to see who has shared or liked our pages our posts on our site. However, site visitors may not be able to see any information about people who have liked or shared our pages or posts on our site, unless they are friends with them on the respective social-media platform. The State does not collect or have access to any of this personal information.
Please review additional State of Iowa policies, which apply to social media.