http://iphc.org/termsofuse/
Place of Hope. People of Promise.
Discipleship
Evangelism USA
World Missions
General Superintendent's Office
Terms of Use
Welcome to the International Pentecostal Holiness Church, Inc. (IPHC) website. The IPHC provides this service to you subject to the following notices, terms and conditions.
Copyright Notice
All website design, text, graphics, layout and content contained in this website are copyright ©IPHC and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights reserved. Stock images are used with permission from thinkstock.com unless otherwise noted.
Many requested uses are permitted by this policy, but if your intended use of the contents of this site are NOT expressly permitted herein, you may not: reproduce, upload, post, transmit, download or distribute any content, "mirror" or include this information on your own server or in your own documents; or modify or reuse the text or graphics on any of these websites without the written permission of the IPHC.
You may print copies of the material for incidental church and personal use, or store the files on a computer for church or personal use. No content may be sold or used for any commercial purpose. Any printed copy must include copyright information.
Any other use of materials on this website including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above--modification, distribution, transmission, display, or republication without the prior written permission of the IPHC is strictly prohibited. For more information, please email your inquiry to news@iphc.org.
Linkage Disclaimer
Links to IPHC.org may be found on other websites that are not operated by the International Pentecostal Holiness Church or its affiliates. The IPHC is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third party websites.
In turn, the IPHC itself may link to websites that may or may not be affiliated with the IPHC. Visitors to those websites should contact the site's owner for questions regarding content, privacy policies and practices of those websites.
Linking to IPHC.org
We encourage you to link to our pages. However, we ask that you abide by the following guidelines when doing so:
You may not infer or imply that the IPHC sponsors or in any way approves of your site or any other site.
You may not frame, display, or alter any material from our websites, or our Web pages directly, in any way that obscures our identification, banners or site navigation. Framing does not allow users to bookmark the framed page. Also, some sites use frames to present content belonging to another site as if it was their own. We feel this is confusing to users and jeopardizes the integrity of our content. The presentation of the material linked to must make it readily apparent that the content is the property of the IPHC or its affiliates.
You may not duplicate content (including graphics and/or photos) from this or any related IPHC website without express written permission of the IPHC.
Graphics and Logos
The International Pentecostal Holiness Church (IPHC) often creates logos for ministry and special events. Such logos are available for use by official IPHC churches and affiliates only, subject to the following terms:
This permission grants a non-exclusive license to use such logos for promotion of the event for which it was created.
You are NOT authorized to use such logos for commercial purposes or for use with any other events or purposes.
You may not use such logos in any manner that may possibly disparage, bring into disrepute, or derogate the IPHC or its members.
You may not alter the appearance of such logos in any way. The logo must stand by itself so as to avoid unintended associations with any other objects, including, but not limited to, type, photographs, illustrations, borders and edges. You may not incorporate the logo or any of its parts into any other logo.
You may not use the logo in any manner that implies sponsorship or endorsement of any other event, product or service.
You agree to indemnify the IPHC for any loss or damage caused to them arising out of your use of this logo.
The IPHC reserves the right to review your use of such logos and may at any time require you to discontinue your use of the logo.
The IPHC reserves the right to revoke and terminate this agreement, in which case you will immediately thereafter cease any and all usage of such logos and shall not use any name or trademark similar in design or color.
Use of such logos indicates your acceptance of this agreement.
Use of Website
This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by the IPHC.
Disclaimer
This website is provided by the IPHC on as "as is" basis. The IPHC makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the website or the information, content or materials included on this website. The IPHC will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this website, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Applicable Law
This website is created and controlled by the IPHC in the State of Oklahoma, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Oklahoma will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our website and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
Privacy
See our Privacy Policy for more information.
Home
COVID-19
About Us
Who We Are
Introduction
History
Beliefs
Core Values
Governance
Position Papers
Affiliations
IPHC Manual
Contact Us
Find a Conference
Ministries
Discipleship
Evangelism USA
General Superintendent’s Office
World Missions
Resources
IPHC Logos & Graphics
Leadership Cast
Magazines
Encourage
The Call
Subscribe to our Emails
Featured Videos
Events
IPHC Calendar
29th General Conference (2022)
Global Assembly
YouthQuest
News
Follow Us!