http://iphc.org/privacypolicy/
Place of Hope. People of Promise.
Discipleship
Evangelism USA
World Missions
General Superintendent's Office
Privacy Policy
The International Pentecostal Holiness Church, Inc. (IPHC) is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding visitors to a third party without your consent. By using our websites, you agree to the Privacy Policy of the IPHC. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
The IPHC reviews its Privacy Policy periodically and reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy applies to all websites produced and maintained by the IPHC.
DATA CONTROLLERInternational Pentecostal Holiness ChurchAdministrative ServicesP.O. Box 12609Oklahoma City, OK 73157(405)792-7126give@iphc.org
COLLECTION AND USE
The IPHC recognizes the privacy concerns of users of our website and the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected from them.
The IPHC only collects personally identifiable information, such as a visitor’s name, address, email address, telephone number, or credit card information when knowingly and voluntarily submitted in registration forms and web forms. We use such information only for the purpose for which it was submitted including support services, mailings, surveys, payment processing, meeting contractual obligations, and informing you of news, events, and activities of the IPHC. By providing us with this information, you expressly consent to our use of your sensitive personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was submitted.
Legal Basis
The IPHC has the following legal bases for processing your data:
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, and activities, as well as process your donations
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided:
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Sharing
The IPHC does not sell, trade, or rent personally identifiable information to third parties. However, we may share your personal information with our affiliates, who may use your personal information to send email updates, complete payment processing, and meet other contractual obligations with the IPHC.
The disclosure of your personal information discussed above may involve the transfer of that information outside of the USA and across international borders. Every effort is made to make sure your data is transferred securely.
Accessing Data
If you have created an account on our website, you can log in to your account and update your profile and payment methods. If you have signed up for email newsletters, you can change your preferences via the link at the bottom of your email. If you have any further questions or desire to delete your data, please email us.
Security
The IPHC complies with data protection regulations by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and disclosure, and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
When submitting sensitive data like credit card information, we use secure server technology to protect the information. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts the information you input before you send it to us. Data is protected against unauthorized access, as indicated by the secure icon on your browser.
REFUND POLICY
If you feel your credit card has been charged incorrectly by the IPHC, please email us or call (405)792-7126.
COOKIES
"Cookies" are files that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information about a user, but enable us to provide customized features to enhance your visit to the website. You may decline, disable, or delete the internet cookies while visiting our website by adjusting your browser settings. However, doing so may affect website functionality. We reserve the right to monitor traffic patterns and website usage.
COMMENTS
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted
Comments containing profanity will be deleted
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading, or libelous language
Comments that include requests for money
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comments from posters who identify themselves
We reserve the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to our website or social media without notice.
IPHC APP
The IPHC app requests calendar permissions to save dates to a device. Media permissions are necessary to save and play media files on your device. When requested, the IPHC app will share information to social media platforms. You may change your notification settings within the app.
Home
COVID-19
About Us
Who We Are
Introduction
History
Beliefs
Core Values
Governance
Position Papers
Affiliations
IPHC Manual
Contact Us
Find a Conference
Ministries
Discipleship
Evangelism USA
General Superintendent’s Office
World Missions
Resources
IPHC Logos & Graphics
Leadership Cast
Magazines
Encourage
The Call
Subscribe to our Emails
Featured Videos
Events
IPHC Calendar
29th General Conference (2022)
Global Assembly
YouthQuest
News
Follow Us!