https://ipswichbuddhistcentre.org.uk/wp/contact/#policies
Contact us
You don’t need to get in touch before coming along to one of our introductory sessions on Wednesday evenings or Saturday mornings. Please note that the Centre is not staffed all the time but there is always someone around shortly before an event begins.
Ipswich Buddhist Centre4 Friars Bridge RoadIpswichSuffolkIP1 1RR
01473 211516
enquiries@ipswichbuddhistcentre.org.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
AccessibilityThe Centre has wide doors, a lift and an accessible toilet on the ground floor. The front door has a 15cm step up from street level.
Name *Email *Subject *Message *MessageSend message
Keep in touch
Subscribe here to stay in touch with our latest news and events
Subscribe to our mailing list to be the first to hear about our forthcoming events, classes and retreats.
You can unsubscribe at any time.
Some of our activities are divided by gender. We appreciate you may consider you do not fit a binary gender, but we want you to join us. Please select the option opposite that you find most appropriate.
If your details change please email publicity@ipswichbuddhistcentre.org.uk and we will update the mailing list.
LGBTQIA inclusive
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Please tick ONE of the following that best describes your involvement with Triratna
Generally Interested
Mitra
Training for Ordination
Order Member
Please tick ONE of the following that best applies to
you.
Man (or identify as male)
Woman (or identify as female)
Neither applies to me
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Nearby Triratna Centres
Colchester Buddhist CentreMid Essex Buddhist CentreBury St Edmunds Centre
Norwich Buddhist CentreCambridge Buddhist Centre– – Triratna around the world – –
Our policies
Safeguarding
We take safeguarding very seriously and have policies relating to young people and to vulnerable adults. You can see the names of our current safeguarding officers on our Team page
Safeguarding Vulnerable AdultsSafeguarding Children
Privacy
We will always tell you how we use your data and we wont share it with anyone without asking you first.
Privacy Policy  Photography Policy
Booking for our events.
You are warmly welcome at our events. Our Booking policy tells you what you need to know when you decide to reserve a place, particularly on our residential retreats.
Booking Policy