https://irvingmasjid.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Click Here
New: ICIMedical.org
December 11, 2020
Fajr Iqamah 6:30 am
2 Hours 19
Minutes
PrayerFajrSunriseJumuahAsrMaghribIsha
Adhan6:08 am7:20 am1ST JUMUA   1:15 PM
|
2ND JUMUA   2:15 PM3:04 pm5:25 pm6:36 pm
Iqamah6:30 am3:45 pm5:30 pm7:45 pm
Secondary Navigation Menu
Menu
Education
Islamic School of Irving
ICI Sunday School
Tanzeel Academy
Community
Sisters
Clubs
Sports
Services
Outreach
Medical Clinic
Financial Aid
Social Services
Funeral Services
Live
Request Financial Assistance
DonateSearchAbout Us
Contact Us
Community Announcement re COVID-19  (11/17/2020)
Dear ICI Community Members,  Assalaamu Alaikum!,
The ICI COVID-19 Response Team met on Monday evening and in light of the spike in the virus made the following decisions:
* Musalees are reminded that safety and social distancing rules already in place will be strictly enforced.  In particular, face masks should be worn at all times covering the face and nose properly including during salah.
* There should not be any gathering in the rotunda area or outside around the picnic-tables
* Starting Maghrib on Tuesday, 11/17, prayers will be shifted to the Multi-Purpose-Hall (MPH).  The MPH is spacious, open and more easily disinfected than the carpeted areas in the main Musalla.
* Only Fard Salah will be offered in the Masjid.  Musalees are requested to pray Sunnah at home.
* No food or drinks will be allowed.
* At the moment there is no change in Jumu’ah schedules or prayer arrangements
Seerah conference will remain as scheduled on 11/20 -21.  However, the session will be streamed online as well.
* People who consider themselves to be at-risk, elderly and with pre-existing conditions are encouraged to attend the conference online.  They are also encouraged to pray-at-home the next few weeks, beiznillah
* If the situation requires, congregational prayers may be temporarily discontinued starting first with Zuhr and Asr.  Insha’Allah, Musalees will abide by safety rules and this step will not be required.
* The plans may be adjusted based on State and City guidelines.
* Islamic School of Irving (ISI) is also closely monitoring the situation and will make separate announcement
ICI Physicians, Imams, Scholars and AdministrationICI JumuaAlhamdulillah! The Islamic Center of Irving is pleased to announce that starting Monday, August 10, 2020, ICI will be opened for Fajr, Maghrib and Isha salahs. These salahs will be held in the Multiple Purpose Hall (MPH) on a first-come-first serve basis. Overflows (and for those who would prefer to pray in the open), will be accommodated in the parking lot. If you decide to pray in the open, please be mindful to stay behind the markings that will indicate Imam’s position.
2 Jumu’ah salahs will be held at 2 and 3 PM respectively in the MPH. Similar to the regular prayers, overflows will be accommodated in the Parking lot.
First Jumu'a Doors open 1:15Khutbah: 2pmKhateeb: Imam Kashif Ahmed
Second Jumu'a Doors open 2:30Khutbah: 3pmKhateeb: Mufti Muntasir
Please follow the following safety guidelines:
* Admission will be on a first-come-first-serve basis. No registration is required.
* Everyone must wear a mask.
* Everyone must bring their own prayer mat and shoe bag.
* Wudu should be performed at home (ICI bathrooms, wudu areas and water fountains will remain closed at all times).
* Everyone will be required to maintain 6ft social distancing
* Anyone with flu-like symptoms or pre-existing conditions prone to COVID-19 should please stay home
* Everyone is expected to leave immediately after salah and pray their Sunnah at home
* Please know you are coming to the Masjid at your own risk and ICI will not be responsible if you get sick
May Allah SWT guide and protect us and the entire Muslim Ummah!ICI Imams/Scholars, Doctors and Shura Council
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://irvingmasjid.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
When enabled, visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We do not have comments enabled on the site.
2019-12-20
Privacy Policy Designed using Magazine Hoot Premium. Powered by WordPress.