https://ishr.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJohannes Otto2020-10-08T14:38:03+02:00
Privacy Policy
Data needs better protection! The International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) adheres to this in accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (‘GDPR’) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (‘DPA’) referred to as the ‘data protection legislation’ and other data protection regulations. Here, in the data protection declaration of the ISHR, you will find detailed information.
Data protection is important to us! We only collect data for as long as is necessary for important reasons so that we can issue you a donation receipt, where there are statutory regulations, etc. Data protection is of particular importance to the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR). With this data protection declaration, we would like to inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. In addition, you will be informed about your rights with this data protection declaration.
The processing of personal data, such as a person’s name, address or email address, is always carried out in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations.
In principle, the Internet pages of the ISHR can be used without providing any personal data. If a data subject wishes to use special ISHR services via our website, processing of personal data may be necessary. No legal basis for the processing of personal data is required in order to obtain general consent from the desired person.
The ISHR has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures for the processing in order to ensure the most complete protection possible for personal data. Nevertheless, Internet-based data transmissions can generally have security gaps, so that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, every possible person is free to transmit personal data to us in alternative ways, for example by telephone.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) is based on the terms used by the European directive and regulation giver when the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) was issued. Our data protection declaration should be easy to read and understand for the public as well as for our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to explain the terms used in advance.
We use the following terms in this data protection declaration:
a) personal data
Personal data is all information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter “data subject”). A natural person is considered to be identifiable if, directly or indirectly, in particular by means of assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics, the expression of the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person can be identified.
b) data subject
Affected person is any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data are processed by the controller.
c) processing
Processing is any operation or series of operations carried out with or without the help of automated processes in connection with personal data such as the collection, collection, organization, organization, storage, adaptation or modification, reading, querying, use, disclosure by transmission, distribution or other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction.
d) restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing.
e) profiling
Profiling is any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects that relate to a natural person, in particular to aspects related to work performance, economic situation, health, personal Analyse or predict the preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or change of location of this natural person.
f) pseudonymization
Pseudonymization is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person.
c) Controller or responsible for the controlling
The person responsible or responsible for processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. If the purposes and means of this processing are specified by Union law or the law of the Member States, the person responsible or the specific criteria for his naming can be provided according to Union law or the law of the Member States.
h) contracted or order data processing
The contracted processor or order processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible.
i) recipient
The recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body to which personal data is disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party or not. However, authorities that may receive personal data as part of a specific investigation mandate under Union law or the law of the Member States are not considered recipients.
j) third party
A third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body other than the data subject, the controller, the order processor and the persons authorized to process the personal data under the direct responsibility of the controller or order processor.
k) Consent
Consent is any declaration of intent made by the data subject voluntarily for the specific case in an informed manner and unequivocally in the form of a declaration or another clear confirming hand
2. Name and address of the responsible/controller
The responsible for data processing on this website is:
International Society for Human Rights (ISHR)
Edisonstrasse 5
D-60388 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel .: ++49-69-420108-0
Email: info@ishr.org
The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses or similar).
3. Cookies
The website of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored and stored on a computer system via an internet browser.
Numerous websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which websites and servers can be assigned to the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This enables the visited websites and servers to distinguish the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
By using cookies, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) can provide users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
A cookie can be used to optimize the information and offers on our website in the interests of the user. As already mentioned, cookies enable us to recognize the users of our website. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to use our website. The user of a website that uses cookies, for example, does not have to enter his access data every time he visits the website, because this is taken over by the website and the cookie stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in the online shop. The online shop remembers the items that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Furthermore, cookies that have already been set can be deleted at any time using an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all common internet browsers. If the person concerned deactivates the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, under certain circumstances not all functions of our website can be used to their full extent.
4. Collection of general data and information
The website of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) collects a series of general data and information each time the website is accessed by a data subject or an automated system. This general data and information is stored in the server’s log files. The following can be recorded: (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system accesses our website (so-called referrer), (4) the sub-websites that use an accessing system on our website can be controlled, (5) the date and time of access to the website, (6) an internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system and (8) other similar data and information that serves to avert risks in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using this general data and information, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) does not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Rather, this information is required to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website and the advertising for it, (3) to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website and (4) to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for law enforcement in the event of a cyber-attack. This anonymously collected data and information is therefore statistically evaluated by the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) and also with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in the ISHR in order to ultimately ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data processed by us, The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes.
a) Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website.
b) On what legal basis is this data processed?
The data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 Letter f GDPR.
c) Are there other recipients of the personal data besides the person responsible?
This website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). The personal data collected on this website is stored on the hoster’s servers. This can be for example IP addresses, contact inquiries, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access and other data generated via a website.
The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract towards our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of a safe, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 Para 1 lit.f GDPR).
Our hoster will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions in relation to this data.
In order to guarantee data protection-compliant processing, we have concluded a contract for order processing with our host.
d) How long is the data stored?
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. When the website is provided, this is the case when the respective session has ended. The log files are kept accessible only for administrators for 7 days. After that, they are only available indirectly via the reconstruction of backup tapes and will be permanently deleted after four weeks.
5. Registration on our website
The data subject has the option of registering on the website of the data controller by providing personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the person responsible for processing results from the respective input mask used for registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller and for their own purposes. The controller can arrange for the transfer to one or more processors, for example a parcel service provider, who also uses the personal data exclusively for internal use, which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address assigned by the data subject’s Internet service provider (ISP), the date and time of registration are also saved. This data is stored against the background that the misuse of our services can only be prevented in this way and, if necessary, this data enables crimes committed to be investigated. In this respect, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the data controller. As a matter of principle, this data will not be passed on to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to pass it on or the passing on is used for criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject with the voluntary provision of personal data serves the data controller to offer the data subject content or services that, due to the nature of the matter, can only be offered to registered users. Registered persons are free to change the personal data provided during registration at any time or to have them completely deleted from the database of the controller.
The data controller will provide each data subject with information on what personal data about the data subject is stored at any time on request. Furthermore, the person responsible for processing corrects or deletes the personal data at the request or advice of the data subject, provided that there are no statutory retention requirements. The entire staff of the controller is available to the data subject as a contact person in this context.
6. Subscription to our newsletter
On the website of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR), users are given the opportunity to subscribe to the ISHR newsletter. Which personal data are transmitted to the person responsible for processing when you order the newsletter is determined from the input mask used for this purpose.
The International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) informs its customers and business partners at regular intervals in a newsletter about information on human rights issues, opportunities for engagement and other offers. The ISHR newsletter can only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers to send the newsletter. For legal reasons, a confirmation email will be sent to the email address entered by the data subject for the first time for sending the newsletter in a double opt-in procedure. This confirmation email is used to check whether the owner of the email address as the person concerned has authorized the receipt of the newsletter.
The data entered in the newsletter registration form will only be processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of data, email address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time.
When registering for the newsletter, we also save the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) of the computer system used by the person concerned at the time of registration, as well as the date and time of registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to be able to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later point in time and therefore serves to provide legal protection for the controller.
The personal data collected when you register for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter could be informed by email if this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or for a registration in this regard, as could be the case in the event of changes to the newsletter offer or changes in the technical circumstances.
This website uses CleverReach to send newsletters. The provider is CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG, Mühlenstr. 43, 26180 Rastede. CleverReach is a service with which the newsletter dispatch can be organized and analyzed. The data you enter for newsletter subscription (e.g. email address) will be stored on the CleverReach servers in Germany and Ireland.
For more information, see CleverReach’s privacy policy at: https://www.cleverreach.com/de/datenschutz/.
We have concluded an order processing contract with CleverReach and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using CleverReach
The person concerned can cancel the subscription to our newsletter at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data that the data subject has given us for sending the newsletter can be revoked at any time. For the purpose of withdrawing consent, there is a corresponding link in every newsletter. There is also the option to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller or to inform the controller in another way.
7. Newsletter tracking
The newsletters of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) contain so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in emails that are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and log file analysis. This enables a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns to be carried out. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) can recognize whether and when an email was opened by a data subject and which links in the email were called up by the data subject.
Such personal data collected via the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and evaluated by the data controller in order to optimize the sending of the newsletter and to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. This personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Affected persons are entitled at any time to revoke the separate declaration of consent relating to this, which is made using the double opt-in procedure. After revocation, this personal data will be deleted by the controller. The International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) automatically interprets a cancellation of receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
8. Contact option via the Website
Due to legal regulations, the website of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) contains information that enables us to contact us electronically and communicate directly with us, which also includes a general address for the so-called electronic mail (email address). If a data subject contacts the data controller by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be automatically saved. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the controller is stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. This personal data is not passed on to third parties.
a) Donation form of the Bank für Sozialwirtschaft
On this website we offer the possibility to make an online donation via the integrated donation form of the Bank für Sozialwirtschaft (BFS).
Depending on the type of donation selected, the data you enter will also be sent to the following payment providers:
SEPA direct debit: Transmission of the payment data you entered to the Bank für Sozialwirtschaft. When processing donations with the SEPA direct debit payment method, the data protection information and conditions of the BFS apply: https://www.sozialbank.de/datenschutz.html
PayPal: Transmission of the payment data you have entered PayPal. The PayPal payment service provider is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
b) Use of PayPal as a payment method
If you decide to make a payment with the online payment service provider PayPal as part of a donation, your contact details will be sent to PayPal as part of the payment triggered in this way. PayPal is an offer of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. PayPal takes on the function of an online payment service provider.
The transmission of your data to PayPal is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR (consent) and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR (processing to fulfill a contract). You have the option to revoke your consent to data processing at any time. A revocation does not affect the effectiveness of past data processing operations.
For more information, see PayPal’s privacy policy at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
9. Routine deletion and blocking of personal data
The data controller processes and stores personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the storage purpose or if this is done by the European legislator or other legislator in laws or regulations, which of the data controllers is subject to, was provided.
If the storage purpose ceases to apply or if a storage period stipulated by the European directives and regulations or another responsible legislator expires, the personal data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
10. Rights of the data subject
a) Right to confirmation
Every data subject has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to ask the data controller for confirmation as to whether personal data concerning them are being processed. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of confirmation, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
b) Right to information
According to Art. 15 GDPR, any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to receive free of charge information about the personal data stored about him and a copy of this information from the controller at any time. Furthermore, the European directive and regulation giver has granted the data subject information about the following information:
the processing purposes
the categories of personal data that are processed
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed, in particular for recipients in third countries or with international organizations
if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration
the existence of a right to correction or deletion of your personal data or restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to this processing
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
if the personal data is not collected from the data subject: all available information about the origin of the data
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Article 22 Paragraph 1 and 4 GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information about the logic involved as well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject
the data subject also has a right to information as to whether personal data has been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, the data subject also has the right to receive information about the appropriate guarantees in connection with the transfer.
if a data subject wishes to exercise this right to information, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
c) Right to rectification
According to Art. 16 GDPR, any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to request the immediate correction of incorrect personal data concerning them. Furthermore, the data subject has the right, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to request the completion of incomplete personal data – also by means of a supplementary declaration.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of correction, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
d) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
According to Art. 17 GDPR, every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to demand from the responsible person that the personal data concerning them be deleted immediately if one of the following reasons applies and as far as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data was collected for such purposes or otherwise processed for which it is no longer necessary.
The data subject withdraws their consent on which the processing was based in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR the processing.
The personal data was processed illegally.
The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the member states to which the controller is subject.
The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 Para. 1 GDPR.
If one of the above reasons applies and a data subject wishes to have personal data stored by the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) deleted, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. The employee of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) will arrange for the request for deletion to be complied with immediately.
If the personal data were made public by the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) and we are responsible as a responsible person pursuant to Art. 17 Para. 1 GDPR, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) shall take into account Measures appropriate to the technology and implementation costs, including technical ones, to inform other data controllers who process the published personal data that the data subject has deleted all links to them from these other data controllers has requested personal data or copies or replications of this personal data, as far as the processing is not necessary. The employee of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) will arrange the necessary in individual cases.
e) Right to restriction of processing
According to Art. 18 GDPR, any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to request the controller to restrict processing if one of the following conditions is met:
The correctness of the personal data is contested by the data subject for a period of time that enables the person responsible to check the correctness of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests that the use of the personal data be restricted.
The data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh those of the data subject.
If one of the above requirements is met and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of personal data stored by the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR), they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. The employee of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) will arrange for the processing to be restricted.
f) Right to data portability
In the event that the requirements of Art. 20 Para. 1 GDPR are met, every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to receive the personal data concerning them, which were provided to a responsible person by the data subject, in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data has been provided, provided that the processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 Letter a GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 letter a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated processes, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, which has been transferred to the person responsible.
Furthermore, when exercising their right to data portability in accordance with Art. 20 Para. 1 GDPR, the data subject has the right to have the personal data transferred directly from one responsible person to another responsible person, insofar as this is technically feasible and unless this affects the rights and freedoms of other people.
To assert the right to data portability, the data subject can contact an employee of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) at any time.
g) Right to object
According to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver, for reasons arising from their particular situation, at any time against the processing of personal data concerning them, which is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 Letter e or f DS-GVO takes place to object. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) no longer processes the personal data in the event of an objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If the data subject objects to the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) processing for direct marketing purposes, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the person concerned has the right, for reasons that arise from their particular situation, against the processing of personal data relating to them, which is carried out by the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) GDPR, to object, unless such processing is necessary to fulfil a task in the public interest.
To exercise the right to object, the data subject can directly contact any employee of the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) or another employee. The data subject is also free to exercise their right to object in connection with the use of information society services, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, using automated procedures that use technical specifications.
h) Automated decisions in individual cases including profiling
Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directors and regulators not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – which has legal effects or similarly significantly affects them, if the decision (1) is not necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the controller, or (2) is permissible due to Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and this legislation takes appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms as well as the legitimate interests of the data subject or (3) with the express consent of the data subject.
If the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the person responsible or (2) it is made with the express consent of the data subject, the International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) takes appropriate measures to protect the rights and to safeguard freedoms and the legitimate interests of the data subject, which includes at least the right to have the person responsible intervene, to state one’s own position and to contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to assert rights with regard to automated decisions, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
i) Right to withdraw consent under data protection law
In accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, which is based on Article 6 Paragraph 1 Letter f DS-GVO takes place to object. The data controller will then no longer process the personal data unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the log files are absolutely necessary for the operation of the website.
If the data subject wishes to exercise their right to withdraw consent, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time.
j) Right to complain
If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates data protection law, you have the right under Ar. 77 (1) GDPR to complain to a data protection supervisory authority of your choice. This also includes the data protection supervisory authority responsible for the person responsible:
Der Hessische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
The Hessian Representative for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, PO Box 3163, 65021 Wiesbaden, Telephone: 0611 1408-0, Email: poststelle@datenschutz.hessen.de.
11. Data protection regulations for the application and use of Facebook
The controller has integrated components of the Facebook company on this website. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a social meeting point operated on the Internet, an online community that usually enables users to communicate with each other and to interact in virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for exchanging opinions and experiences or enables the internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Facebook enables the users of the social network, among other things, to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friendship requests.
Facebook is operated by Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If an affected person lives outside the USA or Canada, the person responsible for processing personal data is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the controller and on which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-in) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically activated by the respective Facebook Component causes a representation of the corresponding Facebook component to be downloaded from Facebook. A complete overview of all Facebook plug-ins can be found at developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. As part of this technical process, Facebook receives knowledge of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned.
If the data subject is logged in to Facebook at the same time, Facebook recognizes each time our website is accessed by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our website, which specific subpage of our website the data subject visits. This information is collected by the Facebook component and assigned to the respective Facebook account of the person concerned by Facebook. If the person concerned presses one of the Facebook buttons integrated on our website, for example the “Like” button, or if the person concerned makes a comment, Facebook assigns this information to the person’s personal Facebook user account and stores this personal data ,
Facebook always receives information via the Facebook component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is logged in to Facebook at the same time as accessing our website; this takes place regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to Facebook, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of their Facebook account before accessing our website.
The data policy published by Facebook, which is available at de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. It also explains which setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Facebook. Such applications can be used by the data subject to suppress data transmission to Facebook.
The ISHR operates its own Facebook page. Affected rights can be asserted at Facebook Ireland and at the ISHR,
The primary responsibility according to the GDPR for the processing of Insights data lies with Facebook and Facebook fulfils all obligations from the GDPR with regard to the processing of Insights data,
Facebook Ireland provides the essentials of the page insights supplement to the data subjects,
The ISHR as operator does not make any decisions regarding the processing of Insights data and all other information resulting from Art. 13 GDPR, including the legal basis, the identity of the person responsible and the storage period of cookies on user end devices.
You can find more information on Facebook at: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
12. Data protection provisions on the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
The controller has integrated the Google Analytics component (with anonymization function) on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the collection, collection and evaluation of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects data, among other things, from which website a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), that subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for how long a subpage was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for the cost-benefit analysis of internet advertising.
The operating company of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The person responsible for processing uses the addition “_gat._anonymizeIp” for web analysis via Google Analytics. With this addition, the IP address of the data subject’s internet connection is shortened and anonymized by Google if access to our website is from a member state of the European Union or from another contracting state of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse visitor flows on our website. Google uses the data and information obtained, among other things, to evaluate the use of our website, to compile online reports for us that show the activities on our website, and to provide other services related to the use of our website.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the data subject’s information technology system. What cookies are has already been explained above. By setting the cookie, Google is able to analyse the use of our website. Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the controller and on which a Google Analytics component has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically triggered by the respective Google Analytics component To transmit data to Google for the purpose of online analysis. As part of this technical process, Google obtains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the data subject, which Google uses, among other things, to trace the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently to enable commission statements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made and the frequency of visits to our website by the person concerned. Every time you visit our website, this personal data, including the IP address of the internet connection used by the data subject, is transferred to Google in the United States of America. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may share this personal data collected through the technical process with third parties.
The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as already described above, at any time by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the internet browser or other software programs.
Furthermore, the data subject has the option of objecting to and preventing the collection of data generated by Google Analytics relating to the use of this website and the processing of this data by Google. To do this, the data subject must download and install a browser add-on from the link tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information about visits to websites may be transmitted to Google Analytics. Google considers the installation of the browser add-on to be an objection. If the data subject’s information technology system is later deleted, formatted or reinstalled, the data subject must reinstall the browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics. If the browser add-on is uninstalled or deactivated by the person concerned or another person who is within their sphere of influence, there is the option of reinstalling or reactivating the browser add-on.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be found at www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and at www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html. Google Analytics is explained in more detail under this link www.google.com/intl/de_de/analytics/.
13. Data protection regulations for the application and use of Twitter
The controller has integrated Twitter components on this website. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly accessible microblogging service on which users can publish and distribute so-called tweets, i.e. short messages that are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available to everyone, including anyone who is not logged in to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to the so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user’s tweets. Twitter also enables a wide audience to be addressed via hashtags, links or retweets.
Twitter is operated by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically activated by the respective Twitter component prompted to download a representation of the corresponding Twitter component from Twitter. Further information on the Twitter buttons can be found at about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. As part of this technical process, Twitter receives knowledge of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the data subject. The purpose of integrating the Twitter component is to enable our users to disseminate the content of this website, to make this website known in the digital world and to increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in to Twitter at the same time, Twitter recognizes each time our website is accessed by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our website, which specific subpage of our website the data subject visits. This information is collected by the Twitter component and assigned to the respective Twitter account of the data subject by Twitter. If the data subject clicks one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, the data and information transmitted with it are assigned to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and saved and processed by Twitter.
Twitter always receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is logged in to Twitter at the same time as accessing our website; this takes place regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the Twitter component or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to Twitter, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of their Twitter account before accessing our website.
The applicable data protection regulations of Twitter are available at twitter.com/privacy.
14. Data protection regulations for the application and use of YouTube
The controller has integrated YouTube components on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to post video clips free of charge and other users to view, evaluate and comment on them free of charge. YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, which is why complete film and TV programs, but also music videos, trailers or videos made by users themselves can be called up via the Internet portal.
YouTube is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website is accessed, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically activated by the respective YouTube component prompted to download a representation of the corresponding YouTube component from YouTube. Further information on YouTube can be found at www.youtube.com/yt/about/de/. As part of this technical process, YouTube and Google are made aware of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in to YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes which specific subpage of our website the data subject visits by calling up a subpage that contains a YouTube video. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the person concerned.
YouTube and Google always receive information via the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is logged in to YouTube at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to YouTube and Google, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of their YouTube account before accessing our website.
The data protection regulations published by YouTube, which are available at www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
15. Data protection regulations for the application and use of OpenStreetMap (ISHR Worldwide)
We integrate map material from OpenStreetMap on our website https://ishr.org/regions/. OpenStreetMap is a project of the OpenStreetMap Foundation, 132 Maney Hill Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands B72 1JU, Great Britain, which collects freely usable geodata and maintains it in a database for free use.
When you visit the website, no connection is initially established to the OpenStreetMap servers. Instead of the embedded map, you will initially only see a preview image, which we call up from our web server.With every subsequent interaction on this website a connection to the servers of the OpenStreetMap Foundation is established and data is transferred to the OpenStreetMap Foundation in order to display embedded maps. Further information on data protection in connection with OpenStreet Map can be found in the data protection information of the OpenStreetMap Foundation (https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy).
When establishing a connection to display the maps, the following data is transmitted to the OpenStreetMap server:
IP address,
browser and device used,
Operating system,
Website from which you were redirected to the OpenStreetMap Foundation website (referring web page) and
Date and time of the visit to the website.
If you have a user account with OpenStreetMap and are logged in when you visit our website, the following data is also transmitted to the OpenStreetMap servers:
user ID,
Email address associated with your account and
User-blocked content and associated messages.
The integration takes place on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. It is done to make our website more user-friendly and interesting. This is a legitimate interest in the sense of the aforementioned regulation.
You can prevent any data transfer to the OpenStreetMap servers by deactivating JavaScript in your browser. In this case, however, you cannot use the map display.
Further information on data protection in connection with OpenStreetMap can be found here: https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
16. Legal basis for processing
Art. 6 I lit. a GDPR serves us as the legal basis for processing operations where we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case, for example, with processing operations that are necessary for the delivery of goods or the provision of any other service or consideration, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures, for example in cases of inquiries about our products or services. If the IGFM is subject to a legal obligation that requires the processing of personal data, such as to fulfil tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor to our company were injured and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information had to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6 I lit. d GDPR. Ultimately, processing operations could be based on Art. 6 I lit. f GDPR. Processing operations that are not covered by any of the aforementioned legal bases are based on this legal basis if processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of IGFM or a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh them. Such processing operations are permitted to us in particular because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. In this respect, he took the view that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a customer of the person responsible (recital 47 sentence 2 GDPR).
17. Legitimate interests in the processing that are being pursued by the controller or a third party
Is the processing of personal data based on Article 6 I lit. f GDPR is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business for the benefit of all our employees and our shareholders.
18. Duration for which the personal data are stored
The criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective legal retention period. After the period has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer required to fulfil or initiate a contract.
19. Legal or contractual provisions for the provision of personal data; Necessity for the conclusion of the contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of not providing
We will inform you that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or may also result from contractual regulations (e.g. information about the contract partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that a data subject provides us with personal data that we subsequently have to process. For example, the data subject is obliged to provide us with personal data if the IGFM concludes a contract with them. Failure to provide personal data would result in the contract not being concluded with the person concerned. Before the data subject provides personal data, the data subject must contact one of our employees. Our employee clarifies the person concerned on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is required for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of not providing the personal data.
20. Existence of automated decision-making
We reject profiling and refrain from it. We also forego automatic decision-making.
21. Questions and comments
This data protection declaration was made in cooperation with the DGD German Society for Data Protection GmbH, which works as external data protection officer Augsburg [https://dg-datenschutz.de/datenschutz-dienstleistungen/externer-datenschutzbeauftragter/], in cooperation with the Cologne IT and Data protection lawyer Christian Solmecke [https://www.wbs-law.de/it-recht/datenschutzrecht/] created.
If you have any questions, suggestions or comments on the subject of data protection, please email the IGFM data protection officer at datenschutz@igfm.de.
22. Name and address of the data protection officer
For questions, suggestions or comments on data protection, please contact the IGFM data protection officer by email or letter:
Data protection officer of the IGFM/ISHR:
Peter Schmitt
Edisonstrasse 5
D-60388 Frankfurt am Main
Email: datenschutz@igfm.de
Tel .: ++49-69-420108-0
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Notice
InstagramFacebookRssTwitterYouTubeVk
Go to Top