https://isis-online.org/cookie-policy
Institute for Science and International Security
Home
Privacy Policy and Cookies Notice
Privacy Policy and Cookies Notice
Privacy Policy and Cookies Notice
1.	Introduction
1.1	Our website uses cookies. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
2.	Credit
2.1	This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com) and from other models.
3.	About cookies
3.1	A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
3.2	Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiration date, unless deleted by the user before the expiration date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
3.3	Our website’s cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user.
4.	Cookies that we use
4.1	We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)	Strictly necessary cookies - Some cookies are essential for the operation of the Website. For example, some cookies allow us to identify registered users and ensure they can access the Website. If a registered user opts to disable these cookies, the user may not be able to access all of the content of the Website;
(b)	Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website
5.	Cookies used by our service providers
5.1	We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
6.	Managing cookies
6.1	Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. Click here for more information about your browser’s cookie settings.
7.	Cookie preferences
7.1	You can manage your preferences via your browser settings. Click here for more information about your browser’s cookie settings.
8. Privacy Preference
8.1 When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about your preferences or your device. It is used to make the site work for your use. The information does not usually directly identify you.
You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click here for more information about your browser’s cookie settings.
9. Manage Consent Preferences
9.1 Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
The website must have these cookies to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Click here for more information about your browser’s cookie settings.
9.2 Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know which pages have been visited, which of our research areas are of interest or which reports or books are being requested.
We retain aggregated visitor usage information.
10.	Our details
10.1	This website is owned and operated by The Institute for Science and International Security.
10.2	Our principal place of business is at 440 1st St. NW Suite 800, Washington, D.C. 20001.
10.3	You can contact us at:
(a)	440 1st St. NW Suite 800, Washington, D.C. 20001, 202.547.3633, or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
‹
Back
Countries
Algeria
Greater MENA
India
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Korean Peninsula
Libya
Myanmar
Pakistan
South Africa
Syria
Taiwan
Yugoslavia
Studies
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Technical Primer
Publication Reviews
Fissile Material Control
Fukushima Nuclear Accident
Global Stocks of Nuclear Explosive Material
Illicit Trade
Non Proliferation Conferences and Testimonies
Nuclear Secrecy and Transparency
Nuclear Terrorism
Pakistan - India Comparisons
Regional Safeguards
Verifiable Dismantlement of North Korea's Nuclear Weapons Program
About Us
Staff
Institute in the News
Contribute
Contact
Subscribe
Board
Funders
Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS)
Home
Countries
Algeria
Greater MENA
India
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Korean Peninsula
Libya
Myanmar
Pakistan
South Africa
Syria
Taiwan
Yugoslavia
Satellite Imagery
AlgeriaIndiaIranIraqJapanKorean PeninsulaMyanmarPakistanSouth AfricaSyria
Illicit Nuclear Trade
Nuclear Explosive Stocks
Global Stocks of Nuclear Explosive Material
Fissile Material Control
Weapons Programs
More Studies
Tel: 202-547-3633
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Institute for Science and International Security
440 First Street, NW
Suite 800
Washington, DC 20001
Privacy and Cookie Policy