https://isr-messianic.org/about/terms-and-conditions.html
About Us
MENU
Publications
The Scriptures
Come Out of Her My People
Salid de Ella Pueblo Mío
Gaan Uit Haar Uit My Volk
Downloads
Free Scriptures Downloads
The Scriptures for Logos
Information
How to Purchase
How to Purchase in Bulk
Frequently Asked Questions
The Scriptures & Other Bibles
Comments & Reviews
Publication Network
Distribution
Distributors
How Can I Help?
Contact
Order Inquiries
Send Feedback
Donations
Webshop
The Scriptures
Books
Home /
About /
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
By purchasing products from Institute for Scripture Research, a South African registered non-profit company, hereafter referred to as ("ISR"), using this website the purchaser ("The Customer") agrees to the following terms and conditions of sale.
Conditions of sale
Additional Costs: The costs for any additional services, eg. Overnight express, 2 day delivery, Insurance etc. will be extra. If postage exceeds the rates paid for in the shopping cart, to some remote destinations, additional costs will be for the account of the customer. Postage to countries outside the USA will be calculated and emailed to you on request, together with a custom shopping cart payment request.
Addressing: If a product is found to be mis-addressed by ISR then ISR shall be responsible for the re-delivery, replacement or refunding of the product. If the Customer is found to have given an incorrect or insufficient address, then ISR will not refund or resend the product and all responsibility for correcting delivery will be borne by the Customer.
Business Customers: The Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 does not apply to business customers (where "business" is as defined by the Act). Business customers agree that where products are purchased for the purpose of a business that the Act does not apply.
Cancelling Orders: ISR reserves the right to cancel orders that we believe to be fraudulent or constitute a mis-use or a promotional or marketing activity or where an error has occurred including but not limited to errors relating to pricing, or clients that previously requested charge-backs from their banks though having received their orders.
Communications: By creating an account or placing an order with ISR you consent to receiving electronic communications from ISR. These communications will include: account status updates, order status updates, promotional and marketing materials, and other information relating to the service. Your personal details will not be made available to any third party. For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
Consumer Guarantees Act 1993: Where the provisions of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 apply, these terms will be read subject to the application of that Act, and in the case of any conflict, the provisions of that Act will apply.
Copyright & Trademarks: You agree that the content you access, view or download and the software used to create it, remains the property of Institute for Scripture Research as defined by South African and International Intellectual Property Laws, including but not limited to Copyright and Trademark laws. You agree not to modify or alter the content in any way, or make it available to any third parties.
Credit Card Queries: If you query or object to a valid order that you have placed that was processed through your credit card, any costs incurred by the ISR will be for the customer who objected to the payment. Please take note of your orders and costs before objecting to charges on your credit card.
Customs & Duties: For any orders shipped outside of the United States of America, New Zealand or South Africa, the customer is the importer of record and will be responsible for all customs import duties and sales tax charges. These charges vary in each country and are outside of ISR’s control. Contact your local customs office for more information on what import duties or sales taxes may be imposed.
Delivery of Goods: Please allow 1-2 weeks for delivery in the USA, and 4-6 weeks for delivery to countries outside the USA. ISR will not be held responsible for orders placed for delivery to CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, JAILS or similar institutions. We recommend that you order items for delivery to your own address. American and European continent orders are shipped from the USA. African orders are shipped from South Africa, and Pacific and South East Asia orders are shipped from New Zealand. Canada orders are shipped from Canada on select items.
Delivery Estimates: ISR makes every effort practical to ensure that delivery timeframes given are accurate. By placing an order, you agree not to hold ISR liable for any loss or damage directly or indirectly arising out of or in connection with any delay or failure to deliver within the estimated time frame.
Exchange: Goods may be exchanged if a customer is not satisfied with the content. Items returned for exchange will be subject to new shipping and handling costs and the customer must return the goods at their own expense. Goods will only be exchanged for other goods if received back in as-new condition.
Replacement of faulty goods: We endevour to produce top quality books. However, from time to time it is possible for faults to appear in the printing or binding of books. We will replace, at no cost, any books that have printing or binding defects. All we ask is that you email us photographs of the defects, and your original order number, name and date when the order was placed. Replacements do not include normal wear and tear of books.
Payment Processing: Goods and services provided by Institute for Scripture Research, South Africa (ISR), are sold via 2CheckOut.com Inc. (Ohio, USA).
Prices: Note that all prices are quoted in US Dollars. However, in the shopping basket, you may select from a range of currencies that are available, but will be charged according to the current US Dollar exchange rate.
Refunds & Return of goods: Refunds will be given at the discretion of company management. In general refunds will only be given to books received back in as-new condition. A handling and stock re-entry charge of 15% will be withheld from all refunds of returned goods. No shipping and handling costs will be refunded.
Site Access: ISR hereby grants you permission to access, view and download the content appearing on this site, for personal, non-commercial use only. You agree not to use any device, method or software to interfere with the proper functioning of this site. Without the expressed written permission of Institute for Scripture Research, you may not use any device, method or software including, but not limited to: spiders, robots, avatars, agents, data mining, gathering or extraction tools and attempts to probe, scan or test or breach security and authentication measures.
Notice of Copyright Infringement: ISR respects the copyrights of others. If you feel that data is used in ISR product catalogue in a manner that your copyright has been infringed upon, as pursuant to Part 2 of the Copyright Act 1994, please write to us at: PO Box 1830, Northriding, 2162, South Africa. Please include the following details:
Identification of the copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed upon and that you wish to have removed. Please include a web address (URL).
A statement that the complaining party believes what constitutes infringement under the Copyright Act 1994 has occurred.
A statement that you are the copyright holder or authorised to act on their behalf.
Contact details including an email address where the complaining party may be contacted.
Related Pages
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimers
Copyright
©2020 Institute for Scripture Research. All rights reserved.   Disclaimers | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy