https://isurvive.org/privacy-policy/
Get me out of here
Home
About Us
Meet the Team
Our Background
Join Our Forum
Forum Guidelines (Updated October, 2020)
Chat Guidelines (Updated February, 2019)
Resources
Crisis Numbers
Abuse Survivor Resources – Australia…
Abuse Survivor Resources – UK
Abuse Survivor Resources – USA/Canada
For Persons Under the Age of 18
Books You May Find Helpful
Breaking the Cycle
Parenting After Abuse
TED Talks
Member Artwork
Member Artwork
Collages
Pet Pictures
Photographic Thoughts
Auction Items
Articles & Blog
Help Support Us
Contact
Privacy Policy (updated May, 2018)
Introduction & General Terms
This privacy policy sets out how isurvive.org uses and protects any information that you give isurvive.org when you use our Website.  isurvive.org is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our Website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. isurvive.org may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What Information We Collect
When registering on the Forum, making use of the Chat Room or using the Contact Form within this website, we collect your:
email address
ip address
This information is stored within our database and is necessary to the functioning of the Website and Forum. Please be assured this information is only accessible by isurvive.org ’s administrative staff and that your email address is not visible to, or shared with, other members.
How We Use Your Information
We do use your email address to make contact when/ if necessary
We do check your ip address, on registration, to help prevent spammers accessing isurvive.org
We do not share this information with any external entity or individual, except if required to do so by law
How Long We Store Your Information
Until you decide otherwise
You can request deletion of your account at any time. This will ensure isurvive.org no longer stores your email address or ip address. However, please be aware that all your posts will be retained.
Records of Your Chat and Posts
All content posted in the forums or in the chat room, including private chat messages is reviewable by isurvive.org ’s administration and posts become part of the archives of the isurvive.org website. Our administrators can review a history of all such content posted to our Website.
Our Policy for Reporting Suspected Abuse
Understand that if there is an on-going discussion of a possibly abusive situation on the forums, then isurvive.org may report it to the proper authorities. We may comply with legal court orders. Be aware that law enforcement officials can monitor all conversations on public websites.  Do not make threats of retaliatory violence against your alleged offender on our Website.
Consider Anonymous Browsing
While server privacy violations are uncommon, they are possible. If you want your Internet activities to remain secure, you should consider using an anonymization system. There are several companies that have established reputations for good security, such as zeroknowledge.com and anonymizer.com. You’ll need to study their websites to learn the details of the services they offer as we do not endorse them.
Public Access to Posts
Some information on our Website may be searchable by third-party publicly available search engines, however the isurvive.org Forum is set-up to be closed off to all such third-party search engines.  Some forum posts from the archived “orange” site (pre November 2006) have been searchable by third-party publicly available search engines.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.  We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our Website in order to tailor it to our members’ needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Security
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.  However, we do not guarantee or warrant that your personal information or the content you post is secure against unauthorised use or disclosure.