https://iwda.org.au/donate/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Please read the IWDA Privacy Policy which covers all users of this website.
International Women’s Development Agency (IWDA) collects personal information about you in order to provide you with information and direct marketing materials in respect of our charitable objectives, and, unless you opt out or unsubscribe, may contact you in the future via any medium. Failure to provide personal information may result in IWDA being unable to provide you with certain information or an appropriate receipt. View our Privacy Policy for information about how to access, amend or complain about your personal information. You may contact our privacy officer with any queries via email: iwda@iwda.org.au, mail: PO Box 64, Flinders Lane, VIC 8009 or telephone: 03 9650 5574.
IWDA may occasionally invite like-minded organisations to share their mission with our supporters. Those organisations allow us to do the same and this way we can reach more people with critical information. If you don’t wish to hear from organisations we trust, please contact our privacy officer via email: iwda@iwda.org.au, mail: PO Box 64, Flinders Lane, VIC 8009 or telephone: 03 9650 5574.
Donations
Donations of more than $2 are tax deductible within Australia, according to IWDA’s Deductible Gift Recipient Status and Income Tax Exempt Status.
Refunds
IWDA is not able to refund donations or merchandise. If we have sent you the wrong merchandise item in error, or if you would like to exchange a T-shirt you have purchased for a different size, please contact the IWDA office.
Delivery
Email addresses of e-card recipients will only be used for the purpose of sending the e-card, and will not be added to the IWDA fundraising database without a specific request from the owner of the email address. For further information please see our Privacy Policy.
Because of differences in email clients and configurations, IWDA cannot be held responsible for non-delivery of an e-card.
To arrange international delivery of merchandise, please contact the IWDA office on 613 9650 5574.
If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please send IWDA an email or call us on 1300 661 812.
Authorised by Bettina Baldeschi, International Women's Development Agency, Melbourne
SHARE