https://iwda.org.au/who-we-are/accountability/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose
This policy describes how International Women’s Development Agency (IWDA) will fulfill its obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 and details the personal information collected by IWDA, including why the organisation holds personal information, how it is protected, and the choices individuals can make about their personal information.
2. Scope
This policy relates to personal information IWDA obtains from and about individuals interacting with IWDA and its websites, online and offline channels, and third-party vendors.
3. Our policy
IWDA respects individual privacy and is committed to protecting personal information. IWDA applies the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988, and is guided by the Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct of the Fundraising Institute of Australia. Should there be any inconsistency between this policy and the Privacy Act 1988, this policy shall be interpreted to give effect to and comply with that legislation.
Collection and storage of personal information
IWDA collects and retains only the personal information necessary to assist in achieving our mission, managing our relationships with donors and other supporters, keeping people informed of our activities, strengthening the organisation through fundraising and complying with law. IWDA will collect personal information only through fair and lawful means. Whenever reasonably possible, we will collect personal information directly from the individual. IWDA will collect sensitive information with the individual’s consent and only when it relates to the activities of IWDA or our partner organisations.
Individuals who contact IWDA have the option of requesting anonymity, with the exception of donors who wish to receive tax receipts, from whom we need to obtain limited personal information in order to issue acknowledgement of contributions for tax purposes. IWDA will practice donor confidentiality and will only publicly identify IWDA donors with their advance knowledge and permission.
ONLINE
To improve its website, IWDA collects standard information about website visitors, including cookies provided by a third party. This information is accessed by IWDA anonymously and in aggregate in order to track statistics about website usage. This information may also be accessed by Google Analytics; however, IWDA will make no attempt to identify individual users or their browsing activities except where required by law. By using this website, you acknowledge that you have read and accept this privacy policy.
Personal information is collected through the IWDA website or other online channels when individuals make a financial transaction; sign up to receive information from IWDA; send a message through our contact form; or submit personal information into our website or the website of a third-party vendor acting on our behalf for any other reason. Credit card details collected through the IWDA website are held securely by our third-party payment gateway eway.com.au, IWDA does not store these details. All other personal information collected by IWDA through the IWDA website is stored securely and only accessible by authorised IWDA representatives.
OFFLINE
Personal information is collected over the phone or in person when individuals provide it to us for any reason, including to make a donation or other financial transaction, or to request information from IWDA. Credit card details collected over the phone or in person are encrypted in our database, and all personal information is stored securely where it is only accessible by authorised IWDA representatives.
THIRD-PARTIES
Personal information collected by third-party vendors on IWDA’s behalf, either through online or offline channels, will be subject to that vendor’s own privacy policy and practices. Third-party vendors collecting personal information on behalf of IWDA will identify themselves to individuals as such, to enable them to make informed decisions about when and how they disclose their personal information. IWDA will take reasonable measures, contractual and otherwise, to ensure that third-party vendors contracted on our behalf will safeguard personal information to the same standard as IWDA; however IWDA cannot control or be held liable for the business practices of third-party entities to whom personal information is provided.
Use of personal information
As noted, IWDA collects and retains personal information to assist in achieving our mission, managing our relationships with supporters, keeping people informed of our activities, strengthening the organisation through fundraising and complying with law. IWDA will use personal information only for these purposes, or in accordance with the specific purposes for which the supplying individuals have provided it or expressly consented to.
Occasionally we allow like-minded organisations to contact you with information that may be of interest to you, including some organisations located outside Australia. Those organisations allow us to do the same and this way we can reach more people with vital information. IWDA does not share personal information with third parties unless a) we are given express consent; b) sharing is otherwise permitted or required by law; or c) this is necessary to enable our contractors to perform specific functions required by IWDA. In the last case, IWDA will take contractual measures to ensure that our contractors safeguard personal information as well as we do, and that personal information is only kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil the required function.
Overseas disclosure
IWDA may transfer personal information to overseas recipients in limited circumstances and only as required by the nature of our work. IWDA will only transfer personal information overseas with individual knowledge and in compliance with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988. Before transferring personal information overseas, IWDA will take measures to inform individuals of the reason for the transfer and the country or countries to which we are transferring personal information.
Accessing and correcting personal information
Individuals have the right to request access to and correct personal information we hold about them, subject to exceptions listed in the Privacy Act 1988. Upon request, and within the parameters of the legislation, IWDA will provide individuals with access to this information. We will endeavor to ensure that personal information held by us is up to date and we will take steps to ensure that information remains accurate.
4. Implementation
The Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the IWDA Leadership Team, is responsible for the administration, revision, interpretation and application of this policy. The policy will be reviewed every three years and revised as needed, with the approval of the Board.
5. Definitions
Personal information means information from which an individual’s identity is clear or can be reasonably determined. Information collected can include names, addresses, emails, phone numbers and payment details supplied to us (or to a third party that collects on our behalf) by an individual.
Sensitive information means personal information that could identify an individual along with additional information such as health situation, ethnic origin, religious beliefs or sexual orientation. A full list of what constitutes sensitive information is listed under the Privacy Act 1988.
Cookies are industry standard and are used by most website. Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to a computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. They are anonymous and are not personally identifiable.
Overseas disclosure – circumstances where IWDA would transfer personal information overseas would include arranging travel for a contractor employed by IWDA or supporting professional networking between contacts in Australia and overseas.
6. Privacy enquiries and complaints
IWDA is committed to working with individuals to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concerns. If you have an enquiry or complaint about our information handling practices, please contact us by calling (+61 3) 9650 5574 or alternatively write to:
The Privacy Officer
IWDA
PO Box 64, Flinders Lane
Victoria, Australia, 8009
You can obtain further general information about your privacy rights and privacy law from the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by:
Calling their Privacy Hotline on 1300 363 992
Visiting their web site at http://www.oaic.gov.au
Writing to:
The Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 1042
7. References/related documents
Fundraising Institute of Australia Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct (PDF)
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
IWDA Code of Conduct
IWDA Risk Management Policy
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard
Privacy Act 1988
Authorised by Bettina Baldeschi, International Women's Development Agency, Melbourne
SHARE