https://jdbar.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information collected from you across our website.
Information is collected in three ways:
Directly from the user,
From our Web server logs
Through cookies.
We don't share any of the information you provide with others, unless we say so in this Privacy Policy, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the “contact form" on this website, you will be asked to provide personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, and phone number. You are requested not to provide any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information) (collectively, "Sensitive Information"). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information that you provide to us through the contact form may be used when we respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out and unsubscribe.
Web server logs: When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically, which may include the following:
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the date and time of your visit;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
your unique Internet protocol address;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the number of links you click within the site;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site;
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
Cookies: In order provide a customized and personal service, our websites may use cookies and similar technologies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small bits of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to remind the server who you are and to help your navigation of our website. Cookies also can tell us where visitors go on a website and allow us to save preferences for you so you won't have to re-enter them each time you visit. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can use your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to disable cookies.
If you wish to disable cookies from this site, you can do so using your browser. You should understand that some features of many websites may not function properly if you don't accept cookies.
By visiting this website, you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and your personal information will not be made available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:
(a) to agents, website vendors or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;
(b) if we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; and
(c) as required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address on our website at any time.
This policy is effective as of August 15, 2019.