https://jenningsimmigration.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
(865) 470-0788
English
Español
Home
About
Attorney Info
Appointment Info
Fee Info
Policy & Advocacy
Client Relationship Pledge
Services
Business Immigration
H-1B Visa Alternatives
O-1A Extraordinary Ability Visa
Family / Fiancé Immigration
Hardship Waivers / Immigration Waivers
Naturalization / Citizenship
Diversity Visa
Deportation / Removal
Deferred Action (DACA / DAPA)
Additional Services
Resources
Immigration News
Immigration Resources
Immigration Videos
Videos de inmigración en español
Reviews
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. By using this website you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about services or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon on your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Links
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Immigration News
Immigration Services Suspended In-Person Services Until June 4
Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility
Application of Expedited Removal Expands under Trump Administration
Jennings Immigration 1209 Euclid Avenue
Suite 202
Knoxville, TN 37921
Hours: Monday – Friday: 9AM-5PM
Call: (865) 470-0788
Schedule An Appointment
Make A Payment
Resources
Common Terms
Videos
Videos en español
Facebook
Google
RSS
©2020 Jennings Immigration Law Office | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Attorney Web Design & Marketing by Big Light Digital
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.