https://jesusmosaics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
At JesusMosaics.com we understand your need for privacy and we respect it. JesusMosaics.com never collects any personal information without your knowledge and permission. If we do collect personal information it is strictly on a voluntary basis. Information collected may include name, email address, postal address and telephone number.
Using Cookies and Web Beacons
JesusMosaics.com may install cookies on visitors computers to track the popularity of our products and different pages. This helps us provide better service to you and all of our visitors.
Other advertisers also install cookies.
A web beacon is a transparent image file that monitors your use of a website or a number of website’s. They are also known as web bugs. They are commonly employed by website’s that use third-party services to gather information on visitors activities while on their website. They may be used together with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the content and various pages of a website. If used, this information serves to make the website more useful and provide a better experience for it’s visitors. Again, no personal information is collected as a result if JesusMosaics.com uses either cookies or web beacons.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn’t cause a problem with my site, should you so choose.
How You Can Remove or Correct Information
This privacy policy is provided to you as a statement of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information to us and would like that information removed from our records or would like to correct or update your information, please click on this link and go to our Contact Us page.
Privacy Policy Updates
JesusMosaics.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a substantial change in our privacy policy, we will announce on the site that this policy have changed and provide a prominent link to the new Privacy Policy for 30 days.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to JesusMosaics.com’s Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of JesusMosaics.com indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Home
Categories
Jesus
Virgin Mary
Saints
Pope Francis
Shop
About Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Earnings Disclamer
Terms of Use
Contact
Fundraising
Login
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Login
Remember me
Lost your password?