https://jesuspeoplechicago.org/privacy-policy
Home
Who We Are
History
Vision
Our Denomination
Common Purse
We Live Together
What We Do
Mission Business
Discipleship
Cornerstone Community Outreach
Participate
Donate
Apply
Group Missions
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
This privacy policy sets out how Jesus People USA uses and protects any information that you give
Jesus People USA when you use this website.
Jesus People USA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to
provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be
assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Jesus People USA may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check
this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective
from 4/01/2020.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in
particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other
information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have
provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional
purposes.
We will never sell your information.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access
or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once
you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you
visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web
application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering
information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about
web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this
information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you
find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any
information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you
can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from
taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once
you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over
that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any
information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this
privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the
website in question.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to
or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Copyright © 2020 Jesus People USA // Privacy Policy
Design by nine3nine Creative