https://jewishboard.org/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Last Updated: March 11, 2016
The Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and your personal information provided to us through the Internet website www.jewishboard.org (“Website”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is to inform you concerning the types of information we gather about you when you visit the Website, how that information may be used, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may access information you provide to us.
For the purposes of this Policy, the term The Jewish Board (or “we” or “us” or “our”) includes, individually and collectively, the Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services, Inc., our agencies, services providers, content providers, contractors, third party vendors, sponsors, affiliates, related entities and licensees, and their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, representatives, servants, shareholders, parents, partners, licensees, affiliates, subsidiaries, related entities, successors and assigns.
Your use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of this Policy and the terms and conditions described herein. if you do not agree with or accept this Policy or any of the terms and conditions contained herein, please do not use the Website. To the extent that any terms of this Policy conflict with terms of any written agreement between you and The Jewish Board regarding the use of specific areas of the Website, the terms of such agreement shall govern.
The Jewish Board may amend this Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we use your personal information, we will post such changes on this page which should be checked periodically.
1. Personal Information that is Collected
The Jewish Board only collects information via the Website that is voluntarily submitted, including information related to employment, volunteer and internship opportunities, and requests for information about The Jewish Board programs and services. Information collected may include your name, postal and e-mail address, and phone and fax numbers.
At various locations on the Website, such as when you contact us, register to use the Website, log in to a password protected area, place an online order, make a purchase through the Website, or make a donation through the Website, we may request or present you with the option to provide certain information such as your first name and last name, e-mail address, home phone number, work phone number, cell phone number, postal address, home address, credit card number and billing address, last four digits of your social security number, company or employer name, company contact name, or other information from which your identity is discernible (“Personally Identifiable Information”). As part of creating an account on the Website, you may also be requested to provide questions and secret answers, which we will use to help verify your identity. We may use Personally Identifiable Information to better understand your interests and needs and to improve and enhance the Website and our services and programs. We may also use such information to contact you.
The Jewish Board will not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to any third party. If you do not want your Personally Identifiable Information collected and stored, do not submit it to us. Please note that if you do not submit such information, you may be precluded from accessing certain locations and features on the Website.
Keeping Personally Identifiable Information secure is a top priority for us. The information provided by you is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated employees of The Jewish Board. Information submitted for employment/volunteering/internship opportunities remains within the Human Resource Department, Volunteer Division or other appropriate departments. This information is not shared outside The Jewish Board, and is used internally by those involved in hiring/recruiting decisions. We make reasonable efforts to keep the information you submit confidential. Requests, inquiries or comments/concerns sent via the Website are directed to the appropriate The Jewish Board individual or program. To correct or update any information you have provided through the Website, please contact us at webmaster@jbfcs.org.
The Jewish Board does not knowingly request, collect or store Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) and will take the appropriate steps to delete any such information that has been submitted to the Website.
2. Job Applications, Resumes and Profiles
You may apply for a job at The Jewish Board, submit a resume, create a profile, or otherwise establish an account and/or register in our database through the Website. The functionality, maintenance and storage of our resume and profile databases and of the job openings and postings on areas of the Website are outsourced and managed by a third party, currently, Sitecrafting (the “Technology Provider”). We attempt to restrict access to our searchable resume database to employers, recruiters, hiring managers, and human resource professionals who have established accounts with us, as well as to law enforcement and national security agencies. We cannot, however, guarantee that others will not gain access to this database. The Jewish Board is not responsible for the use made of resumes or career profiles by the Technology Provider or other third parties who access such resumes or profiles. It is also possible that you may be unable to delete your resume or profile from the Website. In addition, employers, recruiters, hiring managers, human resource professionals and others who are authorized by us to access our resume database, as well as others who may have gained access, may retain your resume or profile in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for such third party retention or use of your resume or profile. Pursuant to federal and/or state laws or regulations, we and/or the Technology Provider may be required to maintain and make available your resume, as well as records related to your resume, including the date it was added to our database and the job for which it was submitted.
3. Other Information that is Collected
Non-personally identifiable information that by itself cannot be used to identify or contact you may be collected on the Website. This can include your Internet browser or the computer operating system you use, demographic information such as your age, gender, income, education, profession or zip code, as well as the date and time you visited the Website, the pages you accessed, the name of the website from which you linked to our Website, country of residence, country of birth, employment status, job title or description and other information that does not specifically identify you. You have the option to decline to provide any such information. This non-personally identifiable information may be used by us for demographic purposes, analysis of trends, interests and needs, and to improve and enhance the Website and our services. The Jewish Board reserves the right to use or disclose such non-personally identifiable information in any manner.
4. Cookies
The Jewish Board makes limited use of “cookies”, i.e., data or text files sent by a web server that are stored on your computer which contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Any user IP logging information collected from visitors to the Website is used solely in aggregate Website traffic reports. No attempt is made to track individual visitors to the Website.
Two types of cookies may be used: session cookies and persistent cookies. These enable us to collect aggregate information on the usage patterns of the Website, for example, which areas of the Website are visited most often. Session cookies exist only while your Internet browser remains open. When the session ends, the Internet browser is closed and the cookies are deleted. Persistent cookies remain from visit to visit and are saved on your computer by the Internet browser – they are not deleted when you exit your Internet browser.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are widely used and the information contained in cookies will enhance your experience on the Website. Cookies can store non-personally identifiable information, such as what Website pages you have previously accessed and may be tied to the Personally Identifiable Information you provide. Cookies enable our web servers to provide users of the Website with relevant and appropriate information and services.
Your Internet browser may be set to refuse to accept cookies. This, however, may affect the functioning of the Website. Cookies can be erased from your computer and your computer may be able to block cookies or transmit a warning before a cookie is stored. The “Help” feature on your Internet browser should have information regarding these functions.
5. Embedded URLs and Pixels
The Jewish Board may also use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs which allow certain non-personal information to follow you as you navigate the Website, and which may also be used beyond the session. We may also use embedded electronic images or pixel technologies (generally called “web beacons”) in order to identify unique visits to the Website. These technologies may also be used to assist in delivering cookies on the Website. In addition, web beacons may be used to provide information on when an e-mail is opened and acted upon.
6. E-Mail
We use the senders’ e-mail addresses to answer the e-mails we receive. Such addresses or other personally identifiable information are not shared with third parties or used for unsolicited communications. We may use the personal information you provide in an e-mail in order to respond to your questions or comments. We may also save your questions or comments.
If you have subscribed to an e-mail list, electronic newsletter, or other forms of communications from The Jewish Board, you may have your name removed by clicking the “unsubscribe” link which is included at the bottom of our e-mail communications. You may also opt out by contacting us via the e-mail address that is specified in the communication. We will process your unsubscribe request as soon as reasonably possible.
7. Information Sharing
While The Jewish Board makes all reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of our Website visitors and users, we may need to disclose information, including, but not limited to, your identity, where required by law, rule or regulation, or where we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with a court order, if requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, as part of a legal process, or otherwise to protect our rights. Disclosure may include sharing information with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud or credit risk. In addition, certain non-personally identifiable information may be disclosed to comply with Federal laws or regulations, for example, your sex, race and ethnicity.
We reserve the right to disclose information from our access logs concerning any user of the Website when that user has violated our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or is participating, or is reasonably suspected of participating in an illegal activity. We reserve the right to report such suspected illegal activity to law enforcement personnel for investigation and possible prosecution.
8. Protecting Your Personal Information
The Jewish Board uses various technologies and procedures in our effort to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including storing such information on computer systems in controlled facilities with limited access. When you make a donation, place an order, or make a purchase through the Website, your credit card information is protected by means of Authorize.net. It is not possible, however, for The Jewish Board to guarantee the security of information disclosed online to us because no transmission of data over the Internet is totally secure. You agree to assume all risk in connection with the information provided to us or collected by us when using the Website. It is your responsibility to keep confidential any password required to access certain areas or features of the Website.
We use a third party service provider to process credit card transactions and fulfill online purchases. In order to fulfill your order, our service provider may disclose your personal information and credit card number to a ticket agent, a credit card processing company, and/or a shipping/fulfillment company.
9. Your Access to Your Information – Deleting Your Information
The Jewish Board may retain indefinitely all of the information collected from you, including any corrections, updates or other changes that you may make to your profile or account. In the event you are able to delete your resume or any aspect of your profile from our online database, or close your account, we may remove them from our online database, except for an archival copy which cannot be accessed through the Internet. Pursuant to federal laws or regulations, we and/or the Technology Provider may be required to maintain and make available your resume and records related to your resume, including the date it was added to our database, the position for which your resume was submitted, job searches you made, and the date(s) of the searches.
10. Polling
The Jewish Board may offer interactive polls to visitors and users so they can share their opinions with other visitors and users and enable us to learn what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. We may use a system to “tag” users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question.
11. Surveys
The Jewish Board may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our operational and service providers, agencies, subsidiaries, agents, and affiliates.
12. Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites as well as to third party service providers. The fact that The Jewish Board has provided a link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or acknowledgement of affiliation with respect to such website, or with respect to any information or content on the website, or the website’s owners or service providers. When you use certain features or functions of the Website, for example, uploading your resume, posting a job opening, or making a donation, your Internet browser may automatically be directed and opened to a third party website and/or your information may be furnished to a third party service provider for processing and storage. This Policy applies solely to our Website and, unless specifically stated on the Website, we are not responsible for such other websites or service providers. We encourage you to thoroughly review the privacy policy of any website you visit before disclosing any personal information on that website.
13. Transfer of Information
If The Jewish Board sells assets (or the assets of a division, subsidiary or agency) to another entity or if The Jewish Board is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that without obtaining your consent we may transfer to such entity information that has been collected on the Website, including your personal and non-personal information, which is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity.
14. California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship has the right to request from that business information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California resident, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom such personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the lists described above if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. The Jewish Board does not disclose such personal information to third parties for its direct marketing.
15. Choice of Law and Forum
This Policy and all matters relating to your access to, and use of, the Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Policy or your access or use of the Website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in New York County in the State of New York, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. If any provision in this Policy is held invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be construed in a manner consistent with the applicable law to reflect the original intent of the provision, and the remaining provisions of this Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
16. Contacting Us and Additional Assistance
If you do not understand any of the terms of this Policy or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions concerning any aspect of this Policy, or if you would like to access any personally identifiable information, please contact our webmaster: webmaster@jbfcs.org.