https://jimmiehalemission.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Jimmie Hale Mission (the “Company” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you and governs the manner in which Jimmie Hale Mission collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.jimmiehalemission.com website (“Site”), as well as the rights of Users who elect to use this Site. This privacy policy applies to the Site and any information provided by a User to Jimmie Hale Mission or collected from a User through the Site.
By accessing and using this Site, you are accepting and agreeing to be legally bound by this Privacy Policy, and thus are expressly consenting to our collection, storage, use, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. It is important to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect and store personally identifiable information (“PII”) from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, social security number, and/or driver’s license number, among other things. User’s may review and change or update their personal information by accessing their Account (as defined in the Terms of Service) and entering the new information at any time. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect PII from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply PII, but such refusal may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. By voluntarily providing PII, Users are agreeing to our use of that PII per the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect and store non-personally identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information. This non-personally identifiable information may be stored with User PII.
Web browser cookies and tracking
The technologies we use for data collection may include cookies to enhance User experience. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your device. A User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. We use cookies to help analyze usage, customize our services, measure effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. For example, we use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status. You may decline to have personal data collected via third-party tracking technologies by navigating to the settings feature in your browser and declining all third party cookies, or declining third party cookies from specific sites. You may also limit tracking or reset the advertiser identifier via the privacy settings on your mobile devices. However, if cookies are not enabled, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Jimmie Hale Mission Communications also tracks User’s online activities related to the Site over time in order to improve customer service, personalize User experience, and to improve the Site. The behavioral tracking implemented by Jimmie Hale Missions is strictly for Jimmie Hale Mission’s internal use and is not shared with third parties.  A User may opt-out of targeted, interest-based, or behavioral tracking and advertising at any time. Please visit DAA or NAI for more detailed information on opting out of tracking and advertising. Questions regarding Jimmie Hale Mission’s behavioral tracking can be directed to legal@jimmiehalemission.com.
How we use collected information
Our primary purpose in collecting PII is to facilitate employment opportunities and to provide you with a smooth and efficient Site experience. You agree that Jimmie Hale Mission may collect and use your PII for the following purposes:
– For the intended purpose of Jimmie Hale Mission
Information you provide will be made available per the Terms of Service to potential employees and employers who subscribe to Jimmie Hale Mission to facilitate employment opportunities between Users and said potential employers.
– To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize User experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agree to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic e-mails We may use the e-mail address to send User information and updates. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive e-mails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.
Information for California residents only
The Jimmie Hale Mission partners with NextRoll, a company required to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). For information on the data NextRoll collects and how it is used, please visit its CCPA compliance page.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your PII, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. It is important that you prevent unauthorized access to your Account and information by using a unique, secure, and protected password and limiting access to your password and your device.
Unfortunately, and despite our security efforts, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information or that your PII or private communications will always remain private. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of User information. Any transmission of PII is at your own risk, and we are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained within the Site.
We will never e-mail you to ask for your password or other Account information. If you receive such an e-mail, do not reply with your Account information, and please forward the e-mail to us at legal@jimmiehalemission.com.
Disclosure of your personal information
We may disclose information that we collect or that you provide to us, including, but not limited to, PII, to the following:
Our affiliates.
Third parties, such as contractors, service providers, consultants and other agents (“Service Providers”), that we use to support our business. Service Providers with whom we share such information for these reasons are generally bound by confidentiality obligations, and, unless we tell you differently, our Service Providers do not have any right to use information that we share with them beyond the scope and duration of what is necessary to assist us.
To a buyer or other successor of the Company or any of our affiliates in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s or any of our affiliates’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceedings, in which information held by the Company about Users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provided such information, including disclosures to a third party for which you are providing information in order to facilitate communications between you and that third party.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Privacy Policy, we also reserve the right to access, preserve and disclose any information, including, but not limited to, PII, as we reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole and absolute discretion and without notice to you, to: (i) respond to legal requirements, including complying with any court order, law or legal process and responding to any government or regulatory request, including responding to law enforcement or other government officials in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity; (ii) enforce or apply our policies and agreements, including investigations of potential violations of such policies and agreements; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, trust and safety or technical issues; (iv) respond to User support requests; or (v) protect the rights, property, health or safety of the Company, our Users, any third parties or the public in general.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ PII to others except as otherwise specifically stated in this Privacy Policy and/or in the Terms of Service. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any PII regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. This Privacy Policy addresses only the use and disclosure of information this Site collects from you. It does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own, control, employ, or manage, including, but not limited to, any third party websites, services, applications, or businesses (“Third Party Services”). We do not control the content or links that appear on these Third-Party Services and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These Third-Party Services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. If you disclose your information to others, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Because the Site does not control the privacy policies of Third Party Services, you acknowledge that if you provide information to those third parties, that information will be subject to the privacy policies of those third parties, which may be different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of Third-Party Services, and we encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If we learn we have collected or received PII from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. Further, your Account may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under 13 years of age. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact us at legal@jimmiehalemission.com.
Changes to this privacy policy
Jimmie Hale Mission has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Changes to this Policy are effective immediately and information we receive, regardless of when received, is subject to the current Privacy Policy each day. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the PII we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Jimmie Hale Mission 3420 2nd Ave N Birmingham, AL 35222 (205) 324-2271 legal@jimmiehalemission.com
This document was last updated on May 8, 2020.
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap