http://jlkd.org/privacy/
Privacy Notice
Welcome to the Junior League of Kane & DuPage Counties, Inc. (JLKD). By accessing our website (www.jlkd.org), you agree to the following terms of use and privacy policy. This privacy notice applies to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Information about you that we collect from this website may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, job title, or other information about you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, to comply with a legal obligation, delivering our services, managing invoices and payments, for direct marketing purposes, informing you of our services or events, or providing other information we think you may be interested in or relevant to our organization. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about JLKD, our events, programs, or other information.
If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, postal marketing, or other forms of direct marketing from us you may opt out of any future marketing communications at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link that may appear at the bottom of any such communications or by contacting us at info@jlkd.org.
We may share information with our members, partners, and sponsors. We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We may also partner with another organization(s) to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services or events, we will share names, or other information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services or events.
AJLI
When you join JLKD, you also join our governing body, The Association of Junior Leagues International, Inc (AJLI). As part of your membership with us, AJLI will collect and store certain information about you, including your name, date of birth, email address, and your Junior League placements and activities. AJLI will keep this information in their central database, to keep a record of your achievements, and so that you can transfer your membership to any one of the Junior Leagues throughout Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. AJLI may also contact you with details of your AJLI membership, and other information relevant to your membership and the League mission. Such usage is subject to AJLI’s policies and procedures. You may unsubscribe from these emails through AJLI.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site.
How We Protect Your Information
JLKD uses security measures that are designed to protect your information against unauthorized access or use.
Commitment To Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) of the United States of America defines a “Child” as anyone under the age of thirteen (13). We strictly adhere to COPPA. This site is not structured to attract anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect or maintain information obtained through the website from those we actually know are under the age of thirteen (13).
Visitors Outside of the US
JLKD is an organization operating within the United States and the intended audience of this website is for visitors within the United States.
SearchPostsLogin
Tuesday, 28, AugSpring into Sustainability at MooseheartTuesday, 28, AugLibrary NookTuesday, 28, AugJLKD Awards $25,000 Grant to Help Vulnerable Women and ChildrenTuesday, 28, Aug2018 – 2019 Volunteer Scholarship RecipientsTuesday, 28, Aug20,000 Book DriveTuesday, 28, AugGrant for Impactful Teaching
Welcome back,
Username
Password
Remember Me