http://jlwma.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement
The Junior League of Worcester is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law.
Concerned about privacy? We are too.
Although there are many applications and websites that collect information and other statistics about their users, we are not looking to collect any personal information from you just for visiting this web site.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the other Junior League web sites. You should review the privacy statement posted on other web sites when you visit them.
What happens if the privacy statement changes?
This Privacy Statement was last revised on July 1, 2019. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason. If concerned about any changes, we encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the web site.
If we make a significant change to our Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on the homepage of our web site for a period of time after the change is made.
What about privacy on other web sites?
This web site may contain links to other web sites. Some of those web sites may be operated by third parties. We provide the links for your convenience, but we do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of web sites operated by others.
We are not responsible for the performance of web sites operated by third parties or for your dealings with them. Therefore, whenever you leave this web site we recommend that you review each web site’s privacy practices and make your own conclusions regarding the adequacy of these practices.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please use the contact us form on this web site.
upcoming JLW events
NEW MEMBER CLASSES
Sign up by completing our new member application
It’s time to pay your membership dues
Membership Dues
Active $150.00 USD
Sustainer $125.00 USD
New Member $75.00 USD
You Shop. Amazon Gives.
AmazonSmile will donate 0.5% of the value of your purchases to our projects and activities in the Worcester community. Visit smile.amazon.com, select The Junior League of Worcester as your charity and shop!
CHECK OUT OUR LATEST ISSUE OF THE HOTLINE
Help Support the Junior League of Worcester We can’t do it without you – it’s that simple. Your support helps us continue to deliver the programs and services that make Worcester a better community for all of us.