https://joy.org.au/privacy/
/
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Internet Security
We take all reasonable steps to store personal information securely. We want you to feel confident in dealing with us on the internet. Only delegated and authorised personnel have access to your personal information, and only under strict controls and procedures.
When you visit our website, it will automatically send you a cookie. A cookie is a small amount of information sent from a web server to your computer, enabling your computer to be recognised on future visits. For example, you can see what pages you have visited and take less clicks to get to the web page you want next time.
JOY is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites that are:
sites accessed from a link on the JOY website, or
sites linked to the JOY website via hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise.
Please take care at all times to check whose site you are visiting.
Web payment system
JOY accepts online payments for membership and donations via a web-based payment system via a third-party payment provider. The payment provider used by JOY uses industry standard secure encryption and is PCI-DSS compliant to keep your personal information and transactions secure and private. Payments details are not stored by JOY.
Personal Information
The privacy of information is important to us at JOY. The purpose for which personal information is collected includes; membership services, donations / bequests, competitions, give-aways, staff / volunteer applications and records, sponsorship activities, merchandise and sales, events and promotions, accounts and payments, and other related station and organisational activities.
JOY will not use your personal information for purposes unrelated to the service we provide, unless we first obtain you consent. If you do not provide certain personal information, we may not be able to provide the service you require. Your personal information is stored in a secure database.
In line with modern business practice, JOY will use personal information to tell members and supporters about organisational issues, program content, program changes, promotions, competitions, give-aways, membership services, volunteer services and other relevant matters. Consent to use service-providers to assist us with this and other services (eg. mailing house, postal services, personal information and payment collection services, web-hosting service or an email service) is assumed, unless you tells us otherwise.
For the purpose of fraud investigation or other unlawful activities, there may also be the need to share information with recognised authorities, regulatory bodies, government and other agencies.
In providing you with a service, we may disclose personal information to other organisations or agencies (eg. mailing house) that are bound to handle personal information in the same way we do. Business terms entered into with such organisations or agencies prohibit them from using the personal information for anything other than related JOY business. If you do not wish us to disclose your information in this manner, please email your request to members@joy.org.au.
Members may gain access to their own personal information, this is subject to some restrictions allowed by law, we will give a reason if we deny access. Requests from members to access to their personal information should be submitted in writing to: The Secretary, JOY Melbourne Inc, Level 9, 225 Bourke St, Melbourne, VIC, 3000.
Please let us know if your personal information changes to help us keep your details accurate and up-to-date.
Tags:
Copyright © 2020 JOY 94.9. All Rights Reserved.