https://jrs.net/en/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Please read the rules we applied for the management of personal data in accordance with the provisions of articles 12 and 13 of the European regulation 679/2016 (“GDPR “) and in compliance with the measure of the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data No 229 of 8 May 2014.
Web Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Statement
In order to be able to allow access to the pages contained on the website http://jrs.net/, we invite you to review the rules we have applied for the management of personal data in accordance with the provisions of articles 12 and 13 of European regulation 679/2016 (“GDPR “) and in compliance with the measure of the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data No 229 of 8 May 2014.
This statement is made only for the above domain and not for other websites that the user may consult through links to other domains.
Therefore, as a result of the consultation of this site, data relating to identified or identifiable persons may be processed for which it is informed that:
Data Controller
Data Controller is Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati based in Borgo Santo Spirito 4 – Rome 00193 Italy
Data Protection Officer
The contact details of the Data Protection Officer are the following: Address: Borgo Santo Spirito 4 –  Roma privacy@jrs.net
Type Of Data Processed
Navigation data
The computer systems and software procedures that operate this website acquire, during their normal exercise, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of the Internet communication protocols.
These are informations that are not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but which by their very nature could, through elaborations and associations with data held by third parties, allow to identify users.
In this category of data are the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users who connect to the site, the addresses in the Uniform resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used when submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (good end, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and the user’s computing environment.
This data is used only for the purpose of deriving anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and for checking its correct functioning and is deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used for the assessment of liability in case of hypothetical cyber crimes against the site.
Data voluntarily provided by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail to the addresses indicated on this site involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, necessary to answer the requests, as well as any other personal data included in the missive.
Purposes Of The Processing
Your personal data that may be required for the use of certain services on the http://jrs.net/website will be processed for the following purposes:
Management of donations to the Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati (donations).
Management of applications sent to Jesuit Refugee Service- Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati (area works with us).
Management of Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati newsletter subscriptions (contact area).
Legal Basis Of The Processing
The legal basis of the treatment consists of:
Art. 6 (a) and (f)) of the EU Regulation 2016/679:
a) The data subject has expressed his consent to the processing of his personal data for one or more specific purposes;
f) The processing is necessary for the pursuit of the data controller or of third parties, provided that the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject who require the protection of personal data are not prevailing, in particular if the data subject is a minor.
Methods Of Data Processing And Conservation
Your data will be processed both by computerized and paper based support, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the same is collected, observing the rules regarding the protection of personal data, including those relating data security, in order to avoid data’s loss, illegal or not propered uses and not authorized accesses.
Categories Of Parties To Whom Personal Data Will Be Disclosed
Data provided by you will not be communicated to external parties, except for the candidatures and donations data, which may be communicated to subjects appointed by Jesuit Refugee Service- Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati, such as External Data Processors for purposes strictly related to the execution and management of services related to the management of applications and to the making of donations.
There is also the obligation of Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati to release information to the Judicial Authority, whenever required.
Rights Of Data Subjects
We remind you that you have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of the same data and to know its contents and origin, to verify the accuracy or to ask for its integration or updating, or the rectification (article 12 of the regulation).
In particular you have the right to obtain the indication about:
personal data’s origin;
processing’s purposes and terms;
logic applied in case of processing carried out with electronic instruments;
identification details of controller, the processors and the representative designated pursuant to article 5, paragraph 2 of regulation;
persons or categories of persons to whom personal data may be communicated or which may become acquainted with them as a representative designated in the territory of the State, processors or controllers.
You also have the right to obtain:
the updating, the rectification or, when you have interest, the integration of the data;
the deletion, the anonymous transformation or the blocking of the data processed in violation of the law, including those which are not necessary to the retention in relation to the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed;
the attestation that the actions referred to in (a) and (b)) have been brought to the knowledge, even with regard to their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or circulated, except the case in which such fulfilment is impossible or involves a use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right.
Complaint To The Supervisor Authority
Pursuant to art.77 of the Regulation, we remind you that you have the right to make a complaint to the Supervisor Authority (Italian Data Protection Authority) if you think that the processing of your data is performed in violation of the provisions of the Regulation.
Mandatory Or Optional Nature Of Data’s Providing
Your personal data is necessary for the execution of the services offered by the http://jrs.net/website.
Therefore, failure to consent to the processing of the same could lead to the impossibility of Jesuit Refugee Service- Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati to provide the services that you have requested.
We specify that the optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail messages to the addresses indicated on this site involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, necessary to answer to requests, as well as any other personal data included in the communication.
Existence Of Automated Individual Decision Making In The Processing
It is specified that NO automated decision-making process is present for the treatment of the above data in accordance with article 22 of the Regulation.
Cookies Policy
This cookies policy is referred exclusively to the corporate Web site http://jrs.net/ and must be understood as an integral part of the Privacy policy reported on the same site.
Definitions, Characteristics And Application Of The Legislation
Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by the user send and register on their computer or mobile device, to be retransmitted to the same sites at the next visit.
Thanks to cookies, a site remembers the user’s actions and preferences (such as login data, the chosen language, font sizes, other display settings, etc.) so that they do not need to be re-indicated when the user returns to visit this site or navigate from one page to another of it.
Cookies, therefore, are used to perform computer authentication, session monitoring, and storage of information regarding the activities of users who access a site and may also contain a unique identifier that allows keeping track of the user’s navigation within the site for statistical or advertising purposes.
During the navigation on a site, the user may receive on his computer or mobile device also cookies of sites or web servers other than the one he is visiting (so-called “third party” cookies).
Some operations could not be accomplished without the use of cookies, which in some cases are therefore technically necessary for the same operation of the site.
There are various types of cookies, depending on their characteristics and functions, and these can remain in the user’s computer or mobile device for different periods of time: so-called session cookies, which is automatically deleted when the browser closes; so-called persistent cookies, which remain on the user’s equipment up to a fixed deadline.
According to the regulations in force in Italy, the user’s express consent is not always required for the use of cookies. In particular, the “technical cookies”, i.e. those used only for the purpose of transmitting a communication on an electronic communication network, or to the extent strictly necessary to provide a service explicitly requested by the user, don’t request this consent.
In other words, these are the cookies that are indispensable to the operation of the site or necessary to perform tasks required by the user.
Among the technical cookies, which do not require an express consent for their use, the Guarantor for the protection of personal data in Italy (see Provision “Identification of the simplified modalities for the information and the acquisition of the consent for the use of the cookies” of May 8, 2014, hereinafter only “Provision”) also includes:
the “navigation or session cookies” (to authenticate);
the “analytics cookies” where used directly by the site manager to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and how they visit the site;
the “feature cookies”, which allow the user to navigate according to a set of selected criteria (for example, the language, the selected products for the purchase) in order to improve the service.
For the “profiling cookies “, vice versa, i.e. those designed to create user profiles and used in order to send advertisements in line with the preferences expressed by the same in the context of the network browsing, is required a prior consent of the user.
Which Cookies We Use
No personal data about users is acquired by the site.
Cookies are not used for the transmission of personal information, nor are so-called persistent cookies of any kind, or systems for tracking users.
This site uses only cookies classified, according to their characteristics, in:
Navigation/session cookies
The use of the so-called navigation/session cookies – which are not stored persistently on the user’s computer and are deleted by closing the browser – is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of numbers server-generated randoms) needed to enable safe and efficient browsing of the site.
In particular, the computer systems and software procedures that are involved in the operation of the Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati web site acquire, during their normal exercise, certain data whose transmission is implicit in the use of the Internet communication protocols. These are informations that are not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but which, by their very nature could, through elaborations and associations with data held by third parties, allow to identify users.
Analytics cookies
The use of the so-called analytics cookies is only for the purpose of deriving anonymous statistical informations on the use of the site (e.g. the number of visitors to the site, the origin of the visitors or the operating system used) and to check the correct site’s operation.
In this category of data there are the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users who connect to the site, the addresses, in the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) notation, of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used when submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (good end, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and the user’s computing environment.
Feature cookies
The use of the so-called feature cookies on the Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati web site is only to allow the user to navigate in accordance with the chosen language (Italian or English).
Third-party cookies
The Jesuit Refugee Service – Servizio dei Gesuiti per i Rifugiati website uses cookies from the following third parties: youtube.com
Check Settings And Disabling Of Cookies
Please note that you may express your options regarding the use of cookies by the http://.jrs.net, also through your browser settings or through the Youronlinechoices website.
Here are the links that explain the steps to follow to configure the most used browser settings:
Mozilla firefox
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Opera
Safari
Make a gift today to help us continue accompanying refugees worldwide.
Give now
This site uses session, functional, analytics and third-party cookies to improve your experience. Please click on "learn more" to read our cookies policy. AcceptLearn MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.