https://kab.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Updated May 25, 2018
Privacy Policy
Keep America Beautiful, Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to
explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect
the information you provide to us.  We strive to handle all sensitive
and personal user information in a responsible manner, and in accordance
with applicable data privacy laws and the General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”).
Unless you tell us otherwise, when you provide your information we
assume you are agreeing to allow us to use and disclose it as allowed by
law, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and in furtherance of our
mission.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should stop using our website and other services immediately.
Keep America Beautiful does not require you to register or furnish
any personal information as a condition of using our sites.  But if you
choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to
purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our
sites.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read
this Privacy Policy.  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to
time.  When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by
posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date.
In some cases, you may be asked to agree again to our Privacy Policy or
other terms, even if you have already agreed to accept them, because
there were changes. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become
effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
This Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected by Keep America Beautiful;How such information is used;With whom your information may be shared;What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information; andHow you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Keep America Beautiful by sending an email to info@kab.org,
or by writing to us at Keep America Beautiful, Inc., 1010 Washington
Boulevard, Stamford, Connecticut 06901. Please reference this Privacy
Policy in your communication.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
We may collect Personal Information in the following ways:
Personal Information may be collected via the internet, by
phone, using our apps, in person, by email, in writing or in any other
way;We may collect your name, email address, mailing address, and/or
telephone number when you become a financial supporter, inquire about
our activities and services, engage with our social media, download and
install one of our apps, make a donation, sign up to receive emails,
create an online account, purchase something from us, participate in
surveys, questionnaires or promotions, register for or engage in one of
our events, or otherwise provide us with personal information that may
be used by Keep America Beautiful to deliver its services;We or our service providers may collect payment card or similar
information when you provide it in connection with a purchase, donation
or other form of transaction;We or our service providers may capture the IP address and ID of the
device(s) you use to connect to our websites and mobile apps.  An IP
address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when
you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems
with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’
movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in
order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized
content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information; andWe or our service providers may use cookies, web beacons or other
technologies to collect and store other information about your visit to,
or use of, our online services.  Cookies are pieces of information that
some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website
and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of
cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as
saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of
the particular website and to make sure you don’t see the same ad
repeatedly.  Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if
you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the
configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have
your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site
will not function properly when you view them.We may later associate the usage and other information we collect online with personal information about you.Keep America Beautiful may provide its users with chat rooms,
forums, message boards and/or news groups. Please remember that any
information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you
should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.  We do not usually collect ‘sensitive personal data’ from you unless
there is a clear reason for doing so, such as where we need this
information to ensure that we provide appropriate facilities or support,
to enable you to enjoy everything we offer. Examples of sensitive
personal data we may hold could include health information that comes as
a result of knowing your access or other requirements when engaging
with our events, activities and programs, your gender from your title or
name, or religious information that comes as a result of knowing your
dietary requirements for any hospitality or catered events that you
partake in with us.
The information we collect may be used in a number of ways, including:
Processing transactions;Responding to your requests and communicating with you;Performing analytics concerning your use of our online services;Providing you content and marketing messages;Reaching out to you with requests for your support, surveys and/or questionnaires;Operating, evaluating and improving our programs;For security purposes, your safety and the safety of others (for example, CCTV footage);Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant
industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies;For any other purposes that we may specifically disclose at the time you provide or we collect your information.
Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that
when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website
for which Keep America Beautiful has no responsibility. We encourage you
to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may
be different than ours.
How We Share Information
Except as set forth herein, Keep America Beautiful will neither
trade, share, sell, rent or transmit your personal information to other
organizations, companies or individuals, nor send donor mailings on
behalf of other organizations. We may share the information we collect
from and about you within our organization and with certain third
parties. For example, we may share your information with:
Our service providers, including credit card processing companies, to process your payments and donations;Third parties with whom we engage for marketing initiatives;Other Keep America Beautiful operated and affiliated websites, when permissible under relevant laws and regulations;Member organizations of our Keep America Beautiful national affiliate network; andOther third parties to comply with legal requirements such as the
demands of applicable subpoenas and court orders; to address fraud,
security or technical issues.
We may also share information to respond to an emergency; or
otherwise to protect the rights, property or security of our customers
or third parties.
We may also use data that we collect on an aggregate or anonymous
basis (meaning it does not identify any individuals) for various
purposes, where permissible under applicable laws and regulations, to
help deliver products, services, and content that are better tailored to
the users of our services and for other purposes.
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary than the reason(s) for which it was collected requires.
Security
All information provided to Keep America Beautiful is transmitted
using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding
system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data
before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing
it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain
qualified employees of Keep America Beautiful. Unfortunately, however,
no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive
to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
such information.
Opt-Out of Future Communications
You may opt-out from future communications at any time using the
links provided in the footer of all outgoing Keep America Beautiful
communications (such as email newsletters, fundraising appeals, etc.).
If you have created a user account on our site, you can customize your
preferences on your user profile page at any time. You may also remove
your name from our lists by contacting communications@kab.org.
Your Rights With Respect to Your Personal Information
You have certain rights that you can exercise under certain
circumstances with respect to your Personal Information that Keep
America Beautiful holds. These include your rights to:
Request access to your Personal Information;Request certain information related to the processing of your Personal Information;Correct any incorrect Personal Data maintained by us;Request that the we erase your Personal Information or cease processing it;object to the processing of your Personal Information;Withdraw any consent to processing that you previously gave; andInstruct Keep America Beautiful to cease using your data for direct marketing purposes.
If you want to exercise one or more of these rights, please contact us at communications@kab.org.
Keep America Beautiful may need to request specific information from
you to help confirm your identity and ensure your right to access
Personal Information or to exercise any of your other rights. This is
another appropriate security measure to ensure that Personal Information
is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Keep America Beautiful, you can
contact:
Keep America Beautiful1010 Washington Blvd.Stamford, CT 06901
You can also send an email to info@kab.org.