https://kainoscommunity.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Jobs
News & Events
Contact us
A
A
A
A
Search for:
Home › Privacy policy
Privacy policy
About us›
How you can help›
Challenge to Change›
Access our services›
Our impact›
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how Kainos Community as part of the Langley House Trust group collects, stores, uses (or “processes”), discloses and disposes of personal information.
1.          Introduction
1.1       This Privacy Policy provides details the personal information that we collect from you, how we use your personal information, your rights regarding the personal information that we hold about you and how to contact us or make a complaint. We are committed to protecting our supporters, teams, volunteers and any other party from whom we collect personal data.
1.2       We only collect and hold the data we need for the purposes you give us permission for – we do not hold excessive or unneeded data about you. We make sure that we only hold your data for as long as we need to. We endeavour to ensure that all of the information we hold about you is kept accurate and up to date.
1.3       We value everyone who interacts with us, if you have any feedback or questions, please get in touch with the Langley House Trust group:
Email: info@langleyhousetrust.org
Telephone: 03330 035 025
1.4       About us:
Kainos Community is part of the Langley House Trust group. We deliver Challenge to Change, a pioneering prison wing community and post-release mentoring programme. Regardless of a person’s history, our passion is to change every life for the better.
Our registered office is 3-4 The Square, Mansfield Avenue, Coventry, CV2 2QJ. We are a company limited by guarantee with the registered number 3771649. We are a charity registered with the Charity Commission with a registered charity number 1076206.
1.5       Kainos Community (as part of the Langley House Trust group) is a ‘data controller’. This means we usually decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
2.         What information do we collect?
2.1       Directly with us
We collect personal information from you whenever you sign up for events or communications. For example, when you provide details on a contact form, make a donation, sign up to attend an event or otherwise provide your personal details, we collect the information you provide.
2.2       From website interaction with us
We may collect non-personal data such as IP addresses, details of pages visited and files downloaded. Website usage information is collected using cookies. See our section on cookies below.
2.3       Where you give your permission to other organisations
We may collect information that you make available on, for example, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn or similar organisations. You may wish to check their privacy policy to find out more information on how they process your data.
2.4       Sensitive data
Where you provide the information, we may collect sensitive personal data, including but not limited to, your gender, age and religious beliefs.
3.         What do we do with your information?
3.1       We may use the personal data we collect to:
Keep you up-to-date on news and events about our mission and work
Send appeals and updates
Process donations you give us, including gift aid
Provide a personalised service, such as customised website content or personalised emails
Keep records of your relationship with us e.g. questions you have asked or complaints you have made
3.2       Basis of processing data
We must process information about you lawfully, transparently and fairly. This is the reason we are giving your this Privacy Policy.
Consent: If your first interaction with Kainowas on or after 25th May 2018, we will process your personal data on the basis of the consent you provided us with. You are free to retract this consent at any time by contacting us by telephone, post or email as shown in the section ‘What are your information rights?’ section below.
Legal obligation: We may also contact you by email, post or telephone where we have a legal obligation to do so. For example, where you have previously made a donation we may need to contact you regarding areas such as gift aid.
4.         How long do we hold your data for?
4.1       Kainos Community has a clear policy which sets out the length of time it will hold and process your information.  These timeframes can be found in the Langley House Trust group Personal Data Retention Periods list which is part of Langley’s Data Protection and Confidentiality Policy. This is available upon request.
4.2       For information on your information rights as of May 2018 see the ‘What are your information rights section?’ below.
5.         Security, storage and protection of your information
5.1       We ensure that we have in place appropriate technical controls in place to protect any personal data you provide. We ensure that access to personal data is restricted only to those staff members or volunteers whose job roles require such access and that suitable training is provided for these staff members and volunteers.
6.         When do we share your information?
6.1       We do not share or swap your information with other 3rd parties. We may need to pass on information if required by law or by a regulatory body, for example, a Gift Aid audit by the HMRC, or if asked for details by a law enforcement agency. In some cases, such as with our clients, there are other circumstances in which we share personal information.
6.2       If you would like to know more about our client data protection our ‘Client Privacy Notice’ is available on request.
7.         What are your information rights? (as of May 2018)
7.1       You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data. We endeavour to deliver transparency and always inform you on how we use your data. The how’s, why’s and what’s of using your data are detailed primarily in this privacy policy.
7.2       You have the right to read our privacy information before giving us your information. We make sure you have an opportunity to read this before you give us your data.
7.3       You are entitled to have our privacy policy within one month of us receiving your data from third parties. There are some exceptions to this rule, such as if you already have access to the privacy policy or if it would require a disproportionate amount of effort to provide you with it.
7.4       You have a right to access your personal data. Where we feel a request is excessive or requires significant administrative effort we can charge a fee.
7.5       You have the right to change inaccurate personal data we hold about you. You can make a request for us to do this verbally or in writing. Where we feel a request is excessive or requires significant administrative effort we can charge a fee.
7.6       You have the right to request that we erase all the personal data we hold about you. This is known commonly as ‘the right to be forgotten’.
7.7       You have the right to request the suppression or restriction of your personal data. Where data is restricted we are permitted to hold it but not use it. We have one calendar month to process this request, which can be made verbally or in writing.
7.8       You have the right to data portability, this means you should be able to easily copy, transfer or move personal data between different places, applications or services without effecting its usability or security.
7.9       These rights are not always absolute and certain exceptions apply to each one. We have up to one calendar month to respond to your requests. This can vary – for some requests it is 30 days. If you are in doubt or have any questions please get in touch.
8.         Cookies
8.1       We collect data using cookies – cookies are a normal feature on the majority of websites in use today.
8.2       You can normally turn off cookies from your browsers settings if you would like to. However some parts of our website may not work as well, or at all, for you.
8.3       We recommend that you opt in to cookies for an optimal experience of our website.
8.4       Cookies do various things, such as logging the details you use filling in a form, logging as you move from page to page, or logging whether you prefer a mobile or full size website. Often these are stored as a cookie, but can be saved in your browser instead.
9.         More information
9.1       For more information about your rights and privacy under the General Data Protection Regulation, visit the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office: www.ico.org.uk.
9.2       If you are unhappy with how we are using your personal information or if you wish to complain about our use of information, you can:
Contact our Data Protection Officer (as part of the Langley House Trust group).
Email: housingteam@langleyhousetrust.org
Phone: 02476 587360
Write to: Data Protection Officer, Langley House Trust, PO Box 6364, Coventry CV6 9LL
9.3       If we cannot resolve your complaint, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, which is the statutory regulator for data protection matters.  The Information Commission can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
9.4       If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, would like any further information or wish to discuss any of the above further, please contact us and let us know.
Social Media
Contact UsContact us