https://kairosofsandiego.org/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://kairosofsandiego.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Contact form submissions are used internally and are not shared with third-parties.
Cookies
If you visit our home page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you close a pop-up window or submit a form through a pop-up window,
we will set a temporary cookie so that you will not see the window for a set amount of time.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use analytics to collect aggregate data about the usage of this site. No personal data is collected.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have sent us information over this website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional Information
KAIROS of San Diego has the right to change this privacy policy at any time. If you have any questions about this privacy policy you may contact:
KAIROS of San DiegoP.O. Box 28781San Diego, CA 92169contactus@kairosofsandiego.org
We really do need you. If you feel called to bring the Light of Christ to those who are incarcerated, we are looking for you. Use the form below and let’s connect.
Name (required)
Email (required)
Phone
I am interested in volunteering with:
Kairos InsideKairos OutsideAgapeKairos CookiesOther
Your Comments or Questions (optional):