https://kansascityworkcomp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerKansas City Workers Compensation Lawyer | MissouriMissouri Workers Compensation AttorneyWorkers Comp
Missouri Nursing Home Workers
Missouri Auto Mechanics
Missouri Teachers
Missouri Assembly Line Workers
Light Duty Work
Work Injury
Amputation Injury
Slip and Fall at Work
Scaffolding Accident
Welding Injuries
Blunt Trauma Injuries
Forklift Crashes
Foot Injuries
Eye Injuries at Work
Asbestos Exposure
Traumatic Brain Injury
Assault in the Workplace
Shoulder Injury
Our Firm
Results
Forum
Contact
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Policy
The Law Office of James M. Hoffmann has created the following privacy statements to demonstrate our commitment to informed disclosure and to accurately communicate our use of your personal identifiable information. In order to comply with the principles of fair information practices, the following discloses the information gathering methods and intentions for use for this website. We want you to understand:
How and why your personal information is collected
What personally identifiable information is collected
How the information is used
With whom the information will be shared
2. Information Gathered / Use of Information
The Law Office of James M. Hoffmann website uses online forms for visitors to request information from or a consultation with attorney James M. Hoffmann. When you fill out one of these online contact forms on the website, you may be asked to provide certain personal information including your name, address, e-mail, and phone number. After you fill out this form, your message is automatically forwarded to the Law Office of James M. Hoffmann, and your contact information is saved in a database. This information will be used only by the Law Office of James M. Hoffmann and only to contact you in the manner of your specific request.
In addition, the Law Office of James M. Hoffmann website does not post any “cookies” or other identifiers on the computers of visitors to our site. Out of respect for you, we only practice the most secure, most respected, visitor-authorized methods of gathering information.
The information gathered on the site is treated as confidential internal information and is not shared with anybody outside the Law Office of James M. Hoffmann. The Law Office of James M. Hoffmann will never fully disclose personally identifiable information collected on its website to any third party without that person’s permission.
Footer Call Now (816) 399-3706
Or submit an online contact request:
Your Name (required)
Your Phone (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject (required)
Your Message
Search this website
What You Need To Know About Food Poisoning and Workers CompensationAugust 28, 2020 By James Hoffmann Leave a CommentAccording to the CDC, around 1 in 6 Americans get some sort of food poisoning every year, ranging from mild to more serious cases that may require … [Read More...] about What You Need To Know About Food Poisoning and Workers CompensationWhat is the Difference Between a Personal Injury Claim & a Work Injury Claim?August 25, 2020 By James Hoffmann Leave a CommentWorkers comp and personal injury claims are two distinct types of cases, but in certain situations, you may have a difficult time knowing which one … [Read More...] about What is the Difference Between a Personal Injury Claim & a Work Injury Claim?Does Workers Compensation Cover Independent Contractors in Missouri?August 21, 2020 By James Hoffmann Leave a CommentIt is important to understand that not all forms of employment are eligible for worker’s comp. However, there may be other legal options you can turn … [Read More...] about Does Workers Compensation Cover Independent Contractors in Missouri?How Can It Be Determine If a Work From Home Injury Is Work-Related?August 3, 2020 By James Hoffmann Leave a CommentIf you are injured on the job while working from home, can you still get workers compensation benefits?
These are unprecedented times, and many … [Read More...] about How Can It Be Determine If a Work From Home Injury Is Work-Related?
Copyright © 2020 ·
Law Office of James M. Hoffmann Powered By Outshine Media LLC Log inPrivacy PolicyDisclaimer
Law Office of James M. HoffmannServicing Kansas City Missouri for over 30 years.Kansas City, MOUSjames@kansascityworkcomp.comPhone: (816) 399-3706