http://kappaxiomega.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Guidelines: The purpose of this web site is to inform the world of Kappa Xi Omega Sorority ,Inc. It is our effort to continue our growth by providing the structure of our sisterhood, presenting information to potential members and enlightening current members of ongoing operations.
Website Privacy: By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set out below. We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.
Personal Information: Your name, personal postal / e-mail addresses and personal telephone number are private and confidential. Because your privacy is important to us, we maintain effective information protection policies. Such information is collected only when you voluntarily provide it, specifically when you send an email through the web site or complete an online form. The personal information you provide to us is forwarded only to concerned parties equipped to handle your request and is used only to respond to your inquiry. Personal information will not be sold to any third parties, nor will such information be added to bulk e-mail lists.
Site Activity Data:
Each time you come to this web site, our web server collects and logs certain information. These access logs are maintained for a reasonable period of time and include, but are not restricted to your machine’s TCP/IP address, date, time and files accessed. They also contain information about ‘referrer’ information if you clicked on an external link to Kappa Xi Omega Sorority, Inc. web site. The logs are used solely for performance, web site administration and security reviews. They are not sold or shared in any way to third party organizations.
Cookies: Portions of this web site may use cookies only for security and authentication purposes. This information is used solely to maintain your computer’s session to our server. This information is not shared or sold to third party organizations for any purpose. Any changes to Kappa Xi Omega Sorority, Inc. privacy policy will be promptly communicated on this web site. Policy changes will not alter how we handle previously submitted personal information.
Copyright Information:
The information on this web site is the property of Kappa Xi Omega Sorority,Inc. Unauthorized linking or reproduction of images or content is strictly prohibited. Please send inquiries to kappaxiomega@kappaxiomega.org requesting permission to link to this web site or to obtain consent to use any of the copyright images or information appearing on this site.
External Links: Any external link on any web page of this web site does not constitute endorsement by Kappa Xi Omega Sorority,Inc. of the information, products or services contained therein, unless otherwise stated. We take no responsibility for and exercise no control over the linked web sites, their views that may be represented, the accuracy, privacy policies, copyright or trademark compliance, or the legality of any material contained on those web sites.
Under no circumstances shall Kappa Xi Omega Sorority, Inc. be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites, or as a result of use of any information you provide to such web sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective web site administrator or webmaster.
Konnect with KappaInstagram did not return a 200.Follow Kappa Xi Omega on Instagram!
kappaxiomega@gmail.com
951-KAPPA-10