https://kbla.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
The following explains Kiesel Law LLP’s practices regarding collection and use of “personally identifiable information” transmitted through this website (the “Site”). Personally identifiable information is defined in California as including  any of the following: (1) A first and last name; (2) A home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town; (3) An e-mail address; (4) A telephone number; (5) A social security number; (6) Any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; (7) Information concerning a user that the Web site or online service collects online from the user and maintains in personally identifiable form in combination with an identifier described in subsections (1)–(6). Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22577(a).
Should you choose to share with Kiesel Law LLP any personally identifiable information by way of the “Live Chat” or “Contact Us” feature, or by any other means, we will not disclose, sell, or rent any of your information to any third party, unless approved by you, or required by law. Any external service provider who is engaged by the firm to assist in the collection of personally identifiable information has agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any other party. Please note that, although Kiesel Law LLP aims to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure, the firm obviously cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy and cannot guarantee that your information will not be intercepted during transmission.
Links to Other Sites
This Site contains links to other sites and if you choose to access those links, Kiesel Law LLP has no responsibility for your doing so. Kiesel Law LLP does not control the sites it has linked to and cannot guarantee the practices of those third-parties regarding data privacy and security. If you are concerned about what those third-party sites may track, we suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites, which may differ from the policy of this Site.
Cookies and Other Technologies
This Site uses “cookies” which help us to understand which parts of our website people have visited and help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat any information that is collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personally identifiable information. However, to the extent such information is combined with the personally identifiable information we do collect, we treat the combined information as personally identifiable information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Cookies are also used to control the number of times you see some of the content on this Site. We use them so as make your visit to our Site more convenient and personal. For example, there may be certain videos that play when you first visit our Site but after a number of visits we think you might not want to see that initial welcome video. If you want to disable cookies, check with the manufacturer of your browser to find out how to do so.
When you visit our Site, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, Internet Service Provider (“ISP”), referring pages, date/time stamp and clickstream data. We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the Site, to learn about user behavior on the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Kiesel Law LLP may use this information in our marketing and advertising services as it helps us determine how you arrived at our Site to begin with.
Do Not Track Notice
Kiesel Law LLP does not track visitors to its website over time and across third party websites and, therefore, does not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. However, some third party sites may do so and if you are concerned about such activities there are likely settings in your web browser than will alert potential third parties that you do not want to be tracked.
Questions/Comments
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by postal mail at:
Postal Mail:
Kiesel Law LLP
8648 Wilshire Boulevard
Beverly Hills, California 90211
Attn.: Website Privacy Policy
E-Mail:
support@kiesel-law.com
The above policies are effective as of July 30, 2014. Any material changes made to the above Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page and will be in effect as of the date and time accessed.