https://kbld.com/live-stream-privacy-policy/
Bold Radio KBLD | Live Stream Privacy PolicyLive Stream Privacy Policy | Bold Radio KBLD
Home
Contact Us
Programs & Schedule
Support BOLD Radio
Live Stream Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This streaming player is provided by Securenet Systems on behalf of the broadcaster.
Personal data processing and storage:
Securenet Systems does not process and/or store personal information about you, except as outlined below:
When a broadcaster displays an information collection form (such as demographics, where you can tell the station more about you, song requests, or similar types of contact forms). In this case, Securenet Systems collects the data and forwards it to the station; we do not store it, nor share it with anyone else.
When a broadcaster restricts access to authenticated users, in which case said broadcaster provides Securenet Systems with login credentials for validation purposes only. This information is being stored and processed by Securenet Systems, and is not shared with anyone else.
All personal information obtained by Securenet Systems is processed and stored in the United States of America.For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the controller of your personal information is Securenet Systems, 356 SW 12th Ave, Deerfield Beach, Florida, United States of America.
Retention period
We will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. audit, accounting and statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business.
Your rights
You can request to access, update or correct your personal information. You also have the right to object to direct marketing. You can contact us with your request as indicated below.
You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing. For example, if the processing of your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and your personal information is processed based on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing on grounds relating to your specific situation. Under GDPR you may also have the right to request to have your personal information deleted or restricted and ask for portability of your personal information.
Contact information
Please direct questions regarding Securenet Systems’ handling of your information to:
Securenet Systems
Data Protection Officer
356 SW 12th Ave
Deerfield Beach, FL 33442
U.S.A.
Third parties
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit this website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://networkadvertising.org/choices.
Our properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen Audio. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.
You Matter to Us
If you have prayer requests, questions, or if you just want to let us know how Jesus is working in your life:
call the office line:
509-392-8111
call the studio line:
509-392-4331
email
kbldfm91.7@gmail.com
10611 W Clearwater Ave.
Kennewick, WA 99336
Verse of the Week
13For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
14And if you are willing to receive it, he is Elijah who is to come.
15He who has ears to hear, let him hear!.
16“But to what shall I liken this generation? It is like children sitting in the marketplaces and calling to their companions,
17and saying:
‘We played the flute for you,
And you did not dance;
We mourned to you,
And you did not lament.’
18For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, ‘He has a demon.’
19The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and they say, ‘Look, a glutton and a winebibber, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!’ But wisdom is justified by her children.”
20Then He began to rebuke the cities in which most of His mighty works had been done, because they did not repent:
Matthew 11:13-20
About Us: build up educate
encourage
Programs & Schedule
Support Partners
Contact Us
Crosswalk
Links & Resources
Live Stream Privacy Policy
© Bold Radio KBLD
Public File Information
Top of the Page