http://kcpd.org/about/privacy-policy/
About
Privacy Policy
The Kansas City Missouri Police Department is committed to protecting your online privacy and the confidentiality of personal information you may provide while interacting with us online. This policy seeks to clarify our efforts and activities on the subject of privacy and related topics.
This privacy policy applies only to the official Kansas City Missouri Police Department website (kcpd.org) and to third-party sites that provide Internet related-services for the Kansas City Missouri Police Department under contract. When you follow a link to any other website, even the site of another governmental agency, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. You should check the privacy policy of each of these sites if you have concerns about how they handle personally identifiable information.
This policy may be updated periodically without notice, so please check back from time to time.
Automatic Collection of Information
No personally identifiable information is collected about visitors who simply browse this site or who download information from it.
Our web servers maintain logs of user activity in order to help us manage the website. Information stored in these logs does not identify you personally. The logs store such things as the domain name and IP address from which you accessed our website; the type of browser and operating system you used; the date and time you accessed our site; the pages you visited; and the country or region of the world from which you accessed this site.
We use this information to learn how many visitors we have, where they are coming from, which parts of our website are of most interest to visitors, and other facts that will help us improve the web site and the services we offer.
If You Send Us Personal Information
We value your feedback. If you participate in a survey or send us an e-mail, your e-mail address and the other information you volunteered will be collected. Visitors who request services through this site may be required to furnish additional information in order to provide the service requested. The additional information collected will be no more specific than if the visitor were requesting the service by any other means, including by telephone or an in-person visit to a KCPD facility. We may share this information with another government agency or organization if that is required to provide the help you are requesting.
Security of Your Personal Information
While no website can protect itself against all eventualities, every effort is made to protect any sensitive personal information you give us. At this time, this site does not process financial transactions.
We will not rent, sell or give away any information identifying you individually (name, address, phone number, etc.) to third parties for marketing or mailing list purposes without your permission.
Personally Identifiable Information Available From This Web Site
As a governmental agency, we are governed by Missouri open records laws. It’s important for you to understand that some of the business you conduct with the Kansas City Missouri Police Department, as well as with state and county governments, becomes a public record. Public records as defined by state law, and not made confidential elsewhere in the Missouri Code, may be posted for electronic access through this web site. These same records have long been open for public inspection by anyone requesting them in person, by mail or by telephone at the appropriate government office. All information on this web site is public information.
Access to Personal Information
We recognize the concerns visitors may have about public records that include information about them, including the right to correct inaccurate information. Any visitors concerned with the accuracy of information about them should email informant@kcpd.org.
Use of Cookies
The Kansas City Missouri Police Department website (kcpd.org) does not set or use cookies.
A cookie is a line of computer code left on your computer’s hard drive by some web sites when you visit them. The cookie can then be read by that site if you return to it. Cookies are useful for making web sites more personal, speeding up online transactions, tracking your preferences and habits, and so forth. Most cookies are harmless.
Children
No applications on the kcpd.org website specifically solicit information from minors or seek to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by e-mail will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult, may become a public record, and thus may be subject to public access. We ask that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online. We ask that children get their parents’ permission before providing any information on line.
Who to Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or about the website in general, please e-mail informant@kcpd.org.