http://kenneyconley.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 1, 2016
Thank you for visiting the website of Kenney & Conley, P.C./KenneyConley.com which provides general information about legal services and/or other general information and resources. The information contained herein is not legal advice or opinion and does not form an attorney/client relationship.
KenneyConley.com strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party.
This Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use set forth the conditions under which you may access and use the websites. By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use then in effect and by all applicable law. If you do not agree with any of the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, you should not access or use the website for any purpose. We reserve the right to terminate or limit your access to the website for any violation of either the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use or for any other reason, in our sole discretion.
How we gather information from users
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters. Like most Web sites, KenneyConley.com also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
What we do with the information we collect
We collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive).
We generally collect your personally identifiable information when you voluntarily submit it through any of the websites. You may submit and we may collect your name, e-mail address, or similar information when you choose to apply for a free case evaluation, register for or provide it on a discussion board or blogs.
We are not responsible for the data collection, privacy policies or any other websites that we may link to or that may link to our websites. We encourage you go read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by KenneyConley.com may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
By submitting information, including personally identifiable information to our websites, you consent to our use and disclosure of such information in any manner permitted by law, and acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy, confidentiality, or privilege in such information once submitted.
You consent that any information you submit to Kenney & Conley, P.C., other users, and other third-parties over the websites may be collected, used, shared, or disclosed in evaluate whether to represent you (and it may be shared with other law firms for this purpose) and/or to provide you with legal services if you are or become a client.
Moreover we may use such information to monitor and analyze our business or website operations, be incorporated into our database for mailings or other purposes and be provided to our affiliates, business partners, or others who work for us such as service providers, vendors, contractors and agents, and/or to other unaffiliated third parties, for marketing or other business purposes.
Please note that any communication, material or content you submit, post or access on an interactive discussion board, blog, other public area, or other interactive function on the websites is a public or other non-private communication, and may be viewed by the general public and/or by the other website users with whom it is shared. Such information can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge which is beyond our control.
Protection of Information
We will make reasonable efforts to protect personally identifiable information that you submit to us through this website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, which may include the use of firewalls and other security measures on our servers. However, we do not warrant or represent that our level of security meets or exceeds any particular standard, and no server or internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. You should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information to websites, including ours. Similarly, any information that you send us in an e-mail message or other form through the websites is not confidential or privileged, and may be subject to applicable disclosure and reporting requirements, as required by law.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
KenneyConley.com expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a KenneyConley.com page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through KenneyConley.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information or websites, offered by other parties. KenneyConley.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.
While on our site, other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. KenneyConley.com does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
Children
KenneyConley.com does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. The content of this website is directed to persons age 18 and older. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe KenneyConley.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at (781) 848-9891.
Confidentiality of Codes, Passwords and Information
You agree to treat as strictly private and confidential any Subscriber Code, username, user ID, or password which you may have received from Kenney & Conley, P.C., and all information to which you have access through password-protected areas of Kenney & Conley, P.C.’s websites and will not cause or permit any such information to be communicated, copied or otherwise divulged to other persons. Please see our Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein and made a part hereof.
Changes to this Policy
KenneyConley.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Massachusetts law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
KenneyConley.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Massachusetts. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use please call us at (781) 848-9891.
Leave your comment CancelYou must be logged in to post a comment.