http://kerusso.com/pages/terms
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Kerusso.com Terms of Use
Terms of Use ("Terms")
Last updated: July 31, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the http://www.kerusso.com website operated by Kerusso, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Kerusso website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Kerusso website.
By accessing or using the Kerusso website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Kerusso website.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Kerusso website, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase. To access a full list of information that may be collected please see our Privacy Policy page located at https://www.kerusso.com/pages/privacy-policy.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our website immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share, and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the…
The product images on the Kerusso website are the property of Kerusso. These products help proclaim the Good News of Jesus Christ. From the sales of these products, the gospel is preached; charities and organizations are supported around the world; and jobs are directly or indirectly provided to hundreds of people and their families. When an individual, or another company, uses or sells our designs as their own, our livelihood, reputation, and mission are jeopardized. Any duplication of the images you see is prohibited by United States and International Copyright Law.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Kerusso.
Kerusso has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Kerusso shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at webcustomerservice@kerusso.com.