https://kingschurchhx.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyRyan Colley2020-03-23T16:32:20+00:00
The King’s Church – Halifax: Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and Terms and Conditions
1. Personal data we process
The following table explains the types of data we collect and the legal basis, under current data protection legislation, on which this data is processed.
Purpose
Data (Key elements)
Basis
Making a donation
Name, email address, payment information.
Legitimate interests - this information for us to fulfil your intention of donating money.
Gift Aid
Name, email address, confirmation that you are a UK taxpayer.
Legitimate interests - this information is necessary for us to claim Gift Aid after you have made a donation.
Website Functionality
Website activity collectd through cookies.
Legitimate interests - it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality that you would expect, such as the use of Google Analytics
2. How we use your data
We will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected, as set out in the table at the top of this policy.
For example, we may use your personal information to:
Reply to enquiries you send to us.
Handle donations or other transactions that you initiate.
3. When we share your data
We will not normally share any information we hold about you with others without your prior consent, unless one of the following exceptions apply. We will only pass your data to third parties in the following circumstances:
You have provided your explicit consent for us to pass data to a named third party.
We are using a third party purely for the purposes of processing data on our behalf and we have in place a data processing agreement with that third party that fulfils our legal obligations in relation to the use of third-party data processors; or
We are required by law to share your data.
In addition, we will only pass data to third parties outside of the EU where appropriate safeguards are in place as defined by Article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Third Parties we may share your data with based on these reasons are:
HMRC
PayPal
4. How long we keep your data
We will retain your information for as long as you are registered with us. You may request at any time for your information to be removed from our database or to change the way you are contacted (See the Rights you have to your data section below). Even if your information is removed from our database, some personal information will continue to be archived in line with HRMC or other legal regulations, or to continue providing you with a service you are currently using; such as making regular donations to the church.
5. Rights you have over your data
AS an individual, you have control over what information we hold about you, how it is used and whether you are happy for us to keep it. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) states that you have a range of rates over your data, which includes the following:
The right to be informed – to know what information we collect about you and why. This Privacy Policy is in response to this right.
The right of access – to see what information we hold about you and to verify the lawfulness of our processing of your data.
The right to rectification – to rectify the information we hold if it is incomplete or inaccurate.
The right to erasure – “to be forgotten”; to have your information removed.
The right to restrict processing – to change the way in which we use your data.
The right to data portability – to obtain your information in order to transfer it to another service or organisation.
The right to object; and – to object to the way in which we are using your data.
The right no to be subjected to automatic decision-making including profiling – to have your information removed from any databases subject to automatic decision-making processes.
To exercise any of your rights regarding your personal information, please contact the admin at admin@thekingscentre.com
6. Cookies and usage tracking
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, e.g. remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket and counting the number of people looking at a website.
Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers and devices. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google’s privacy policy is available at https://policies.google.com/privacy
7. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: Your IP Address, your country of access, your time spent on our website and content you have viewed.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies, or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited too, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions and the overall privacy policy.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of this website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
8. Copyright Notice
This website and its content is the copyright of The King’s Church – Halifax. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal use and non commercial use only.
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other websites or form of electronic retrieval system.
9. Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by The King’s Church – Halifax and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services or related graphics contained on the website for any purposes. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of The King’s Church – Halifax. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, The King’s Church – Halifax takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
10. Security Certificate
All transactions on https://kingschurchhx.org.uk/ are carried out over an SSL Encrypted secure connection. We do this using industry standard technology. The padlock symbol, next to the URL in your browser window confirms this level of encryption.
11. Modifications
We may modify this Policy from time to time and will publish the most current version on our website. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify people whose personal data we hold is affected.
Go to Top