https://knoxrmhc.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Ronald McDonald House Charities of Knoxville, Inc. (RMHC) is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its online privacy policy. Please be assured that RMHC uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this Web site.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
RMHC of Knoxville gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
Security of Donor Information
Donor information is stored within a donor management database within RMHC. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMHC of Knoxville to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.  Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHC of Knoxville does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties. RMHC of Knoxville reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Cookies
While we do use cookies and Google Analytics, we do so only for tracking demographics and site visits from our viewers.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHC. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy became effective on April 15, 2011. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHC to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
DONATE
VOLUNTEER