https://komornlaw.com/privacy-policy/
248-357-2550
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
KOMORNLAW.COM
At KOMORNLAW.COM, accessible at KOMORNLAW.COM, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by KOMORNLAW.COM and how we use it.
LOG FILES
KOMORNLAW.COM follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Your internet service provider may also do this.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Like any other website, KOMORNLAW.COM uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
ADS
Yes we may advertise, accept sponsors and promotions on our site to help pay the bills or sponsor events. Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.KOMORNLAW.COM and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data.  Please check other advertisers or other third party privacy policies for their privacy information. Here’s one for Google. https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
PRIVACY POLICY
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on KOMORNLAW.COM, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that KOMORNLAW.COM has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
GEO-LOCATION INFORMATION
If you are accessing any service from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may or may not be asked to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on our services or on other services.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.  Only because we will probably be threatened and forced to.
In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we, or one of our other sites, are acquired by, sold to, merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity.
Our agents who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is both common sense and within their control.
Here’s the bottom line…Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities, we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
THIRD PARTY POLICIES
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY SITES, AD SERVERS, AND SPONSORS
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or like what are cookies, etc., whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  We make an effort to check these sites before linking them but they can change at any time without our knowledge.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
The internet operates globally so your information may become international. In particular, your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many databases operate. The data protection and other laws of other countries, such as the United States, may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected by the limited authority and control we have. By using this site and anything linked to this site you consent to your information is being collected and used.
MINOR INFORMATION
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
KOMORNLAW.COM does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in KOMORNLAW.COM. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Note that KOMORNLAW.COM has no access to or control over third-party activities.
CONTENT
Website content is obtained through third party, posts, news, hearsay, information, talk, whispers, releases and many other forms of communication visually, aurally and forwarded to our populators.  The accuracy, legality and factual information regarding the website content is not always checked for truthfulness, facts or current legal status.  Go do your own due diligence and check the facts while also consulting an attorney.
CONSENT
By using our website, you hereby consent to so many things as well as our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions and the risk the internet imposes on everyone, everyday and every second.  We have no control over the security of the servers we use or control over the person(s) with nothing better to do than to try and ruin the internet for the rest of us…as always one ruins it for many.
OPT OUT
If you wish to opt out of all this craziness please exit the site immediately.  If you desire to totally opt out of every form of data collection you should also probably shut all your device off and never use them or any another form of communication again.  It has been suggested throwing them in the river but that would shorten the 12 years the earth has left. Just take a hammer to them and throw them in the recycle bin…worked for the Clintons.
DISCLAIMER
All information presented or found on KomornLaw.com or any of its associate sites, linked sites or any information at all is for entertainment purposes only and should be researched, verified and probably reviewed by a professional for factual status.
Recent PostsHouse passes historic bill to decriminalize cannabisDecember 4, 2020U.N. Reclassifies Cannabis as a Less Dangerous DrugDecember 2, 2020THE EFFECT OF CANNABIS COMPARED WITH ALCOHOL ON DRIVINGNovember 30, 2020 Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
November 2014
August 2014
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Bad Judges
Blog
Cannabis Business Development
Cannabis Defense Day
Cannabis Science
Court Case Files
Criminal Defense
Criminal Defense Attorney Michael Komorn
Federal Laws
Forfeiture
Health Benefits of Marijuana
Hemp
Homeslider
Komorn Law Blog
Komorn Law In The News
LARA-MMFLA Info
Legalization
Macomb County Criminal Defense Attorney Michael Komorn
Marijuana Criminal Defense Attorney Michael Komorn
Marijuana Regulatory Agency
Medical Marihuana Review Panel
Medical Marijuana
Medical Marijuana Attorney Michael Komorn
Michigan DUI Criminal Defense Attorney Michael Komorn
Michigan Medical Marhuana Regulation
Michigan Medical Marijuana Act
Michigan Medical Marijuana Association
Michigan Medical Marijuana Criminal Defense
Michigan Medical Marijuana Criminal Defense Attorney Michael Komorn
News
Planet Green Trees Radio
Recent Victories
Record Expungement
Recreational Marijuana
Services
Stoned Driving
Supreme Court Ruling
Testimonial
Uncategorized
Victories Project
Videos
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/
https://twitter.com/
https://www.linkedin.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfr64zoBTAQ