https://koonsfuller.com/disclaimer-and-privacy-policy/
We're operating at full capacity for you and your family. Learn about our COVID-19 Plan.
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Only those attorneys specifically listed in this web site as board certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization have this certification. The principal offices of KoonsFuller, P.C.  1717 McKinney Avenue Suite 1500 Dallas, Texas 75202 Phone: (214) 871-2727 Fax: (214) 871-0196
The content of this web site has been written or gathered by KoonsFuller, P.C. and its representatives, for informational purposes only. It is not intended to be and is not considered to be legal advice, nor as proposing any type of transaction. Legal advice of any nature should be sought from legal counsel.
No communication between you and KoonsFuller, P.C. via this web site should be interpreted as establishing an attorney/client relationship. WARNING: Do not use the applied e-mail interface to send any privileged or confidential information. Internet messages can be intercepted. Further, we cannot maintain the confidentiality of information received outside of an attorney/client relationship. Confidential information about your question or problem may be communicated at a later time after an attorney/client relationship has been established.
In order to preserve and safeguard relationships with our current and former clients, KoonsFuller, P.C. must observe certain formalities before agreeing to represent anyone in a particular matter.
Our duties to existing and former clients require us, before assuming any new matters, to determine whether or not we may represent or advise you in light of any actual or potential conflicts with our existing or former clients or duties that the firm may owe. Until those prerequisites are completed, you should not consider any communication with us by letter, facsimile transmission, telephone, Internet, e-mail or otherwise as privileged or confidential.
Information About Fraudulent Emails and Phone Calls Referencing KoonsFuller, P.C.
KoonsFuller, P.C. is one of the largest and most prominent family law firms in the United States. The size and prominence of our Firm unfortunately sometimes attracts the attention of unscrupulous individuals who falsely claim to work for KoonsFuller, P.C. and/or use our Firm’s name to advance fraudulent schemes against innocent people.
Scams and other security risks are rampant on the internet, and we recommend you take steps to protect yourself and the security of your information. While we routinely report such abuses to law enforcement agencies, the nature and volume of these scams and frauds makes it impossible for our Firm to prevent the misuse of KoonsFuller, P.C.’s name and the names of our lawyers.
Among the various recent misrepresentations referencing KoonsFuller, P.C. are: individuals falsely claiming to be from KoonsFuller, P.C. and making offers of employment or soliciting personal information or job application fees via email, or supposedly on behalf of a company using KoonsFuller, P.C., as a legal reference or point of contact for such purposes; individuals falsely claiming to be from KoonsFuller, P.C. or sending fake invoices seeking payment, including wire transfer instructions; individuals falsely claiming to be KoonsFuller, P.C. lawyers handling consumer debt collection cases and threatening wage garnishment or arrest if funds are not provided immediately; individuals falsely claiming to be KoonsFuller, P.C. lawyers requesting to facilitate payment of money urgently for the benefit of a family member who has been in an automobile accident or other emergency; individuals falsely claiming to be from KoonsFuller, P.C. and forwarding supposed court notices that require an immediate response. This is not an exhaustive list of scams; new ones are being devised by criminals all the time.
What should you do?
To report a potential email or telephone or other scam, we recommend you contact the relevant police or government authorities in your jurisdiction. For example, in the U.S. you can file reports with the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center or “IC3” (including for cyber crime schemes and frauds that victimize individuals and businesses), and/or the FTC’s Complaint Assistant website (for identity theft, imposter scams and rip-offs, bogus requests for money, etc.). Various cybercrime reporting websites within the European Union can be found via Europol. Also, OnGuardOnline has information about protecting against and reporting suspected online scams, as do other government websites. If you receive an email or threatening telephone call from someone claiming to be from KoonsFuller, P.C. and offering employment or seeking payment of money or personal information, we suggest:
Communicate with such person using only the contact information provided for him or her on our website, koonsfuller.com, i.e. do not communicate via other email addresses or telephone numbers or text messaging. For example, if the sender is using a non-KoonsFuller, P.C. email address and/or justifies this on the basis that his or her KoonsFuller, P.C. account is not working, you should insist on contacting the sender only via the contact information on our website.
Attempt to independently verify, including by telephone, the legitimacy of the caller’s identity, for example by calling one of our offices using phone numbers listed on our Contact Us page.
Do not send the email sender or caller any money.
Do not give the email sender or caller any personal or financial information about yourself, for example, your bank accounts or credit card numbers.
Report the fraudulent email or call to the police or other relevant authorities.
In addition, if you receive a suspicious email referencing our Firm or appearing to be from our Firm (e.g. from a “spoofed” KoonsFuller, P.C. email address, which does not end in “@koonsfuller.com”), we suggest the following:
Do not open or click on any links contained in the email.
Do not open or download any attachments to the email.
Do not respond to the email in any way or provide any personal or confidential information in reply to the email.
Do not send any money in response to the email.
If applicable, forward the suspicious email to your organization’s IT Department and ask that they inspect the message to determine legitimacy.
Delete (permanently) the message from your email account.
If you have questions about the security of your computer or suspect the security of your computer has been compromised, we recommend you contact your IT support team, computer manufacturer or internet service provider.
KoonsFuller, P.C. is not involved in the scams listed above or any other scams. Note that we do not conduct Firm business via web-based email accounts such as gmail.com, hotmail.com or yahoo.com, or personal email addresses, and we generally do not conduct Firm business by instant messaging. Neither KoonsFuller, P.C. nor its lawyers or employees can accept any responsibility for the criminal conduct of a third party claiming to use the Firm’s name.
Under Texas Health and Safety Code, Sec. 181.154 – HB 300, effective September 1, 2012
Because KoonsFuller, P.C.,  gathers, stores, and electronically transmits medical records (Protected Health Information – PHI) in the course of our representation of our clients, we are required to post a notice to clients that their protected health information is subject to electronic disclosure.
Texas and Federal Law prohibits any electronic disclosure of a client’s protected health information to any person without a separate authorization from the client or the client’s legally authorized representative for each disclosure. This authorization for disclosure may be made in written or electronic form or in oral form if it is documented in writing by our law firm.
The authorization for electronic disclosure of protected health information described above is not required if the disclosure is made: to another covered entity, as that term is defined by Section 181.001, or to a covered entity, as that term is defined by Section 602.001, Insurance Code, for the purpose of: treatment; payment; health care operations; performing an insurance or health maintenance organization function described by Section 602.053, Insurance Code; or as otherwise authorized or required by state or federal law. In other words, no further release is necessary for electronic disclosure to other health care providers, insurance companies, governmental agencies, or defense lawyers representing adverse parties.