https://ktlf.radio/terms-of-service/
TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome to KTLF Radio Network! Thank you for using the KTLF Radio Network Service and for taking the time to read this document. KTLF Radio Network ("KTLF Radio Network ", "we", "us", and/or “our”) provides a radio and TV tuning service (the " KTLF Radio Network Service") through the website KTLF.org as well as other websites owned or operated by KTLF Radio Network (the "Sites") and through our mobile applications or web applications (collectively, " KTLF Radio Network Apps"). Your use of the KTLF Radio Network Service provided through or in connection with the Sites and KTLF Radio Network Apps and your viewing of the content available at the Sites and KTLF Radio Network Apps, is subject to these Terms of Service and the current KTLF Radio Network Privacy Policy published at https://ktlf.radio/privacy-policy/. By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you consent to KTLF Radio Network’s collection, use and disclosure of your data, including your personally identifiable information (“PII”), with respect to your use of the KTLF Radio Network Service (as described in our Privacy Policy). These Terms of Service govern access to and use of the KTLF Radio Network Service and any content, information, products or services therein, by all users and content providers. This is a legal agreement between you and KTLF Radio Network.
If you do not accept these terms of service in their entirety, you may not access or use or link your content on the KTLF Radio Network service. If you are accessing and using the KTLF Radio Network service on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these terms of service, and all references to "you" in these terms of service apply to the company or legal entity.
Important notice regarding arbitration: When you agree to these terms of service you are agreeing (with limited exception) to resolve any dispute between you and KTLF Radio Network through binding, individual arbitration rather than in court. Please review carefully Section 12 “Dispute Resolution for Consumers” below for details regarding arbitration (including the procedure to opt out of arbitration).
1. GENERAL
Third-Party Links on the KTLF Radio Network Service. The websites (including the online streaming audio and/or TV stations) displayed as search results or linked to by the KTLF Radio Network Service are owned and operated by individuals and/or companies over whom KTLF Radio Network exercises no control. KTLF Radio Network assumes no responsibility for the content of any website or other resource included in any search results or otherwise linked to by the KTLF Radio Network Service. As an example, logos as well as links to radio station streams or TV stations are the copyright or trademarks of each respective radio station or TV station. If, for any reason, the owner and operator of a linked website wishes the link from the KTLF Radio Network Service to be deleted, they must contact KTLF Radio Network (thelight@ktlf.org) and expressly request such deletion.
Personal Use Only. The KTLF Radio Network Service is made available for your personal, non-commercial use only. Use of KTLF Radio Network to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to your website for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales is expressly forbidden. You may not take the results from a KTLF Radio Network search and reformat and display them, or mirror the KTLF Radio Network home page or results pages on your website, or send automated queries to KTLF Radio Network system without express permission from KTLF Radio Network.
You cannot use KTLF Radio Network service in any commercial activity. For more information please contact us at thelight@ktlf.org.
2. CONTENT
Certain types of content are made available through the KTLF Radio Network Service. " KTLF Radio Network Content" as used in these Terms of Service means, collectively, the text, audio, data, graphics, images, photos and video files made available through the KTLF Radio Network Service, excluding User Submissions. "User Submissions"as used in these Terms of Service means, collectively, the text, audio, data, graphics, images, photos and other content and information which KTLF Radio Network members post, upload and otherwise submit to the KTLF Radio Network Service, including without limitation in member created profile pages. User Submissions also include the sound recordings, musical works, audiovisual content or other content embodied therein of any online streaming TV or radio station whose station is linked through the KTLF Radio Network Service.
KTLF Radio Network reserves the right to remove and permanently delete any KTLF Radio Network content or user submissions from the KTLF Radio Network service without notice or liability to you.
3. Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal
KTLF Radio Network does not claim any ownership rights in any User Submissions and nothing in these Terms of Service will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Submissions. Subject to the foregoing, KTLF Radio Network and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the KTLF Radio Network Service and KTLF Radio Network Content, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the KTLF Radio Network Service and KTLF Radio Network Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Please also note that product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks included in the User Submissions and featured or referred to within the KTLF Radio Network Sites and the KTLF Radio Network Service are the property of their respective trademark holders. These trademark holders are not affiliated with KTLF Radio Network or the KTLF Radio Network Service. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the KTLF Radio Network Service or KTLF Radio Network Content.
Rights in User Submissions Granted by You. By making any User Submissions available through the KTLF Radio Network Service you hereby grant to KTLF Radio Network a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform and distribute your User Submissions in connection with operating and providing the KTLF Radio Network Service and KTLF Radio Network Content to you and to other account holders. If you are a radio or TV station broadcasting entity whose station is linked through the KTLF Radio Network Service, in addition to the foregoing license, you hereby grant KTLF Radio Network the right to include your User Submissions in the KTLF Radio Network search directory of radio or TV stations and other online content.
License to Your Marks. If you are a radio or TV station broadcasting entity whose station is linked through the KTLF Radio Network Service, you hereby grant to KTLF Radio Network and its licensees a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free and sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, resize, distribute, publicly display and publicly perform your logos and trademarks and/or service marks (collectively, the “Marks”) that you make available to KTLF Radio Network via the KTLF Radio Network Service to advertise, market and promote your radio or TV station and the availability of your station on or through the KTLF Radio Network Service or the Sites in any and all media now known or hereafter devised. Subject to the foregoing license, you otherwise retain all right, title and interest in and to your Marks, and in all intellectual property rights embodied therein.
Responsibility for User Submissions. You are solely responsible for all your User Submissions. You represent and warrant that you own all your User Submissions or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Submissions under these Terms of Service. You also represent and warrant that neither your User Submissions, nor your use and provision of your User Submissions to be made available through the KTLF Radio Network Service, nor any use of your User Submissions by KTLF Radio Network on or through the KTLF Radio Network Service will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Removal of User Submissions. You can remove your User Submissions by specifically deleting them. However, in certain instances, some of your User Submissions (such as posts or comments you make) may not be completely removed and copies of your User Content may continue to exist on the KTLF Radio Network Service. We are not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your User Submissions.
Rights in Content Granted by KTLF Radio Network. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Service, KTLF Radio Network grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, download, view, copy, display and print the KTLF Radio Network Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the KTLF Radio Network Service and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
4. Rights and Terms for KTLF Radio Network Apps
Rights in KTLF Radio Network Apps Granted by KTLF Radio Network. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Service, KTLF Radio Network grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install a copy of the KTLF Radio Network Apps on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the KTLF Radio Network Apps solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes. You may not copy the KTLF Radio Network Apps, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Service, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the KTLF Radio Network Apps; (ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the KTLF Radio Network Apps to any third party; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the KTLF Radio Network Apps; or (iv) make the functionality of the KTLF Radio Network Apps available to multiple users through any means. KTLF Radio Network reserves all rights in and to the KTLF Radio Network Apps not expressly granted to you under these Terms of Service.
Accessing KTLF Radio Network Apps from App Store. The following terms apply to any KTLF Radio Network Apps accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the KTLF Radio Network Apps may now or in the future be made available (each an “App Provider”). You acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms of Service are concluded between you and KTLF Radio Network, and not with the App Provider, and KTLF Radio Network (not the App Provider), is solely responsible for the KTLF Radio Network Apps.
The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the KTLF Radio Network Apps.
In the event of any failure of the KTLF Radio Network Apps to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the KTLF Radio Network Apps to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the KTLF Radio Network Apps. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of KTLF Radio Network.
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the KTLF Radio Network Apps or your possession and use of the KTLF Radio Network Apps, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the KTLF Radio Network Apps fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the KTLF Radio Network Apps or your possession and use of that KTLF Radio Network Apps infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, KTLF Radio Network will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms of Service.
The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service as related to your license to the KTLF Radio Network Apps, and that, upon your acceptance of the Terms of Service, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service as related to your license of the KTLF Radio Network Apps against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the KTLF Radio Network Apps.
5. Feedback
We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the KTLF Radio Network Service (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing KTLF Radio Network at thelight@ktlf.org. You grant to KTLF Radio Network a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.
6. Your Obligations When Using the KTLF Radio Network Service
The KTLF Radio Network Service may be used and accessed for lawful and non-commercial purposes only. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treatises and regulations, including laws governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of PII ((including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection (EU 2016/679) (the “GDPR”)) applicable to your business and operations and in connection with your use of the KTLF Radio Network Service. Where required, you shall be responsible for collecting verifiable consent (as defined under the GDPR) related to any PII collected, used, maintained, and shared with KTLF Radio Network, and otherwise have any and all rights required to provide such data to KTLF Radio Network, and ensure that any such data was properly obtained.
In addition, without limitation, you agree that you will not do any of the following while using or accessing the Sites or KTLF Radio Network Apps:
Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the KTLF Radio Network Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any KTLF Radio Network Content;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit (i) any User Submission to which you do not have the lawful right to copy, transmit and display (including any User Submission that would violate any confidentiality or fiduciary obligations that you might have with respect to the User Submission); (ii) any User Submission for which you do not have the consent or permission of each identifiable person in the User Submission to use the name, voice, signature, photograph, or likeness of each such person (to the extent each is implicated by the User Submission) and such consent or permission is necessary; or (iii) any User Submission that infringes the intellectual property rights or violates the privacy rights of any third party (including without limitation copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property right, or moral right or right of publicity);
Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a KTLF Radio Network name, trademark, URL or product name;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation;
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any posting or in any way use the KTLF Radio Network Service to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
Upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit, via the KTLF Radio Network Service, any User Submissions that are unlawful, obscene, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory or hateful or that contain objects or symbols of hate, invade the privacy of any third party, contain nudity (including without limitation any pornography, erotica, child pornography or child erotica), are deceptive, threatening, abusive, inciting of unlawful action, defamatory, libelous, vulgar or violent or constitute hate speech or are otherwise objectionable in the opinion of KTLF Radio Network;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any User Submissions that include code that is hidden or otherwise surreptitiously contained within the images, audio or video of any User Submissions that is unrelated to the immediate, aesthetic nature of the User Submissions;
Interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) any web pages available at the KTLF Radio Network Service, servers or networks connected to the KTLF Radio Network Service or the technical delivery systems of KTLF Radio Network providers or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the KTLF Radio Network Service;
Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any KTLF Radio Network system or network or breach or impair or circumvent any security or authentication measures protecting the KTLF Radio Network Service;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the KTLF Radio Network Services; Attempt to access, search or meta-search the KTLF Radio Network Service with any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism other than software and/or search agents provided by KTLF Radio Network or other generally available third party web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, or Opera), including without limitation any software that sends queries to the Site to determine how a website or web page ranks.
Collect or store personal data about other KTLF Radio Network Users without their express permission;
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, through pretexting or some other form of social engineering or otherwise commit fraud; Use the KTLF Radio Network Service in any manner not permitted by this Agreement; or Encourage or instruct any other individual to do any of the foregoing or to violate any term of these Terms of Service.
7. Termination; Cancellation
We may immediately terminate or suspend your access to the KTLF Radio Network Service and remove any material (including User Submissions) from the KTLF Radio Network Service or our servers, in the event that you breach these Terms of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we also reserve the right to terminate the KTLF Radio Network Service or your access thereto at any time and for any reason. After such a termination, you understand and acknowledge that we will have no further obligation to provide the KTLF Radio Network Service. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you by these Terms of Service will immediately cease. KTLF Radio Network is not liable to you or any third party for termination of the KTLF Radio Network Service or termination of your use of the KTLF Radio Network Service. Upon any termination or suspension, any information (including other submissions) that you have submitted on the KTLF Radio Network service to that which is related to your account may no longer be accessed by you. Furthermore, KTLF RADIO NETWORK will have no obligation to maintain any information stored in our database related to your account or to forward any information to you or any third party.
Any suspension, termination or cancellation will not affect your obligations to KTLF Radio Network under these Terms of Service (including but not limited to ownership, indemnification and limitation of liability), which by their sense and context are intended to survive such suspension, termination or cancellation.
8. Modification of the KTLF Radio Network Service or Terms of Service
KTLF Radio Network reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any time to modify, discontinue or terminate the KTLF Radio Network Service, or modify these Terms of Service without notice. If any modified terms and conditions in the revised Terms of Service are not acceptable to you, your sole remedy is to cease using the KTLF Radio Network Service. By continuing to access or use the KTLF Radio Network Service after KTLF Radio Network makes any such modification, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms of Service.
9. Disclaimer of Warranties
KTLF Radio Network disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material displayed on the KTLF Radio Network Service. KTLF Radio Network disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, mis-delivery, or untimely delivery of any information or material. KTLF Radio Network disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the Internet through the KTLF Radio Network Service.
The KTLF Radio Network service is provided "as is," with no warranties whatsoever. KTLF Radio Network  expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied, and statutory  warranties, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. KTLF Radio Network disclaims any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness, and performance  of the KTLF Radio Network service. KTLF Radio Network disclaims any warranties for any information or advice obtained through the KTLF Radio Network service. KTLF Radio Network disclaims any warranties for services or goods received through or advertised on the KTLF Radio Network service or received through any links provided by KTLF Radio Network, as well as for any information or advice received through any links provided in the KTLF Radio Network service.
You understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain material or data through the use of the KTLF Radio Network service at your own discretion and risk that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results in the download of such material or data.
Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. You may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
10. Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall KTLF Radio Network be liable to any user on account of that user's use or misuse of or reliance on the KTLF Radio Network service arising from any claim relating to this agreement or the subject matter hereof such limitation of liability shall apply to prevent recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, and punitive damages whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, (even if KTLF Radio Network has been advised of the possibility of such damages). Such limitation of liability shall apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on the KTLF Radio Network service, from inability to use the KTLF Radio Network service, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the KTLF Radio Network service (including such damages incurred by third parties). This limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or goods received through or advertised on the KTLF Radio Network service or received through any links provided in the KTLF Radio Network service, as well as by reason of any information or advice received through or advertised on the KTLF Radio Network service or received through any links provided in the KTLF Radio Network service. This limitation shall also apply, without limitation, to the costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, or lost data. Such limitation shall further apply with respect to the performance or non-performance of the KTLF Radio Network service or any information or merchandise that appears on, or is linked or related in any way to, KTLF Radio Network. such limitation shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law.
In no event will KTLF Radio Network’s total liability arising out of or in connection with these terms of service or from the use of or inability to use the KTLF Radio Network service or content exceed the amounts you have paid to KTLF Radio Network for use of the KTLF Radio Network service or content, if you have not had any payment obligations to KTLF Radio Network, as applicable.
Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.
Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall KTLF Radio Network be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning.
11. Governing Law and Forum Choice
Under no circumstances shall KTLF Radio Network be liable to any user on account of that user's use or misuse of or reliance on the KTLF Radio Network service arising from any claim relating to this agreement or the subject matter hereof such limitation of liability shall apply to prevent recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, and punitive damages whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, (even if KTLF Radio Network has been advised of the possibility of such damages). Such limitation of liability shall apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on the KTLF Radio Network service, from inability to use the KTLF Radio Network service, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the KTLF Radio Network service (including such damages incurred by third parties). This limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or goods received through or advertised on the KTLF Radio Network service or received through any links provided in the KTLF Radio Network service, as well as by reason of any information or advice received through or advertised on the KTLF Radio Network service or received through any links provided in the KTLF Radio Network service. This limitation shall also apply, without limitation, to the costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, or lost data. Such limitation shall further apply with respect to the performance or non-performance of the KTLF Radio Network service or any information or merchandise that appears on, or is linked or related in any way to, KTLF Radio Network. such limitation shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law.
In no event will KTLF Radio Network’s total liability arising out of or in connection with these terms of service or from the use of or inability to use the KTLF Radio Network service or content exceed the amounts you have paid to KTLF Radio Network for use of the KTLF Radio Network service or content, if you have not had any payment obligations to KTLF Radio Network, as applicable.
Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.
12. Dispute Resolution for Consumers
The following terms of Section 12 “Dispute Resolution for Consumers” only apply if you are an individual who is using the KTLF Radio Network Service and KTLF Radio Network Content for your own personal use and are not representing a legal entity.
Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes. We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the KTLF Radio Network Service or KTLF Radio Network Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. However, if for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and we each waive any right to a jury trial.
Exceptions and Opt-out. As limited exceptions to Section 12(a) above: (i) you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court If it qualifies; and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. In addition, you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at thelight@ktlf.org or by regular mail at 1665 Briargate Blvd., Colorado Springs, CO 80920 within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms of Service.
Starting Arbitration. If you want to begin arbitrating a Dispute, you must send a letter to us at the following address: 1665 Briargate Blvd., Colorado Springs, CO 80920, requesting arbitration and describing the Dispute. If we want to begin arbitrating a Dispute, we’ll send such a letter to you at the email address or street address that you provided.
Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) or a comparable arbitral body (e.g., JAMS), in the event the AAA is unable to conduct the arbitration). The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration may be conducted in writing, remotely (e.g., by video conference) or in-person in the county where you live (or at some other location that we both agree to).
Arbitration Costs. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration, we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.
Effect of Changes on Arbitration. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8 “Modification of the KTLF Radio Network Service or Terms of Service” above, if KTLF Radio Network changes any of the terms of this Section 12 “Dispute Resolution for Consumers” after the date you first accepted these Terms of Service (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms of Service), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to thelight@ktlf.org) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of KTLF Radio Network’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and KTLF Radio Network in accordance with the terms of this Section 12 “Dispute Resolution for Consumers” as of the date you first accepted these Terms of Service (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms of Service).
13. DMCA/Copyright Policy
KTLF Radio Network respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is KTLF Radio Network’s policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see KTLF Radio Network’s Copyright Policy at https://ktlf.radio/copyright/, for further information.
14. Miscellaneous Provisions
The English language version of these Terms of Service is the version that governs your use of the KTLF Radio Network Service and in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a translated version, the English language version will control.
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by KTLF Radio Network.
15. Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service or the KTLF Radio Network Service, please contact KTLF Radio Network at thelight@ktlf.org.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. Cookies enable you to enjoy certain features, like streaming our broadcast online. By continuing to use our site, you consent to use our cookies. OKPrivacy policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Accept