https://labourbehindthelabel.org/privacy-policy/
Who we are
What we do
Why we are needed
Living wage
Transparency
UK Garment Industry
Take action
PRIMARK: Have you paid your workers?
COVID-19: brands must protect workers
Boohoo: Pay back your workers and go transparent
Donate
The Big Give
Donate
Become a regular giver
COVID-19 – Help fund our campaign
Fundraise for us
Join our email list
Privacy Policy
Home
•
Privacy Policy
About this statement
At Labour Behind the Label we take your privacy rights very seriously. This privacy notice sets out our data collection and processing practices, and your options and rights regarding the ways in which your personal information is handled.
This notice applies to both Labour Behind the Label, the campaigning organisation, and the Labour Behind the Label Trust, who represent our charitable activities (registered charity number 1159356).
1. Why we store data about you
In order to campaign effectively where and when we are needed most, Labour Behind the Label rely on people like you being involved in supporting garment workers’ rights around the world. We maintain a database of contact details and actions so we can inform you about our work, ask for your support, and call on you to act. We store that data securely, and never sell or rent that data to anyone else.
2. Where is data about you being collected from?
We collect personal information when you give it to us directly, such as:
When you register to become a supporter on our website;
When you make a donation to us;
When you contact us via phone, email or by messaging us on our social media channels or use a contact form on our website;
When we meet you at events and you sign up to hear more from us;
When you sign a petition hosted by a third party and opt-in to share your details with us;
When you fill out a survey we send to you about your experience with us or to find out what you think about issues about the garment industry
We also collect personal information about you indirectly, such as when:
Your information may be shared with us by independent event organisers, for example Global Adventure Challenges or fundraising sites like Everyday Hero. These independent third parties will only do so when you have indicated that you wish to support Labour Behind the Label with your consent. You should check their Privacy Policy to understand fully how they will process your information.
You use other third parties such as payment providers we use like Blackbaud. If you make a donation to us, we might need to get in touch with you about it. Again, you should check their Privacy Policy to understand fully how they will process your information.
We also collect information about you if it is available publicly, such as when:
Depending on your privacy settings for social media services, we may access information from those accounts or services (for example when you choose to interact with us through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter).
You visit our Website. We automatically collect the following types of your personal information when you visit the Website:
– Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, browser type and version, time zone setting and operating systems and platforms.
– Information about your visit to the websites, including the uniform resource locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from the website (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, referral sources, page interaction information (such as scrolling and clicks) and methods used to browse away from the page.
In general, we may combine your personal information from these different sources for the purposes set out in this statement.
3. What personal information is being collected and stored about you?
We might collect, store and otherwise use the following kinds of personal information about you:
Your name and contact information, including your physical address, email address and telephone number (when you provide such information to us)
The petitions you have signed, including any comments submitted in support of such petitions
Any volunteered specific information you have provided when signing a petition – for example, sometimes we will ask if you are a customer or employee of a business that a petition is targeting
Any volunteered information when you fill out a survey we send you, which might ask for your experiences with us or your views on certain social and political issues
Your financial information when you provide it
The actions you have taken with us, such as attending events, sending emails in support of a petition or cause and/or making a donation to us;
The amount and frequency of any donations made to us;
Information you have volunteered when you contact us via phone, email, by messaging us on our social media channels or using contact form on our website
The fact that you are linked to another supporter
Your content subscription preferences
Web browser and browsing data: browser type, device type, IP address, referral source, the fact that you are visiting our Website or clicking on our content, length of website visit, number of page views
Social media profile information where it is available to us
Any other type of information shared with / obtained by us as listed in the ‘Where is data about you being collected from’ section of this notice.
4. What do we do with your personal information?
We will use this personal information to contact you about Labour Behind the Label’s work and offer ways for you to support or take part in what we do. This may be by phone, post, email or text message. You will always have the option to opt out of communications, request an overview of your personal data, or to have your information erased from our records.
5. How long will the data be stored for?
We will not keep your personal data for longer than necessary under the legal basis for processing.
6. Sharing your data with other parties
We will not share your personal data for commercial purposes – for example, we will not sell your data to third parties or pass on your personal details to any third party unless legally obliged to do so.
In some instances, for example if you have signed a petition and that petition needs to be delivered to a decision maker, we may replicate only data you have provided for that purpose (e.g. your name and email) and pass this on. The petition receiver may in this instance use this data to contact you about the matter, but should only do so for this purpose. You should check their Privacy Policy to understand fully how they will process your information.
7. What are your rights concerning your information?
Accessing and updating your personal information
You have the right to ask what personal information is held about you and be provided with a copy.
If any of the information we hold is incorrect we will correct it at your request. You can withdraw your consent to how your personal information is being processed where that processing is based on your consent at any time. You can request that your data is sent to you or another organisation in a computer readable format.
Asking for your information to be removed
You can ask for us to delete the personal information that we hold from our records altogether. We can do this and then notify you one final time that it has been done.
In respect of all of the above options you should contact us using the details at the end of this notice.
8. Making a complaint
If you are unhappy with how we are using your personal information you have the right to lodge a complaint with The Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk. If you are living outside of the UK you can find the identity of the authority in your country and its contact details here.
9. Contact us.
To contact us concerning any of the matters in this notice, please email info@labourbehindthelabel.org, or write to Labour Behind the Label, Unit 52, Easton Business Centre, Felix Road, Bristol BS5 0HE.
Share this:FacebookTwitterTumblr
About us Labour Behind the Label is a campaign that works to improve conditions and empower workers in the global garment industry.
Who we are
Team Labour Behind the Label
Jobs
The Labour Behind the Label Trust
Get involved
Support garment workers during the Covid-19 pandemic
Fundraise for us
Take Action
Become an affiliate
Resources
FAQs
Want industry and campaign news straight to your inbox? Join our email list: