https://landers.com.au/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Statement applies to the following entities: Lander & Rogers and Lansol Nominees Pty Ltd (ACN 005 232 682) (collectively, Lander & Rogers). In this document the words ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ are used to refer to Lander & Rogers. ‘You’ and ‘your’ refer to you as the person whose personal information Lander & Rogers may collect and maintain.
Lander & Rogers collects, uses and discloses personal information relating to various individuals in the course of providing our clients with legal advice, marketing our services and running our business.  As a legal practice, protecting the confidentiality and privacy of information is fundamental to our professional relationships.
Lander & Rogers is bound by the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles in its collection, security, storage, use and disclosure of personal information.  This document describes how we will handle personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles.  We will review and may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  The current version will always be available on this website.
Collection of personal information
Lander & Rogers collects personal information in order to provide professional services to our clients and to operate and market our legal practice business.
We will usually collect personal information directly from you; however, we may also collect information from third parties, such as:
insurers
your employer
other service providers including health service providers, and/or
publicly available sources.
The personal information we collect and maintain may include your:
name
address
contact details
information relating to your business, and/or
information about other parties that you may or intend to conduct business with.
We may also collect sensitive information, including health information, about individuals.  We will only collect sensitive information if the individual has consented, or if the collection is otherwise in accordance with the Privacy Act.  For instance, where the collection of sensitive information is required by law or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable claim.
If you do not provide us with personal information that we request, we may not be able to communicate with you or meet our professional obligations to you.
Accessing our website and electronic publications
When you access our website or electronic publications we do not use your browsing information to identify you personally.  We may collect information such as the webpages you access on our site, the documents you download and the type of browser you use. This information is anonymous and is used to assess the effectiveness of our communications.
Accessing our website may cause a small file called a "cookie" to be stored on your computer. Cookies allow us to make the information on our website more accessible and effective and can avoid you receiving the same information from us repeatedly. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept all cookies but you can change the settings in your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to your computer, giving you the choice whether to accept it or not.
Use and disclosure of personal information
Lander & Rogers uses and discloses personal information it collects for the primary purposes of:
providing legal services to clients, ensuring our service commitment to clients is met, and to advise individuals about related matters;
meeting our internal professional and business requirements, including marketing our legal practice business.
We may also disclose personal information to our third-party service providers in connection with the provision of ongoing or case-specific services. Where your personal information is provided to these third parties, they are required to abide by the APPs and use the personal information provided for the sole purpose of supplying their specific services.
Disclosure of personal information overseas
On some occasions we may also need to disclose your personal information (which might be sensitive information) to overseas third parties, including other law firms whom we have engaged to assist in connection with a particular matter, or service providers which are located outside Australia.
Prior to disclosing your personal information to any overseas recipients we will take reasonable steps to ensure the overseas third party uses the personal information for the purpose intended and does not breach the APPs.
Storage and security of personal information
Lander & Rogers takes all reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Most information is held in hard copy or electronic records, which may only be accessed by partners and employees of Lander & Rogers in the performance of their duties.  We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all third-party service providers which hold your personal information are bound by appropriate contractual obligations regarding the protection, disclosure and use of the information.
All partners and employees are subject to confidentiality obligations as well as being bound by this policy.
Access and correction of personal information
Lander & Rogers will provide you with access to your personal information held by us, unless there is a reason why we are not required to do so under the Privacy Act.  Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to request access to, and correction of, your personal information.
We have processes in place to ensure our records remain accurate, complete and up to date, including by verifying the information with you each time you use our services.  We will correct any inaccurate or out-of-date information within a reasonable time of notification of error.
These records are generally retained for 7 years.  If the information is no longer required by us for any purpose for which it was collected and is no longer required by law to be retained by us, we will destroy or de-identify the information.
If we deny you access to, or we refuse to correct, your personal information, we will provide you with our reasons for the decision.
Direct marketing and your privacy
We regularly distribute to our clients general information and newsletters regarding our services. If we believe it may be of interest to you we may, from time to time, supply you with specific information regarding some of our products and services. We will always provide a simple ‘opt-out’ option with this kind of correspondence. Alternatively, you may update your preferences by contacting any of our offices.
Collection notice for potential employees of Lander & Rogers
Lander & Rogers collects your personal information as part of our process of selection for the position for which you have applied.
Your personal information may be collected from you personally or from any employment agency you or we employ, or any referee whose details you provide.
We will not collect sensitive information (for instance about your religious beliefs, your professional or trade association memberships or your health information) unless you volunteer the information and consent to its collection.
If you do not provide all or part of the information we request we may not be able to process your application.
We do not ordinarily disclose your personal information to third parties, and if for some unlikely reason this does occur, we will do so in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles.
You may request access to any of your personal information we hold in accordance with this policy.
Lander & Rogers believes that protecting the privacy of your information is fundamental to our professional relationships.
Inquiries and complaints about personal information
Lander & Rogers will endeavour to resolve any identified problems with the collection, use or disclosure of personal information.
All inquiries and complaints should be addressed to:
Julian Riekert
Privacy Officer
Lander & Rogers
Level 15, 477 Collins Street
MELBOURNE  VIC  3000
Telephone: (03) 9269 9363
Facsimile: (03) 9269 9004
Email: jriekert@landers.com.au
Any unresolved complaints should be referred to the Australian Information Commissioner. For further information on Privacy please visit the Australian Government - Office of the Australian Information Commissioner Website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Last updated: September 2019