http://landlord.com/integrity_policy.htm
Landlord.com
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
CHANGES
As Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com continues
to improve the services, products and the features we provide, this policy is
subject to change. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we
will post those changes here or in other formats for you to review. If we
change our information practices or this Privacy Policy in such a way that your
personal information may be used or shared in a manner not described in the
Privacy Policy at the time you provided it, we will give you the opportunity to
opt-out of having your information used or shared in that new manner.
Privacy Policy Highlights
Intro
This notice provides
highlights of the Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Privacy Policy. The highlights and
full privacy policy apply to Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com retail stores, our Web site at
www.Landlordsuperstore.com.com and other locations where we may collect
personal information.
Personal Information
We may collect personal
information such as your contact, billing and shipping information. We may
also collect demographic information.
We collect information
regarding your interactions with our Web sites using cookies
or clickstream technology.
We may obtain additional personal and non-personal information from third party providers.
Uses of Information
Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com does not sell or rent your personal
information to third parties.
We use information
about you to fulfill your requests, administer various programs, provide
services, and for other business purposes.
Your personal information
may be shared
with current or future Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com entities or subsidiaries.
We may also use the
information you provide to send you marketing
communications.
In limited circumstances,
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com may need to
share your information with certain third
parties to perform services on our behalf.
Your Choices
You may choose to:
Stop
receiving e-mail, direct mail and telephone marketing communications.
Update
and correct your personal information.
Important Information
Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com does not knowingly collect
information online from
children
under 13.
The
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Companies
value our relationship with our customers and we are committed to responsible
information-handling practices.
View our entire Privacy
Policy.
How To Contact Us
If you have questions
about Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com's
Privacy Policy, contact us by:
Phone: 1-408-374-9400
E-mail:
PrivacyManager@Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com.com
Regular mail:
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Corporate
Campus
Attn: Privacy Manager
14127 Capri Dr. Suite 6
Los
Gatos, CA 95032
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT TO OUR CUSTOMERS
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Co., Inc.
We value the relationship we have with our customers and are committed to
responsible information-handling practices. We take great care in safeguarding
your personal information and in complying with all applicable federal and
state privacy laws and our own internal standards and best practices.
The Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Companies
follow these privacy principles both online and offline in the collection, use,
security and sharing of customer information:
NOTICE. When we ask for your
personal information, we will tell you why we need it and what we will do with
it.
CHOICE. When we contact you
for marketing purposes, we will let you know how to remove your name from
future marketing efforts.
SECURITY. We will use
reasonable security measures to protect the personal information we receive
from you.
SHARING. When we share your
information with other companies to help us provide our services to you, we
will require them to comply with all applicable legal requirements regarding
the privacy of your information.
Landlord.com is the parent
company of the Landlordsuperstore.com, and Californialandlord.com Companies,
and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or Web
sites owned or operated by Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com, this information may be combined or shared among
current or future Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com Co., Inc. entities and subsidiaries. The
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Companies
operate businesses, retail stores and Web sites under the names Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com among others.
Each member of the Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com Companies, and/or each Web site established by a member
of the Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com
companies, may have its own Privacy Policy which it may modify as needed
consistent with these principles.
LANDLORDSUPERSTORE.COM, LANDLORD.COM, AND CALIFORNIALANDLORD.COM PRIVACY POLICY
The following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices
for Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com retail
stores, Landlordsuperstore.com.com (the “Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com,
and Californialandlord.com Web site”) and all other locations, occasions or
events where your personal information is collected by, or on behalf of,
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com. When you
provide us your personal information, you consent to the information practices
described in this policy.
This Privacy Policy may not apply to Web sites that are accessible through the
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com sites. Our Web
sites contain links to other sites operated by third parties, including but not
limited to third-party sites that display the Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com trademarks. We encourage you to read
the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect, use, share
and secure your information.
Privacy Policy Topics:
Information
COLLECTED by Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com
USES of your personal information
Personal information PROVIDED to Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com from third parties
SHARING OF personal information
CHOICES regarding your personal information
UPDATING your personal information
SECURITY
OF YOUR personal information
Cookies, clickstream technology and third party AD providers
Collection
of CHILDREN's personal information
CONCERNS about the privacy or security of your personal information
Privacy policy CHANGES
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY LANDLORDSUPERSTORE.COM, LANDLORD.COM, AND
CALIFORNIALANDLORD.COM
As part of your interaction with Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com, we may collect personal information such as:
Contact information,
including name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address
Purchase information,
including credit card number, billing and/or shipping information
We may also collect
demographic information, including age, personal interests and product
preferences.
While shopping or taking advantage of services available from us, we may ask
that you provide personal information. For example, we may request personal
information when you:
Purchase products or
services
Set up an account online
Schedule a delivery
Join the RewardPoints
loyalty program
Participate in a
sweepstakes, promotion or survey
Contact us with a question
or concern
Participate in other
activities with Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com
USES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information you provide for purposes including, but not
limited to:
Fulfilling requests for
products, services or information
Tracking and confirm online
orders
Delivering or install products
Managing our RewardPoints
loyalty program
Providing customer services
Administering sweepstakes,
promotions or surveys
Offering new products and
services
Improving the effectiveness
of our Web sites, our marketing endeavors and our services and offers
Conducting research and
analysis
Sending marketing
communications
Performing other business
activities as needed
PERSONAL INFORMATION PROVIDED TO LANDLORDSUPERSTORE.COM,
LANDLORD.COM, AND CALIFORNIALANDLORD.COM FROM THIRD PARTIES
Information From/About Friends or Family
If you provide us information about others, or if others give us your
information, we will only use that information for the specific reason it was
provided. Examples include providing a friend's shipping address or using our
Send-to-a-Friend option in our marketing e-mails.
Information from Third Parties
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com obtains
consumer information from third party providers in order to improve the accuracy
of our customer database, increase our understanding of our customers, or to
identify potential customers. For example, we get updated addresses from the
National Change of Address (NCOA) service to ensure we have the correct contact
information for our customers.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com does not sell
or rent your personal information to third parties.
We may need to share your personal information within the
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Companies.
These companies may use this information to offer you products and services
that may be of interest to you.
In addition, Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com
may share customer information with certain third parties such as our agents,
service providers and other representatives acting on our behalf for limited
purposes. For example, we may share personal information with third parties to
perform services on our behalf such as:
Fulfilling customer orders
Sending
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com marketing
communications
Delivering packages
Scheduling and performing
installations
Servicing products
Maintaining our RewardPoints
loyalty program
Fulfilling subscription
services
Conducting research,
analysis or administering surveys
Sending regular mail and
e-mail on behalf of Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com
Processing credit card
payments
The third parties with whom
we conduct business are authorized to use your information only to perform the
service for which they are hired. They are required to abide by the terms of
our Privacy Policy including taking reasonable measures to ensure your personal
information is secure.
We may also share aggregated data with third parties for analysis and research
purposes. This data does not contain name, address or other personally
identifiable information.
From time to time, we may be required to share personal information in response
to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise
required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement
agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may
share certain personal information when we believe that such release is
reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of others and
ourselves. We may also transfer personal information in the event of a
corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Once you provide your personal information, we may use it to send you offers,
promotions and other marketing and customer experience content.
If you no longer wish to receive these communications, let us know by using
whichever of the following methods is appropriate under the circumstances:
Follow the directions on a
marketing e-mail or direct mail marketing communication you receive from us.
Call 1-408-374-9400 with
your request and current contact information.
Send an e-mail with your
request and current contact information to: PrivacyManager@Landlordsuperstore.com.
Send a letter with your
request and current contact information to:
Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
14127 Capri Dr.
Suite 6
Los
Gatos, CA
95032
If you send an e-mail or letter
request, please be sure to include your full name, address, phone number and
e-mail address, as well as the specific changes you would like to make. This
will ensure we correctly identify you in our systems and accurately process
your request.
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com will take the
appropriate steps to modify your preferences with respect to our marketing
communications. Due to production, mailing and system timelines, it may take
some time to process your request. The following guidelines are provided for
your convenience:
10 business days for e-mails
30 business days for phone
calls
90 business days for direct
mail
Until your requested change
takes effect, you may still receive marketing communications from us. If you
send us your request by regular mail, please allow extra time for us to receive
your notice.
Although you may have opted not to receive marketing communications, you may
still receive business-related communications such as order confirmations, product
recall notices, RewardPoints program membership information or other
organization-related communications.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com wants your personal
information to be accurate and complete. We provide several different methods
for you to update your personal information.
To update your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail information:
If you've created an account
on Landlordsuperstore.com.com, you can update your online account information
after logging into your account.
Call: 1-408-374-9400
Send a request to: PrivacyManager@Landlordsuperstore.com
Send a request to:
Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
14127 Capri Dr.
Suite 6
Los
Gatos, CA
95032
If you send an e-mail or
letter request, please be sure to include your current information and the
requested changes.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores, we use reasonable security
measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our
control and appropriately limit access to it. Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com cannot ensure or warrant the security
of any information you transmit to us by e-mail, and you do so at your own
risk.
Safe Shopping Policy on Landlordsuperstore.com.com
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online
transactions with us. The Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com Web site uses encryption technology, such as Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data
transport. SSL protects information you submit via our Web site such as
ordering information including your name, address and credit card number.
Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public
Internet.
Choosing a Personal Password on Landlordsuperstore.com.com
When you create an account on Landlordsuperstore.com.com you are required to
establish a password. To maximize your level of protection, you should choose
at least 6-30 characters, using a combination of both letters and numbers. You
are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account
information. You have the ability to purchase on our site without creating an
account; however, you will need to reenter your personal information each time
you use our site in order to make a purchase.
COOKIES, CLICKSTREAM TECHNOLOGY AND THIRD PARTY AD PROVIDERS
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that a Web site or an e-mail may save to your browser,
which may then be stored on your hard drive. Our Web sites and e-mails use
cookies to create a more personalized shopping experience for visitors to our
site. Cookies simulate a continuous connection — they let us
"remember" information about your preferences and session, and allow
you to move within areas of our Web sites without reintroducing yourself.
Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com uses a third
party to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable
information. Although our cookies may contain a unique user ID, they do not
collect or store any personally identifiable information. However, you do have
the option of saving your RewardPoints membership ID in the cookie so it is
easy to remember next time; this option will be found under My Account.
You may choose to set your Web browser to not accept cookies. However, without
enabling your cookies, you will not be able to view, create an account, or make
purchases on the Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com Web site.
Clickstream Technology
Our Web server automatically collects clickstream information such as the
address (or URL) of the Web site that you came from before visiting our site,
which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and
any search terms you may have entered on our site, among other things.
Our Web site may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors
view. This anonymous clickstream data provides our customers with a better
shopping experience and helps Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and
Californialandlord.com understand how visitors use our Web site.
Third Party Ad Providers
The Landlordsuperstore.com, Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Web site
uses third party service providers to serve ads across the Internet and to
analyze Web site traffic on our behalf. They may collect anonymous information
about your visits to our Web site and your interaction with our ads. These
companies may use technologies similar to those outlined above to measure the
effectiveness of ads and e-mails. They may also use information about your
visits to our Web site so that we can provide advertisements about goods and
services.
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process. We may
share anonymous information with this service provider in an aggregate form,
for purposes of analysis and improvement of our site.
COLLECTION OF CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly or
intentionally collect personal information online from children under the age
of 13.
CONCERNS ABOUT THE PRIVACY OR SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Please contact our Privacy Manager to report a known or suspected privacy or
security breach or to submit privacy or security-related questions or
complaints. After receiving your inquiry, we will respond within five business
days. You may contact us in the following ways:
Call: 1-408-374-9400
Send a communication to: PrivacyManager@Landlordsuperstore.com
Send a letter to:
Landlordsuperstore.com,
Landlord.com, and Californialandlord.com Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
14127 Capri Dr.
Suite 6
Los
Gatos, CA
95032
Accuracy of User Information
Questions regarding our Privacy Policy, the accuracy of your personal information or the use of the information collected should be directed via
e-mail or you can reach us by telephone at (408) 374-9400. You also can write us at:
Landlord.com
Attn: Web Site Privacy Policy
14127 Capri Drive
Los Gatos, CA  95032-1534
These privacy policies are effective as of September 1, 2008. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time, and will post any changes to this Policy as soon as they go into effect.
Tips & Tricks
Information Center
Tools &
Calculators
Tip of The Week
Landlord News
The Landlord Daily
Landlord Discussion Board
Web Site of The Week
Take The Test
"Ready To Rent" Inspection
Minimizing Rent Loss Quiz
Do You Have The "Right Stuff"
Home
|
Contact Us |
Help  |
Shop &
Buy
|
About Us  |
Privacy Policy |
Advertising Inquiries
|
Join Landlord.com! |
LandscapingSanJose.net Resources: CNA Training - CNA Certification