https://lanedds.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1-877-LANE-DDS
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 10/1/2018
Last Updated: 4/14/2020
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. Our website address is: https://lanedds.com.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We do not collect personal information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. You may choose not to provide personal information online. Your choice not to provide personal information will not impair your ability to browse this website and read or view any information posted on this site. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only collect information that you voluntarily submit. We will not sell or license this information to anyone.
Sharing
We partner with technology and business service providers that help us deliver the highest quality dental care. Information that you submit on this website may be disclosed to these service providers. These service providers are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing professional services to us.
We will use the information you submit to respond to you. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than to provide you with the highest quality care and the best patient experience.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. We use anonymous cookies to prevent users from seeing the same popup repetitively in an attempt to make our users experience more pleasant while still delivering time-sensitive messaging.
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (Link to TRUSTe global opt-out: http://preferences.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policy of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code and age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
E-Mail Privacy Warning
Any information you submit on this website, including a request for an appointment, will be sent to us via email. E-mail is not a secure medium. Personal information sent via the Internet can be intercepted. You may, therefore, wish to reconsider sending messages that contain highly sensitive or personal information through this website.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
By contacting us, you may:
Opt out of any future contacts from us.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you to the extent we are not required by law or contract to retain such information.
Express any concern you have about our use of your information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
HIPAA
Lane & Associates Family Dentistry will always maintain compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act by only using practices, equipment and software that is in compliance with HIPAA rules.
Log Files
Like many other websites, our website makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (IISP I), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Contact Us with Questions
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you may contact us via telephone at 1-877-526-3337. or email info@lanedds.com asking to speak to our Privacy Officers at a particular Lane & Associates office.
For all other privacy questions, please contact Jim Houck:
Jim Houck, PHR, SHRM-CP
Director, Human Resources
Lane & Associates Family Dentistry
jimhouck@lanedds.com
12450 Cleveland Road, Suite 201
Garner, NC 27529
(919) 861-7037