https://lasentinel.net/menthols-swisher-sweets-and-other-flavored-cigarettes-are-now-illegal-in-california.html
Click to Win!
Classifieds
Archives
Thursday, December 10, 2020
ePaper
Subscribe
My Account
Login / Register
Subscribe
ePaper
Contact Us
About
Videos
Galleries
Cartoons
Calendar/Events
Buy Cookbook
Taste of Soul
MENU
HomeNewsEntertainmentSportsOpinionFamilyCrenshaw & AroundReligionBusinessePaper
Home
CLOSE
My Account
Login / Register
ePaper
Subscribe
Click to Win!
Contact Us
About
Classifieds
Archives
Calendar/Events
Videos
Galleries
Cartoons
Taste of Soul
Buy Cookbook
News
Celebration of Life
COVID-19
Daily Briefs
District Attorney News
Education
Employment
Exclusive
History
International
Legends
Local
National
Political
Entertainment
Book Releases
Comedy
Exclusive (Entertainment)
Movies
Music
News (Entertainment)
Theater
TV
Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Football
High School
History (Sports)
News (Sports)
Soccer
Opinion
Antonio Moore
Ardena Joy Cota
ASK DR. JEANETTE, SUCCESS ON THE WAY
Charlene Crowell
Dr. Ben Chavis
Dr. Firpo W. Carr
Dr. Maulana Karenga
Editorials
Jasmyne Cannick
Julianne Malveaux
Larry Aubry
Marc Morial
Op-Ed
Reggie Jones-Sawyer
Rev. Jesse Jackson
The Lobby
WENDY'S WINDOW
Family
Fashion
Health
Lifestyle
News (Family)
Safety
Crenshaw & Around
A Taste of Soul
Metro
Religion
Business
Economy
Finance
News (Business)
Real Estate
Restaurant
Menthols, Swisher Sweets and Other Flavored Cigarettes Are Now Illegal in California
By Antonio Ray Harvey, California Black Media
Published September 3, 2020
A man smokes a marijuana cigarette as a large group gathered near the New Jersey Statehouse to show their support for legalizing marijuana Saturday, March 21, 2015, in Trenton, N.J. The event drew a diverse crowd of roughly 200 people. Many said they wanted to show their support for legalizing or decriminalizing pot, while others said it should only be given to people with medical conditions that could be eased by the drug. Several people were openly smoking the drug during Saturday’s rally, but apparently none were arrested. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)
California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed Senate Bill 793 into law on Aug. 28. The legislation is one of the country’s strongest restrictions on flavored tobacco.
The bill makes it a crime for any retailer or individual to sell a flavored tobacco product or any tobacco product flavor enhancer in the state. Violation will be punishable by a fine of $250 for each infraction. The law goes into effect Jan. 1, 2021.
“I have been expressive in terms of my absolute condemnation of this tobacco industry that continues to find ways to target our youth,” Newsom said before signing the bill. “And it will be a point of deep pride and personal privilege — as a father of four and as someone who’s had many, many family members die at the hands of the tobacco industry — to sign that bill. I can’t be more explicit. I can’t wait until it becomes law in the state of California.”
ADVERTISEMENT
SB 793 breaks “Big Tobacco’s death grip,” on longtime users hooked on nicotine, said Sen. Jerry Hill (D-San Mateo), who is the author of the bill. He said that the addition of fruit and other alluring flavors to the products are tactics tobacco manufacturers are using to entice a new generation of smokers — the youth.
“The action by Gov. Newsom and by the California Legislature this week is a huge win for our kids and the health of our communities,” Hill said in a written statement. “SB 793 will save lives.”
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), over 7 out of 10 African American youth between ages 12 and 17 who smoke prefer menthol cigarettes. In addition, African American adults have the highest percentage of menthol cigarette use compared to other racial and ethnic groups, the CDC says.
Assemblywoman Shirley Weber (D-San Diego), chair of the California Legislative Black Caucus (CLBC), agrees with proponents of the bill and condemns notions that menthol-flavored cigarettes are strictly associated with the Black community.
“I too rise in support of SB 793. I am insulted that the tobacco industry would make an effort to have us believe that mentholated cigarettes are a part of Black culture,” she said. “Someone wants to save us and our children and finally focus on African Americans.”
Some individuals and organizations opposed to the bill say they are concerned about the bill’s narrow focus. While menthol cigarettes are included in the ban, shisha tobacco — used in hookah water pipes, premium tobacco, and loose-leaf tobacco — is exempted.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Law Enforcement Action Partnership (LEAP) and the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement (NOBLE) say the bill is discriminatory because merchants will continue to sell some other adult tobacco products that are not popular among African Americans and other minorities.
In addition, other opponents of SB 793 say the new law could possibly start a new wave of illegal activities, such as the underground sales of the banned products out of “backpacks or the trunk of a car,” said representatives of Consumer Advocates for Smoke-Free Alternative Association (CASAA).
“While activists are claiming victory, California residents already know that the foundation of an informal nicotine market is already in place,” CASAA said in a written statement after Newsom signed the bill. “It is not beyond the realm of possibilities that young people, those whom this legislation is supposed to protect, will now have more access to products intended for people who smoke.”
Categories: Health | Local | National | News | Political Tags: Assemblywoman Shirley Weber (D-San Diego) | California Legislative Black Caucus (CLBC) | Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) | Law Enforcement Action Partnership (LEAP) | National Organization of Black Law Enforcement (NOBLE) | SB 793 | Sen. Jerry Hill (D-San Mateo) | tobacco industry
Report: COVID-19 Now is The Third Leading Cause of Death Among Black People
LABOR DAY HOLIDAY TO IMPACT TESTING LOCATION HOURS
$10,000 Reward Offered in Fatal Florence-Firestone Shooting of 14-Year-Old ...
Suit Alleges Teacher Abused Boy Because He Was Black, Disabled
Long Beach to Receive $1M Grant for Black Infant Health Campaign
L.A. County Voters Urged to Join Citizens Redistricting Commission
Get the Los Angeles Sentinel App!
Since 1933 The Voice of Our Community Speaking for Itself.
87 Years of LA Sentinel.
Black News.
SEARCH:
Videos
WATCH: NBA legend Isiah Thomas joins Thirstie, NBAPA, and NFLPA to expand Cheurlin Champagne online reach
WATCH: Tuskegee Airman Charles McGee
Lakers guard Danny Green and Sparks forward Reshanda Gray Promote In-Person Voting
WATCH: American Black Film Festival 2020
WATCH: Kareem Abdul Jabbar Speaks to the Black Press About Injustice
WATCH: Patrisse Cullors Interview
WATCH: Ava DuVernay Talks ‘Cherish The Day’
WATCH: NAACP Image Awards Dinner
WATCH: Clark Sisters
WATCH: Pan African Film Festival 2020
WATCH: NAACP Image Awards 2020 Stage Interviews
WATCH: LA Sentinel @ Grammy Awards
WATCH: LA Sentinel @ SAG Awards 2020 (full version)
WATCH: LA Sentinel @ AAFCA Awards 2020
WATCH: LA Sentinel @ Equal Justice Now Awards 2020
All Videos >>
Thanks for signing up!
News & Alerts by Email!
Stay up to date by getting the lastest LA Sentinel News and Alerts sent to your email inbox.
Email Address
First Name
Sign Up
Your privacy is important to us. You may unsubscribe anytime via the link found at the bottom of each email we send.
Black Fact of the Day
Black Fact of the Day: Thursday, December 10, 2020 – Brought to you by Black365
All Facts >>
Photo of the Day
Photo of the Day: Bakewell visits Hawkins House of Burgers in Watts
All Photos>>
Events
WINTER WONDERLAND: DRIVE-THRU FREE FOOD DISTRIBUTION, GOODIES TOYS & MORE!
All Events >>
Latest ePaper
Subscribe Now!
All ePapers >>
LA Sentinelin your pocket:
LA Watts Times
All Covers >>
© 2020 Los Angeles Sentinel
All Rights Reserved • A Bakewell Media Publication
About •
Archives •
Contact Us •
Corrections & Misprints •
Media Kit
Terms of Service •
Privacy Policy
LA Watts Times • Taste of Soul
Thanks for signing up!
News & Alerts by Email!
Stay up to date by getting the lastest LA Sentinel News and Alerts sent to your email inbox.
Email Address
First Name
Sign Up
Your privacy is important to us. You may unsubscribe anytime via the link found at the bottom of each email we send.
Close / I'm already on the list
Subscribe Today!
Don't be limited anymore! Subscribe Now »
** Existing subscribers, please Login / Register for Digital »
Subscribe to The Los Angeles Sentinel for only $5.99 $3.99 per month, with 1 month free!
Relax in comfort each week as you read the printed newspaper on your own time, delivered weekly to your home or office. This subscription also includes UNLIMITED DIGITAL ACCESS for all of your devices. Includes FREE shipping! One easy payment of $3.99/month gets you:
Los Angeles Sentinel Newspaper
ePaper/Digital Edition
LASentinel.net
LA Sentinel Mobile App:
LA Sentinel Weekly E-Blast
Subscribe Now »