https://latinadatingservice.com/page/privacy-policy
A premium landing page made for Lovers
Welcome
Mr.
My Account
My Preferences
Change Password
LOGOUT
SIGN UP
LOGIN
Please select your page
Women's Profiles
Women's ProfilesFind Girls 18 - 34Find Women 35 +
Membership Payments
Membership PaymentsAfiliación DamasGentlemen Sign up
What We Do
What We DoPersonal ListingsOur CommitmentHoliday Parties
About Us
About UsWhy Costa Rica?TestimonialFAQ
Services
ServicesIndividual TripsImmigration VisaLodging / HotelPerfil de Caballeros
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Latina Dating Service collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.latinadatingservice.com website ("Site").
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Latina Dating Service may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Latina Dating Service has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This policy was created with www.PrivacyPolicies.com
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on July 21, 2015
Thanks for signing up!
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
By subscribing to our mailing list you will always be update with the latest news from us.
JOIN US
By submitting this form, you are granting: Latina Dating Service, From Anonos Bridge, 100 mts West, 150 mts South, Escazu, San Jose, 10203, Costa Rica, https://latinadatingservice.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.
(See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT CREATE NEW ACCOUNT
Your privacy is important to us and we will never rent or sell your information.
LOG IN
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
×
CREATE ACCOUNT ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT?
Check our terms and conditions before sign up. If you familiar with our terms, go ahead click CREATE MY ACCOUNT button.
CREATE MY ACCOUNT
×
FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
SEND MY DETAILS!
AAH, WAIT, I REMEMBER NOW!
×
Go up