http://law.pepperdine.edu/legal/gdpr-privacy-notice/
Skip to main content
Search site
x
Search
Apply
Visit
Give
Menu
Academics
Admission
Student Life
Alumni
About
Newsroom
Events
Campus
Community
Popular Links
Tuition
Academic Calendar
Faculty & Research
Rankings
Housing
Career Center
Study Abroad
Law Library
Spiritual Life
Institutes & Centers
Pepperdine Caruso Law Blog
Surf Report
Back
Academics
Degrees & Programs
Juris Doctor (JD)
Master of Laws (LLM)
Master of Dispute Resolution (MDR)
Master of Legal Studies (MLS) - Online
Online Programs
Joint Degrees
Certificates
Programs for Professionals
Faculty & Research
Institutes & Centers
Straus Institute for Dispute Resolution
Parris Institute for Professional Formation
Byrne Judicial Clerkship Institute
Nootbaar Institute on Law, Religion, and Ethics
Palmer Center for Entrepreneurship and the Law
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Back
Admission
Admission Requirements
Tuition
Financial Aid
Veteran's Information
International Students
Back
Student Life
Living Here
Housing & Residence Life
Life in Malibu
Welcome to Los Angeles
Student Services
Academic Mastery Program
Spiritual Life
Clubs & Organizations
Student Journals
Back
Alumni
Benefits & Services
Email Forwarding
Career Services
Transcript Request
University Library Services
Career Development
Alumni Network
Alumni News
Pepperdine Alumni Affairs
Back
About
Celebrating 50 Years
Our Story
History
Mission and Vision
Christian Tradition
Our Campus
Location and Directions
Virtual Campus Main
Around Malibu
Caruso School of Law at a Glance
Dean's Message
Commitment to Diversity
News
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Notice
Clery Notice of Availability
Terms of Use
Web Accessibility
Accessibility Policy
Title IX
Trademarks
GDPR Privacy Notice
The purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is to protect all European
Union ("EU") citizens from privacy and data breaches by allowing citizens to maintain
control of the personal data kept and processed by organizations, which includes Pepperdine
University. The GDPR also protects the personal data of individuals, regardless of
citizenry, in the EU.
Pepperdine University is committed to safeguarding the privacy of personal data. This
Privacy Notice outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information
provided to the University by students, faculty and staff, alumni and other members
of our community. When information is submitted to Pepperdine, or you use the University's
websites and other services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of
that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
University Use of Information
Pepperdine collects and processes personal data ("Information") from individuals only
as necessary in the exercise of the University's legitimate interests, functions and
responsibilities as a private, non-profit institution of higher education. For example,
Pepperdine also collects and processes Information from individuals who are applicants
for employment positions. Information collected from students or student applicants
is used to register or enroll persons in the University, provide and administer housing
to students, manage a student account, provide academic advising, develop and deliver
education programs, track academic progress, analyze and improve education programs,
recruitment, regulatory reporting, auditing, maintenance of accreditation, and other
related University processes and functions. Pepperdine also uses Information to conduct
general demographic and statistical research to improve University programs, to identify
appropriate support services or activities, provide reasonable accommodations, enforce
University policies or comply with applicable laws. Finally, Information may be shared
by Pepperdine with third parties who have entered into contracts with the University
to perform functions on behalf of the University, subject to the obligation of confidentiality
and safeguarding from unauthorized disclosure.
Third Party Use of Sensitive Information
We may disclose your Sensitive Information and other Information as follows:
Consent: We may disclose Information if we have your consent to do so.
Emergency Circumstances: We may share your Information when necessary to protect your interests and you are
physically or legally incapable of providing consent.
Employment Necessity: We may share your Information when necessary for administering employment or social
security benefits in accordance with applicable law or any applicable collective bargaining
agreement, subject to the imposition of appropriate safeguards to prevent further
unauthorized disclosure.
Public Information: We may share your Information if you have manifestly made it public.
Archiving: We may share your Information for archival purposes in the public interest, and for
historical research and statistical purposes.
Performance of a Contract: We may share your Information when necessary to administer a contract you have with
the University.
Legal Obligation: We may share your Information when the disclosure is required or permitted by international,
federal, and state laws and regulations.
Service Providers: We use third parties who have entered into a contract with the University to support
the administration of University operations and policies. In such cases, we share
your Information with such third parties subject to the imposition of appropriate
safeguards to prevent further unauthorized disclosure.
University-Affiliated Programs: We may share your Information with parties that are affiliated with the University
for the purpose of contacting you about goods, services, charitable giving or experiences
that may be of interest to you.
De-Identified and Aggregate Information: We may use and disclose Information in de-identified or aggregate form without limitation.
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect
your information when you transmit it to us and when we store it on our information
technology systems.
Cookies and Other Technology
The University's use of cookies and other data can be found in the University's Privacy
Policy.
Retention and Destruction of Your Information
Your information will be retained by the University in accordance with applicable
state and federal laws, and the applicable retention periods in the University's Records
Management policy. Your information will be destroyed upon your request unless applicable
law requires destruction after the expiration of an applicable retention period. The
manner of destruction shall be appropriate to preserve and ensure the confidentiality
of your information given the level of sensitivity, value and criticality to the University.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in
the use of, or erasure of your information in accordance with all applicable laws.
The erasure of your information shall be subject to applicable state and federal laws,
and the applicable retention periods in the University's Records Management policy.
If you have provided consent to the use of your information, you have the right to
withdraw consent without affecting the lawfulness of the University's use of the information
prior to receipt of your request.
Information created in the European Union will be transferred out of the European
Union to the University. If you feel the University has not complied with applicable
foreign laws regulating such information, you have the right to file a complaint with
the appropriate supervisory authority in the European Union.
Updates to This Policy
We may update or change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the University's
website and third party applications after any such change indicates your acceptance
of these changes.
[5/23/2018]
scroll up
©