http://lawbase.com/wp/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement and Policies
Please note that the practices of Synaptec Software, Inc. and its resellers, as applicable (“Synaptec Software, Inc.”), with respect to data collected and used by Synaptec Software, Inc. in connection with this website and all other websites of Synaptec Software, Inc. with authorized links to this policy (collectively, the “Site”) and Synaptec Software, Inc. products and services available or enabled via the Site (“Products and Services”), are governed by this online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) as amended from time to time, and not the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those Synaptec Software, Inc. sites, products and services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or that have their own privacy statements. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Products and Services enabled by the Site and follow the procedure described in the section entitled “Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences.” This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site, or products and services not available or enabled via the Site, except as expressly set forth in the section entitled “Data Not Collected on this Site or in Connection with the Products and Services.” To the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and Synaptec Software, Inc. regarding the use of specific areas of the Site or specific Products and Services (including Product- and Service-specific licenses, terms of use, maintenance plans or privacy disclosures) (collectively, “Product Agreements”), the terms of the Product Agreement shall govern.
The Site and the Products and Services are intended for adult audiences, and Synaptec Software, Inc. does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Changes in Privacy Policy
Any information that identifies or can be used to identify the person to whom such information pertains, (“Personal Information”) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. Synaptec Software, Inc. may change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. If as the result of such changes you want to alter the ways in which Synaptec Software, Inc. is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled “Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences.” You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to the changes to the Privacy Policy after such changes have been posted. However, if Synaptec Software, Inc. sells assets or is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that Synaptec Software, Inc. may provide to such entity customer information without obtaining your further consent. Synaptec Software, Inc. may provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this Site.
Entities Collecting Personal Information
Personal information on this Site is collected by Synaptec Software, Inc. Synaptec Software, Inc.’s, address is 4155 E. Jewell Avenue, Suite 600, Denver, CO 80222, USA, and its telephone number is (303) 320-4420.
The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You have the right to access, correct and delete inaccuracies in your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications) at any time. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by writing Synaptec Software, Inc. at:
Synaptec Software, Inc.
4155 E. Jewell Avenue
Suite 600
Denver, CO 80222
In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this Site or otherwise where you provided your personal information. You may expect a response within thirty (30) days. For information submitted in connection with Products and Services, you may also follow instructions included or referenced within such Product and Service to access, correct or delete inaccuracies in the information.
Collection of Personal Information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Products and Services, Synaptec Software, Inc. may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information (pursuant to the mechanism set forth in “Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences”) that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in that particular activity.
When you use the Site and the Products and Services, Synaptec Software, Inc. may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate, evaluate and verify your use of the Site and the Products and Services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit web pages, click patterns, Session ID (a unique identifier assigned to the browser in connection to the Site), and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. Synaptec Software, Inc. also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the Products and Services. We do not match such information with personal information held about you by Synaptec Software, Inc. unless we have your consent, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
By using this Site and the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted third party vendors or agents of Synaptec Software, Inc. such as web hosting providers and mail and email service providers, to help facilitate Synaptec Software, Inc. in providing certain functions.
Synaptec Software, Inc. has established relationships with various providers of services and products who are not part of Synaptec Software, Inc. and who may not themselves be providing products and services to Synaptec Software, Inc. or on Synaptec Software, Inc.’s, behalf (“Providers”). Providers do not include third parties contracted by Synaptec Software, Inc. to perform services on Synaptec Software, Inc.’s, behalf. The services of these Providers may be available to you from the Site, from websites that are linked to the Site, or in connection with the Products and Services. Typically, these Providers offer services that Synaptec Software, Inc. customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Products and Services. In order to use Providers’ products and services, you may be required to provide personal information to the Providers or agree to allow Synaptec Software, Inc. to share your personal information with such Providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a Provider’s website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on the Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent fraud and prevent abuse of our Site and the Products and Services, as well as to provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users, we may on occasion supplement or correct the personal information you submit to us and your Internet Protocol (IP) address with information in our other databases or information from third-party sources.
How Your Personal Information is Used
Synaptec Software, Inc. collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select and to prevent fraud and unlawful use. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. Your personal information may also be used to track customer preferences to provide a customized Site experience and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Synaptec Software, Inc. and selected Providers unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law. Synaptec Software, Inc. does not share personal information it receives from you with such Providers for the Providers’ own marketing purposes.
Synaptec Software, Inc. may collect information about the use of the Products and Services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, Site pages visited, and the IP address of your computer. This information is generally collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually, although IP address and Session ID in relation to downloads may be tracked as part of Synaptec Software, Inc.’s, fraud prevention efforts.  Other exceptions to this, where an individual may be identified individually, are noted in this Privacy Policy or in additional privacy terms connected to a specific Product, Service or website.
Certain Products and Services may require you to use the most current version of such Product and Service or are offered in conjunction with other Products and Services, which you may or may not have already downloaded. The Product and Service may automatically check to determine if you are using the most current version or have other Products and Services and through e-mail messages, pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms inform you if need to upgrade in order to use the Product and Service you have requested. During this process, an IP address identifying your computer and the Product and Service version may be sent to a Web server, but system profile information is not transmitted nor are cookies used to store information.
Your Choices with Respect to Personal Information
Synaptec Software, Inc. recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site and in connection with the Products and Services. Synaptec Software, Inc. will respect your legal rights regarding access to, and correction and deletion of, your personal information. Synaptec Software, Inc. may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Synaptec Software, Inc. unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although in such cases we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. In addition, you may receive communications and special offers from selected Providers (or from Synaptec Software, Inc. on behalf of such Providers), but only if you previously opted in to receive such communications. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Synaptec Software, Inc. will not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.  If you have opted to receive email communications from our selected Providers and later wish to discontinue receipt of these emails, please contact those third parties directly to update your preferences.
There are other instances in which Synaptec Software, Inc. may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Communication Venues
Please note that any information you post using Synaptec Software, Inc.’s, communication services such as bulletin boards, calendars, forums and other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others (“Communications Venues”) may be available to all persons accessing such Communications Venues.  The information you share, may be read, collected or used by others for any purpose, including sending you unsolicited messages.  Synaptec Software, Inc. is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these Communications Venues or the use of such information.  If you do not wish for your personal information to be posted or distributed in this manner, you should not participate in the Communications Venues.
Data Not Collected on this Site or in Connection with the Products or Services
Personal information that is not collected on the Site or in connection with the Products and Services is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. However, personal information submitted on physical product registration cards is subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also covers licensee information (such as contact name and address). If you wish to access and/or correct such information, please see instructions for doing so in the section entitled “Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences”.
Tracking, Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Devices
In order to improve our Products and Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our agents may use “cookies,” “web beacons,” and similar devices to track your activities. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables Synaptec Software, Inc. to record your passwords and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A web beacon is a small transparent .gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, and most Products and Services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related Products and Services.) Information about non-cookie tracking devices and their features, including disabling options, are contained in the information materials provided with such Products and Services or on Site pages relating to such Products and Services.
We may ask you to provide information of others such as when reporting suspected piracy. In this instance, we will ask for the person’s or company’s name and contact information so that we may investigate. Personal information supplied in these instances will only be used for the purpose being submitted.
Synaptec Software, Inc. also hires other companies to place our banner ads on other websites. Such companies perform tracking and reporting activities on ads served and user reaction (“Third-party Advertisement Servers”). They do not collect any information other than IP addresses and behaviors associated with those IP addresses on our behalf, and we do not give any personal information to them. Third-party Advertisement Servers are subject to their own privacy policies. Synaptec Software, Inc. may also allow other companies to display advertisements on certain pages of the Site or within the Products and Services. If you click on these advertisements these companies may place a persistent cookie on your computer which may allow them to display further advertisements to you. It is our policy to require these companies to provide accessible methods for you to disable these cookies. Should you have any complaints about the practices of any of these companies you should contact Synaptec Software, Inc.
Privacy Complaints
Synaptec Software, Inc. takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Synaptec Software, Inc. has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write to Synaptec Software, Inc. at the following address:
Synaptec Software, Inc.
4155 E. Jewell Avenue
Suite 600
Denver, CO 80222
Also, please note that Synaptec Software, Inc. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Synaptec Software, Inc. websites to which this Site or any other Synaptec Software, Inc. website may link. You should review the privacy policies of such sites before using the sites.
Address
4155 E. Jewell Ave,
Suite 600
Denver, Colorado 80222
Phone
800-569-3377
303-320-4420
Fax
303-320-4860
Email
sales@lawbase.com
support@lawbase.com
Browse Our SiteHome
Software
Industries
Free Demo
About
Contact
Get In Touch Phone
800-569-3377
303-320-4420
Fax
303-320-4860
Email
sales@lawbase.com
support@lawbase.com
Scroll to top