http://lawdomains.ca/terms.html
Terms & Conditions
LawDomains.ca
Terms of Use
Domain Leasing & Purchase
Representations & Warranties
Domain Registration
Dispute Resolution
Privacy Policy
Membership Agreement
LawDomains.ca
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Updated November 3, 2019
Welcome to LawDomains.ca! By using the LawDomains.ca site, or by clicking "Lease Now" or by clicking "Buy Now" you ("You") signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions and are agreeing to be legally bound by the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the "Terms of Use"). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this website. If you do not agree to all of the Terms of Use, you may not use this site.
If you do not agree to this Agreement as well as any additional rules and policies posted on LawDomains.ca (“LawDomains.ca”), please do not use this site.
LawDomains.ca, a division of Legal Media Ltd (collectively, the "Company" or “LawDomains.ca”), reserves the right to change, modify, or otherwise alter these Terms of Use at any time. Please review these Terms of Use periodically for changes, as your ongoing use of this site after the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use signifies your acceptance of those changes.
Intellectual Property
All data, designs, text, images, photographs, illustrations, artwork, graphic content, or other copyrightable subject matter, in addition to the selection and arrangement thereof, as well as all trademarks, service marks, and trade names appearing on the LawDomains.ca site (the "Intellectual Property") are the property of LawDomains.ca and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates, assigns, licensors or other respective owners, and are protected pursuant to United States and foreign copyright and trademark laws. Nothing contained on the LawDomains.ca web site should be construed as granting either directly, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, service mark, or trade name displayed on the site without prior written permission of LawDomains.ca or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies unless expressly stated otherwise. LawDomains.ca vehemently enforces its intellectual property rights.
LawDomains.ca grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use and display, for lawful, non-commercial, personal use only, one copy of any of the Intellectual Property, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Intellectual Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that under no circumstances you will use data obtained from LawDomains.ca, nor will you allow, enable, or otherwise support any third party's use of data obtained from LawDomains.ca, to: (i) collect or harvest listings appearing on the LawDomains.ca site for the purpose of sending solicitations to LawDomains.ca members; or (ii) enable high-volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to LawDomains.ca (or its systems), or any Internet domain name registrar or registry for the registration of second-level domains. You further agree not to sell, license, rent, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, compile, repackage, broadcast, circulation, or other dissemination of any Intellectual Property to any third party without the express prior written consent of LawDomains.ca. Use of any Intellectual Property beyond the scope of this limited license is permitted only with LawDomains.ca's express written permission.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose the LawDomains.ca site, or any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information of LawDomains.ca, our subsidiaries, or affiliates without our express written consent.
LawDomains.ca's trademarks and trade dress may not be used: (i) in connection with any product or service that is not LawDomains.ca's; (ii) in a manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers; or (iii) in any manner that disparages or discredits LawDomains.ca. While you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of LawDomains.ca, you may not do so if the link portrays LawDomains.ca, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or their products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any LawDomains.ca logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of any link without express written permission.
Domain Leasing & Purchase Terms
Fees & Payment
Some services offered on the Website may require the payment of fees, interest and other amounts (“Charged Services”). These services are subject to separate agreements into which you must enter prior to participating in such service. If you elect to sign up for Charged Services, you shall pay all applicable amounts, as described on the Website or contract invoice in connection with such Charged Services. LawDomains.ca reserves the right to change its prices and at any time, subject to applicable law. You authorize LawDomains.ca directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries it considers necessary to validate your account and financial information as provided while signing up for such Charged Services. All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties. You agree to pay for any such taxes that might be applicable to your use of the Services or Charged Services and payments made by you to LawDomains.ca. Other amounts and the terms for payment of those amounts are described on specific pages as you progress (and from time to time thereafter).
All prices for domains listed for "lease" on LawDomains.ca are for the right to use the domain name for the lease term only. All prices for domains listed "for sale" on LawDomains.ca are for transfering of the ownership only. Prices listed for domains listed for "lease" or "for sale" on LawDomains.ca do not include the Set Up Fee (currently CAD$49), applicable taxes (13% HST), or any other fees for work required other than the DNS transfer of the domain listed for "lease" (to your hosting account for the duration of your lease term), or transfer of ownership for domains listed for "sale" to the buyer from the domain name registrar. Additional services such as website development, creating a Search Engine Optimised (SEO) landing page, writing legal content and other marketing services can be purchased at an additional cost subject to a collateral agreement and separate invoice.
Domain Lease
All domains listed for “lease” on LawDomains.ca can be leased on a monthly or yearly term subject to availability ("Lease Agreement"). Yearly domain leases are available at a discounted lease rate and will be subject to a "Domain Name Lease Agreement" for a minimum term of twelve (12) months. Select law domain leases, at LawDomain.ca's sole discretion, will be available with an "Option to Purchase" upon request by the lessee. Monthly domain leases are available for lease on a month-to-month basis directly from LawDomains.ca website via PayPal’s secure automated billing system and can be cancelled anytime. If a monthly domain lease is canceled prior to end of the lease term we will revert the DNS back to LawDomains.ca at the end of your monthly lease term. No refunds will be issued for any remaining days of the month if your domain is cancelled prior to your monthly lease end date.
Domain PurchaseAll domains listed "for sale" on LawDomains.ca can be irrevocably purchased subject to availability. As domain names are a non-tangible asset, LawDomains.ca will not issue any refunds, partial or in full, once a domain name purchase transaction has completed. All premium law domain name sales are final. Ownership of the domain name will be transferred from the registrar to the new owner directly by LawDomains.ca or via an escrow service.
Domain Availability
We strive to provide the most current and accurate list of our law domains, however, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or availability of any domain listed due to human or technical errors. All domains listed on LawDomains.ca are intended to be used as a guide only. We reserve the right to cancel a domain lease or purchase if the domain selected is not available for any reason. In the rare instance that a domain listed on LawDomains.ca is not available we may offer you a similar premium law domain or provide a full refund at your discretion.
Termination
If LawDomains.ca terminates the Lease Agreement prior to the lease term end date (“Termination”) the LawDomains.ca shall provide a written notice delivered via email 30 days prior to Termination and shall either:
(a) 	offer the lessee another domain name that the lessee accepts; or
(b) 	pay the lessee the equivalent of one month’s lease as full compensation (“Consideration”) for the early Termination of the Lease Agreement.
The lessee hereby acknowledges and agrees to hold harmless and release the LawDomains.ca, its directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all losses or damages or claims or demands that may arise as a result the Termination.
Intellectual Property Rights
The content on the Website (the “Content”) and the Services are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under local and international laws conventions. To the best of its knowledge, LawDomains.ca uses only Content that it owns or is otherwise allowed and permitted for use by the owner(s) of the copyrights and other intellectual property rights therein. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS only and it may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. LawDomains.ca reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website, Services and the Content. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content or Services, other than expressly permitted herein, for any commercial purposes. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use of Services or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Website or any of the Services or Content therein.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless LawDomains.ca, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including, without limitation, any copyright, property or privacy right; or (iv) your violation of any other terms applicable to your use of the Services or Charged Services. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive any termination of this Agreement.
Assignment
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by LawDomains.ca without restriction or limitations.
General
You agree that (i) the Website shall be deemed solely based in Virginia, USA and (ii) the Website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over LawDomains.ca, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Virginia. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Virginia, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and LawDomains.ca that arises in whole or in part from the Website or the Services shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Arlington, Virginia.
This Agreement, together with the privacy and any other legal notices and agreements published by LawDomains.ca on the Website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and LawDomains.ca concerning the Website. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and LawDomains.ca’s failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AND LAWDOMAINS.CA AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Representations & Warranties
USE LAWDOMAINS.CA SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK
THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE AT THE LAWDOMAINS.CA SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE TRADE OR PRACTICE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.
LawDomains.ca makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the site content. Information on the LawDomains.ca site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. LawDomains.ca may also make improvements and/or changes to the products and/or the programs described in the information at any time without notice.
NEITHER LAWDOMAINS.CA NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THIS SITE OR ANY CONTENT ON THIS SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY SUCH CONTENT LAWDOMAINS.CA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR THE USE OR INTERPRETATION OF INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. DECISIONS BASED ON DATA OR INFORMATION ARE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE INDIVIDUAL.
When you access a non-LawDomains.ca web site, please understand that it is independent from LawDomains.ca and that we have no control over its content.
Correspondence with LawDomains.ca
If you have any questions about this site, please contact LawDomains.ca. Any comments or materials sent to LawDomains.ca, including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, regarding the content of any such documents (collectively "Feedback") shall be deemed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. LawDomains.ca shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation and without compensation to you. Further, LawDomains.ca shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.
Applicable Law and Severability
You and LawDomains.ca agree that the statues and laws of the Ontario, Canada shall apply to any actions or claims arising out of or in relation to these Terms of Use, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. You and the Company also agree and hereby submit to the filing of any claim only in the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of Richmond Hill, Ontario and any legal proceedings shall be conducted in English. LawDomains.ca makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. These Terms of Use shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods.
Any failure by LawDomains.ca to enforce any of its rights under applicable laws shall not constitute a waiver of such right. The provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
If you have questions about what personally identifiable information LawDomains.ca collects about you, please review our Privacy Policy to learn about our privacy practices.
Domain Name Registration Agreement
YOU AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT: By using the Service(s), you agree to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, the UDRP (define below) and the rules, policies, or agreements published in association with specific of the Service(s) and/or which may be enforced by ICANN, the registries, and governments.
PASSAGE OF TIME: This Agreement will change over time. If, as a result of such a change, you no longer agree with the terms of this Agreement, you agree that your exclusive remedy is to transfer your domain name registration services to another registrar or request of us that we cancel your domain name registration services. If you continue to use the Services following a change in this Agreement and/or the Services, your continued use of the Services indicates your consent to the changes. Any such revision or change will be binding and effective within 30 days of when the revised Agreement or change to the Service(s) is posted to the website of either the Primary or Backend Service Providers, or 15 days after you view the revised Agreement or 15 days after notification is sent to the e-mail address provided in association with your domain name registration. You agree to review this Agreement periodically to make yourself aware of any such revisions.
YOU WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES IS NOT GOING TO SUBJECT US TO ANY CLAIM(S)You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, your Primary Service Provider, and applicable registry administrator(s), and other registry operators listed at http://www.icann.org/registries/listing.html and all such parties' directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages and reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of, or related to, the domain name registration and domain name transfer services you are obtaining from us.
NOT INCLUDED IN THE SERVICES: Without limitation, the following are not included in the Services: We cannot and do not check to see whether the domain name(s) you select, or the use you make of the domain name(s), or other of the Service(s), infringes legal rights of others. It is your responsibility to know whether or not the domain name(s) you select or use infringes legal rights of others. We might be ordered by a court to cancel, modify, or transfer your domain name; it is your responsibility to list accurate contact information in association with your account and to communicate with litigants, potential litigants, and governmental authorities. It is not our responsibility to forward court orders or other communications to you. We will comply with court orders unless you contact us to contest the order.
IF LAWSUIT(S) ARE THREATENED: If we are sued or threatened with lawsuit in connection with Service(s) provided to you, we may turn to you to indemnify us and to hold us harmless from the claims and expenses (including lawyer's fees and court costs). Under such circumstances, you agree that you will, upon demand, obtain a performance bond with a reputable bonding company or, if you are unable to obtain a performance bond, that you will deposit money with us to pay for our reasonably anticipated expenses in relation to the matter for the coming year. Such deposit will be drawn down as expenses are incurred, with all account notices sent to the WHOIS contact information provided in association with your domain names and/or account. We shall not be obliged to extend you any credit in relation to such expenses and we may terminate the Services for a failure to make or renew such a deposit. We will return any unused deposit upon the later of one year from deposit or the conclusion of the matter.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION POLICY: You agree to the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy ("UDRP"), which is available at http://www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-rules-24oct99.htm and http://www.icann.org/dndr/udrp/policy.htm . You agree that the UDRP may be changed by ICANN (or ICANN's successor) at any time. You agree that, if the registration or reservation of your domain name is challenged by a third party, you will be subject to the provisions specified in the Dispute Policy in effect at the time your domain name registration is disputed by the third party. You also agree that, in the event a domain name dispute arises with any third party, you will indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions of the UDRP. You also understand that it is important for you to regularly monitor email sent to the email address associated with your account and domain names because, among other reasons, if a dispute arises regarding Services provided to you, you may loose your rights to receive the Services if you do not respond expeditiously to an email sent in conjunction therewith.
EXPIRATION AND RENEWAL OF SERVICE(S): You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to keep your own records and to maintain your own reminders regarding when your domain name registration or other Services are set to expire. As a convenience to you, and not as a binding commitment, we and/or your Primary Service Provider may notify you via an email message or via your account when renewal fees are due. Should these fees go unpaid, your Services will expire or be cancelled. Payment must be made by credit card or such other method as we may allow or require from time to time. If you select automatic renewal of the Service(s), we may attempt to renew the Service(s) a reasonable time before expiration, provided your credit card or other billing information is available and up to date. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to keep your billing information up to date and that we are not required to, but that we may, contact you to update this information in the event that an attempted transaction is not processed successfully.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS RELATING TO THE ACCOUNT AND WHOIS CONTACT INFORMATION: In the event that, in registering a domain name or obtaining other Service(s), you provide information about or on behalf of a third party, you represent that you have (a) provided notice to that third party of the disclosure and use of that party's information as set forth in this Agreement, and (b) that you have obtained the third party's express consent to the disclosure and use of that party's information as set forth in this Agreement. By registering a domain name or applying for other Service(s) you also represent that the statements in your application are true and you also represent that the domain name is not being registered or the Services being procured for any unlawful purpose. You acknowledge that providing inaccurate information or failing to update information promptly will constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will be sufficient basis for suspension or termination of Services to you. You further agree that your failure to respond for over ten (10) calendar days to inquiries by us concerning the accuracy of account and WHOIS contact information shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will be sufficient basis for suspension or termination of Service(s) to you. As indicated elsewhere in this Agreement, you understand that it is important for you to regularly monitor email sent to the email address associated with your account and WHOIS contact information because, among other reasons, if a dispute arises regarding a domain name(s) or other Service(s), you may loose your rights to the domain name(s) or your right to receive the Service(s) if you do not respond appropriately to an email sent in conjunction therewith.
ACCESSING YOUR ACCOUNT AND AN IMPORTANT LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY: In order to change any of your account or domain name WHOIS information, you must access your account with your Primary Service Provider (if any), or your account with us. Please safeguard your account login identifier and password from any unauthorized use. You agree that any person in possession of you account login identifier and password will have the ability and your authorization to modify your account and domain name information. We will take reasonable precautions to protect the information we obtain from you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of that informationand that such reasonable precautions include procedures for releasing account access information to parties who claim to have lost account access information. You agree that, if we take reasonable precautions in relation thereto, that IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE IF SUCH REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS DO NOT PREVENT THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISUSE OF YOUR ACCOUNT IDENTIFIER OR PASSWORD AND THAT, EVEN IF WE FAIL TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS, THAT OUR LIABILITY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BE LIMITED BY THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISION FOUND BELOW IN THIS AGREEMENT. If you contact us alleging that a third party has unauthorized access to your account or domain names, you agree that we may charge you administrative fees of $50 (US dollars) per hour for our time spent in relation to the matter, regardless of whether or not we return control over the account and/or domain names to you.
ACCESSING YOUR ACCOUNT AND AN IMPORTANT LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY: In order to change any of your account or domain name WHOIS information, you must access your account with your Primary Service Provider (if any), or your account with us. Please safeguard your account login identifier and password from any unauthorized use. You agree that any person in possession of you account login identifier and password will have the ability and your authorization to modify your account and domain name information. We will take reasonable precautions to protect the information we obtain from you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of that informationand that such reasonable precautions include procedures for releasing account access information to parties who claim to have lost account access information. You agree that, if we take reasonable precautions in relation thereto, that IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE IF SUCH REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS DO NOT PREVENT THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISUSE OF YOUR ACCOUNT IDENTIFIER OR PASSWORD AND THAT, EVEN IF WE FAIL TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS, THAT OUR LIABILITY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BE LIMITED BY THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISION FOUND BELOW IN THIS AGREEMENT. If you contact us alleging that a third party has unauthorized access to your account or domain names, you agree that we may charge you administrative fees of $50 (US dollars) per hour for our time spent in relation to the matter, regardless of whether or not we return control over the account and/or domain names to you.
PRIVACY POLICY: You agree and consent that we will make available the domain name registration information you provide or that we otherwise maintain to the following parties: ICANN, the registry administrator(s), and to other third parties as ICANN and applicable laws may require or permit (including through web-based and other on-line WHOIS lookup systems), whether during or after the term of your domain name registration services of the domain name. You hereby irrevocably waive any and all claims and causes of action you may have arising from such disclosure or use of such information. Additionally, you acknowledge that ICANN may establish or modify the guidelines, limits and/or requirements that relate to the amount and type of information that we may or must make available to the public or to private entities, and the manner in which such information is made available. Information regarding ICANN's guidelines and requirements regarding WHOIS can be found at http://www.icann.org/registrars/wmrp.htm, http://www.icann.org/registrars/wdrp.htm, and elsewhere on the ICANN website at http://www.icann.org/index.html. You agree that we may make publicly available, or directly available to third parties, some, or all, of the information you provide, for purposes of inspection (such as through our WHOIS service) or for targeted marketing and other purposes as required or permitted by applicable laws. One of the ways that we may make some or all of the information you provide available to the public or third parties is by way of bulk WHOIS data access provided to third parties who enter into a bulk WHOIS data access agreement with us. Please click here if you would like your WHOIS information made available for bulk access. We reserve the right to discontinue providing bulk WHOIS data access to third parties.
AGENTS AND LICENSES: You agree that, if you are registering a domain name for or on behalf of someone else, you represent that you have the authority to nonetheless bind that person as a principal to all terms and conditions provided herein. You agree that if you license the use of the domain name registered to you to a third party, you nonetheless remain the domain name holder of record, and remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to payment obligations, and providing (and updating, as necessary) both your own full contact information, and accurate technical, administrative, billing and zone contact information adequate to facilitate timely resolution of any problems that arise in connection with the domain name and domain name registration.
AFTER EXPIRATION OF THE TERM OF A DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION: After expiration of the term of a domain name registration services and before deletion of the domain name in the applicable registry's database, you acknowledge that we may direct the domain name to name-servers and IP address(es) designated by us, including, without limitation, to no IP address or to IP address(es) which host a parking page or a commercial search engine that may display advertisements, and you acknowledge that we may either leave your WHOIS information intact or that we may change the contact information in the WHOIS output for the expired domain name so that you are no longer the listed registrant of the expired domain name.
After expiration of the term of domain name registration services, you acknowledge that certain registry administrators may provide procedures or grace periods during which expired domain name registrations may be renewed. You acknowledge that you assume all risks and all consequences if you wait until close to or after the end of a domain name registration term to attempt to renew the registration. You acknowledge that we, for any reason and in our sole discretion, may choose not to participate in a post-expiration renewal of a domain name and that we shall not be liable therefore. You acknowledge that post-expiration renewal or redemption processes, if any, involve additional fees which we and your Primary Service Provider may determine. You acknowledge and agree that expired domain name(s) may be made available to be registered or re-registered to any party at any time.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY (1) SUSPENSION OR LOSS OF THE SERVICE(S), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION SERVICES, (2) USE OF THE SERVICE(S), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION SERVICES, (3) INTERRUPTION OF OUR SERVICES OR INTERRUPTION OF YOUR BUSINESS, (4) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO OUR WEB SITE(S) OR SERVICE(S) OR DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS YOU EXPERIENCE IN RELATION TO A DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED WITH US; (5) LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM ACTS OF OR EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL (6) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MIS-DELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (7) THE PROCESSING OF AN APPLICATION FOR A DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION; (8) LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISUSE OF YOUR ACCOUNT IDENTIFIER OR PASSWORD; OR (9) APPLICATION OF THE DISPUTE POLICY. WE ALSO WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR REGISTRATION OF THE DOMAIN NAME, BUT IN NO EVENT GREATER THAN FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS (CAD $500.00).
INDEMNITY: With respect to ICANN, the registry operators, us, and your Primary Service Provider, as well as the contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors and affiliates of such parties, you agree to release, indemnify, and hold such parties harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including lawyer's fees and court costs, for third party claims relating to or arising under this Agreement, the Service(s) provided hereunder, or your use of the Service(s), including, without limitation, infringement by you, or by anyone else using the Service(s) we provide to you, of any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or entity, or from the violation of any of our operating rules or policies relating to the Service(s) provided. When we may be involved in a suit involving a third party and which is related to our Service(s) to you under this Agreement, we may seek written assurances from you in which you promise to indemnify and hold us harmless from the costs and liabilities described in this paragraph. Such written assurances may include, in our sole discretion, the posting of a performance bond(s) or other guarantees reasonably calculated to guarantee payment. Your failure to provide such assurances may be considered by us to be a breach of this Agreement by you and may, in our sole discretion, result in loss of your right to control the disposition of domain name services for which you are the registrant and in relation to which we are the registrar of record. This indemnification is in addition to any indemnification required under the UDRP.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES: YOU REPRESENT THAT, TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF, NEITHER THE REGISTRATION OF A DOMAIN NAME NOR THE MANNER IN WHICH IT IS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY USED NOR THE USE OF OTHER OF THE SERVICE(S) INFRINGES THE LEGAL RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY. YOU FURTHER REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PROCUREMENT OF THE SERVICE(S) IS ACCURATE. ALL SERVICE(S) ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS." EXCEPT FOR OUR STATEMENT REGARDING OUR ACCREDITATION AS ICANN-APPROVED DOMAIN NAME REGISTRARS, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICE(S), INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, UNLESS SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE. WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER THAT REGISTRATION OR USE OF A DOMAIN NAME UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IMMUNIZE YOU EITHER FROM CHALLENGES TO YOUR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION, OR FROM SUSPENSION, CANCELLATION OR TRANSFER OF THE DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED TO YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF OUR E-MAIL FORWARDING OR OTHER EMAIL SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH OUR E-MAIL SERVICE(S) OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OUR E-MAIL SERVICE(S). NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION FOR DISPUTES: Except as otherwise set forth in the UDRP or any similar ccTLD policy with respect to any dispute over a domain name registration this Agreement, your rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Canada and the province of Ontario, as if the Agreement was a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within the province of Ontario. You agree that any action brought by you to enforce this Agreement or any matter brought by you and which is against or involves us and which relates to your use of the Services shall be brought exclusively in the appropriate court in Richmond Hill, Ontario, or if there is no jurisdiction in such court, then in a provincial court in Ontario. You consent to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction of any province or Federal court in Ontario in relation to any dispute between you and us under this Agreement. You agree that service of process on you by us in relation to any dispute arising under this Agreement may be served upon you by registered mail to the address listed by you in your account and/or domain name WHOIS information or by electronically transmitting a true copy of the papers to the email address listed by you in your account and/or domain name WHOIS information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the adjudication of third party disputes (i.e. disputes between you and another party, not us) concerning or arising from use of domain names registered hereunder, you acknowledge and agree that you shall submit, without prejudice to other potentially applicable jurisdictions, to the jurisdiction of the courts (a) of the domain name holder's domicile, and (b) where we are located, currently Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada.
NOTICES: You agree that any notices required to be given under this Agreement by us to you will be deemed to have been given if delivered in accordance with the account and/or domain name WHOIS information you have provided.
INFANCY: You attest that you are of legal age to enter into this Agreement.
GENERAL: This Agreement and the UDRP, together with all modifications, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and us, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. The failure of us to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by us of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent as reflected in the original provision. This Agreement may not be amended or modified by you except by means of a written document signed by both you and an authorized representative of us.
Dispute Resolution
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy
1. Purpose: This Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the "Policy") has been adopted by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), is incorporated by reference into your Registration Agreement, and sets forth the terms and conditions in connection with a dispute between you and any party other than us (the registrar) over the registration and use of an Internet domain name registered by you. Proceedings under Paragraph 4 of this Policy will be conducted according to the Rules for Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the "Rules of Procedure"), which are available at http://www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-rules-24oct99.htm, and the selected administrative-dispute-resolution service provider's supplemental rules.
2. Your Representations: By applying to register a domain name, or by asking us to maintain or renew a domain name registration, you hereby represent an http://www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-rules-24oct99.htm, and the selected warrant to us that (a) the statements that you made in your Registration Agreement are complete and accurate; (b) to your knowledge, the registration of the domain name will not infringe upon or otherwise violate the rights of any third party; (c) you are not registering the domain name for an unlawful purpose; and (d) you will not knowingly use the domain name in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. It is your responsibility to determine whether your domain name registration infringes or violates someone else's rights.
3. Cancellations, Transfers, and Changes: We will cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to domain name registrations under the following circumstances:
a. subject to the provisions of Paragraph 8, our receipt of written or appropriate electronic instructions from you or your authorized agent to take such action;
b. our receipt of an order from a court or arbitral tribunal, in each case of competent jurisdiction, requiring such action; and/or
c. our receipt of a decision of an Administrative Panel requiring such action in any administrative proceeding to which you were a party and which was conducted under this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN. (See Paragraph 4(i) and (k) below.) We may also cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to a domain name registration in accordance with the terms of your Registration Agreement or other legal requirements.
4. Mandatory Administrative Proceeding: This Paragraph sets forth the type of disputes for which you are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding. These proceedings will be conducted before one of the administrative-dispute-resolution service providers listed at http://www.icann.org/udrp/approved-providers.htm (each, a "Provider").
a. Applicable Disputes. You are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding in the event that a third party (a "complainant") asserts to the applicable Provider, in compliance with the Rules of Procedure, that
(i) your domain name is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the complainant has rights; and
(ii) you have no rights or legitimate interests in respect of the domain name; and
(iii) your domain name has been registered and is being used in bad faith. In the administrative proceeding, the complainant must prove that each of these three elements are present.
b. Evidence of Registration and Use in Bad Faith. For the purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(iii), the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be present, shall be evidence of the registration and use of a domain name in bad faith:
(i) circumstances indicating that you have registered or you have acquired the domain name primarily for the purpose of selling, renting, or otherwise transferring the domain name registration to the complainant who is the owner of the trademark or service mark or to a competitor of that complainant, for valuable consideration in excess of your documented out-of-pocket costs directly related to the domain name; or
(ii) you have registered the domain name in order to prevent the owner of the trademark or service mark from reflecting the mark in a corresponding domain name, provided that you have engaged in a pattern of such conduct; or
(iii) you have registered the domain name primarily for the purpose of disrupting the business of a competitor; or
(iv) by using the domain name, you have intentionally attempted to attract, for commercial gain, Internet users to your web site or other on-line location, by creating a likelihood of confusion with the complainant's mark as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement of your web site or location or of a product or service on your web site or location.
c. How to Demonstrate Your Rights to and Legitimate Interests in the Domain Name in Responding to a Complaint. When you receive a complaint, you should refer to Paragraph 5 of the Rules of Procedure in determining how your response should be prepared. Any of the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be proved based on its evaluation of all evidence presented, shall demonstrate your rights or legitimate interests to the domain name for purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(ii):
(i) before any notice to you of the dispute, your use of, or demonstrable preparations to use, the domain name or a name corresponding to the domain name in connection with a bona fide offering of goods or services; or
(ii) you (as an individual, business, or other organization) have been commonly known by the domain name, even if you have acquired no trademark or service mark rights; or
(iii) you are making a legitimate non-commercial or fair use of the domain name, without intent for commercial gain to misleadingly divert consumers or to tarnish the trademark or service mark at issue.
d. Selection of Provider. The complainant shall select the Provider from among those approved by ICANN by submitting the complaint to that Provider. The selected Provider will administer the proceeding, except in cases of consolidation as described in Paragraph 4(f).
e. Initiation of Proceeding and Process and Appointment of Administrative Panel. The Rules of Procedure state the process for initiating and conducting a proceeding and for appointing the panel that will decide the dispute (the "Administrative Panel").
f. Consolidation. In the event of multiple disputes between you and a complainant, either you or the complainant may petition to consolidate the disputes before a single Administrative Panel. This petition shall be made to the first Administrative Panel appointed to hear a pending dispute between the parties. This Administrative Panel may consolidate before it any or all such disputes in its sole discretion, provided that the disputes being consolidated are governed by this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN.
g. Fees. All fees charged by a Provider in connection with any dispute before an Administrative Panel pursuant to this Policy shall be paid by the complainant, except in cases where you elect to expand the Administrative Panel from one to three panelists as provided in Paragraph 5(b)(iv) of the Rules of Procedure, in which case all fees will be split evenly by you and the complainant.
h. Our Involvement in Administrative Proceedings. We do not, and will not, participate in the administration or conduct of any proceeding before an Administrative Panel. In addition, we will not be liable as a result of any decisions rendered by the Administrative Panel.
i. Remedies. The remedies available to a complainant pursuant to any proceeding before an Administrative Panel shall be limited to requiring the cancellation of your domain name or the transfer of your domain name registration to the complainant.
j. Notification and Publication. The Provider shall notify us of any decision made by an Administrative Panel with respect to a domain name you have registered with us. All decisions under this Policy will be published in full over the Internet, except when an Administrative Panel determines in an exceptional case to redact portions of its decision.
k. Availability of Court Proceedings. The mandatory administrative proceeding requirements set forth in Paragraph 4 shall not prevent either you or the complainant from submitting the dispute to a court of competent jurisdiction for independent resolution before such mandatory administrative proceeding is commenced or after such proceeding is concluded. If an Administrative Panel decides that your domain name registration should be canceled or transferred, we will wait ten (10) business days (as observed in the location of our principal office) after we are informed by the applicable Provider of the Administrative Panel's decision before implementing that decision. We will then implement the decision unless we have received from you during that ten (10) business day period official documentation (such as a copy of a complaint, file-stamped by the clerk of the court) that you have commenced a lawsuit against the complainant in a jurisdiction to which the complainant has submitted under Paragraph 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure. (In general, that jurisdiction is either the location of our principal office or of your address as shown in our Whois database. See Paragraphs 1 and 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure for details.) If we receive such documentation within the ten (10) business day period, we will not implement the Administrative Panel's decision, and we will take no further action, until we receive (i) evidence satisfactory to us of a resolution between the parties; (ii) evidence satisfactory to us that your lawsuit has been dismissed or withdrawn; or (iii) a copy of an order from such court dismissing your lawsuit or ordering that you do not have the right to continue to use your domain name.
5. All Other Disputes and Litigation. All other disputes between you and any party other than us regarding your domain name registration that are not brought pursuant to the mandatory administrative proceeding provisions of Paragraph 4 shall be resolved between you and such other party through any court, arbitration or other proceeding that may be available.
6. Our Involvement in Disputes. We will not participate in any way in any dispute between you and any party other than us regarding the registration and use of your domain name. You shall not name us as a party or otherwise include us in any such proceeding. In the event that we are named as a party in any such proceeding, we reserve the right to raise any and all defenses deemed appropriate, and to take any other action necessary to defend ourselves.
7. Maintaining the Status Quo. We will not cancel, transfer, activate, deactivate, or otherwise change the status of any domain name registration under this Policy except as provided in Paragraph 3 above.
8. Transfers During a Dispute:
a. Transfers of a Domain Name to a New Holder. You may not transfer your domain name registration to another holder (i) during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded; or (ii) during a pending court proceeding or arbitration commenced regarding your domain name unless the party to whom the domain name registration is being transferred agrees, in writing, to be bound by the decision of the court or arbitrator. We reserve the right to cancel any transfer of a domain name registration to another holder that is made in violation of this subparagraph.
b. Changing Registrars. You may not transfer your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded. You may transfer administration of your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending court action or arbitration, provided that the domain name you have registered with us shall continue to be subject to the proceedings commenced against you in accordance with the terms of this Policy. In the event that you transfer a domain name registration to us during the pendency of a court action or arbitration, such dispute shall remain subject to the domain name dispute policy of the registrar from which the domain name registration was transferred.
9. Policy Modifications:
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time with the permission of ICANN. We will post our revised Policy at www.LawDomains.ca/udrp.php at least thirty (30) calendar days before it becomes effective. Unless this Policy has already been invoked by the submission of a complaint to a Provider, in which event the version of the Policy in effect at the time it was invoked will apply to you until the dispute is over, all such changes will be binding upon you with respect to any domain name registration dispute, whether the dispute arose before, on or after the effective date of our change. In the event that you object to a change in this Policy, your sole remedy is to cancel your domain name registration with us, provided that you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees you paid to us. The revised Policy will apply to you until you cancel your domain name registration.
Privacy Policy
Information we collect
Your privacy is very important to LawDomains.ca. As part of the normal operation of our business services, we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") outlines the information that we collect about you and what may happen to that information. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. This Policy applies to www.LawDomains.ca (hereafter, our "Site") owned and operated by Legal Media Ltd.
As described below, some of your personally identifiable information is disclosed to third parties and used by us and third parties. By accepting the Membership Agreement, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information. This Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the LAWDOMAINS.CA Membership Agreement.
We will not obtain any other personally identifying information about you when you visit our Site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
We use Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our Site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. Some of our business partners (e.g., Google Analytics) use cookies on our Site.
They are used on certain pages of our Site. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our Site. If your browser permits, you are always free to decline our cookies, but you may not be able to use certain site features and will have to enter your personally identifying information manually more often. If you choose to buy, bid, sell, or appraise on our site, we collect information about these behaviors.
When you successfully buy or sell a domain name, we collect some additional information including name servers, administrative contacts, business identification, special registrar requirements, billing address, bank account number, and tracking information from checks and money orders. Bank account information is deleted when your transaction closes.
In addition to cookies, we and our partners use similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around our Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.
This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include:
Address information about you from third party sources, such as the Canada Post Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud; and
Purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
As described below, some of your personally identifiable information is disclosed to third parties and used by us and third parties. By accepting the Membership Agreement, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information. This Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the LAWDOMAINS.CA Membership Agreement.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect from you to transmit administrative notices, buy/sell information and support, billing information, to send you specific information that you have requested, to process your credit card purchases, and to complete the paperwork necessary to transfer a domain name registration. We may also use it to send you information that is targeted to your interests, such as upcoming auctions and promotions. By accepting the Membership Agreement, receiving our newsletter is required as part of the service that we offer. If you wish to no longer receive our newsletters and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by either deactivating your account, by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication, or by emailing us at contact@legalmedia.ca. We will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through an opt-out link provided through our marketing emails, or you may contact us at (416) 273-3070, or LawDomains.ca, Attn: Customer Service, Legal Media Ltd., 8171 Yonge St. Suite 302, Toronto ON, L3T 2C6 to opt-out.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if third parties such as other users send us correspondence about your activities or postings on our Site, we may collect such information into a file with information specific to you. We use this information to support your customer inquiries, settle disputes, enforce our Membership Agreement, maintain our customer ranking system, troubleshoot problems, and to identify you as eligible for special user campaigns. On rare occasions, we may look across multiple users to identify problems, resolve disputes, and evaluate you for multiple usernames.
In general, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. If you choose to use the optional services available on our Site, we will, by necessity, provide some of your personally identifiable information to these service providers. However, you can avoid these disclosures by choosing to not use these services. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.
To enhance the effectiveness of our exchange, LawDomains.ca has formed strategic partnerships with select organizations, mostly registrars. Upon request by such Partners, we disclose some of your personally identifiable information to the Partners for the Partners' marketing purposes. To each Partner, we only disclose information for the members that were referred to LawDomains.ca from the Partner's website. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at contact@legalmedia.ca.
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy. As an example, without limiting the foregoing, LawDomains.ca will provide personal data records if required by the order of any court of competent jurisdiction. We may disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal and may expose us to legal liability. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if LawDomains.ca is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If it is discovered that we have collected personally identifiable information from someone under 13, we will delete that information immediately.
Your use of other users' information
In order to facilitate community, our service allows you to access other users' personal information, such as (but not limited to) user name and listed auctions. Further, as a successful buyer or seller, you will be sent the other data subject's name, address, email address, phone number, fax number, title, DNS information, and registrar identity information.
By entering into our User Agreement, you agree that, with respect to other user's personally identifiable information, you obtain through our Site or through an LawDomains.ca related communication or LawDomains.ca facilitated transaction, LawDomains.ca hereby grants you license to use such information only for:LawDomains.ca related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, and
Any use that such user expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s).
Additionally, under no circumstances, except those defined in this section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure. Note that law enforcement personnel and other rights holders are given different information access rights.
LawDomains.ca and its users will not tolerate any spam. Without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add any LawDomains.ca user, even one with whom you have transacted, to your mail (email or physical) or phone list without their express consent after adequate disclosure.
Control of your password
Except as specifically permitted by this section, you may not disclose your LawDomains.ca password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you will lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
The LawDomains.ca staff will never ask you for your password. If you receive a request from anyone claiming to represent us, do not reveal this information. Instead, please contact LAWDOMAINS.CA.
Information security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at contact@legalmedia.ca.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Privacy protection
The data required by LawDomains.ca to activate your membership is used solely for the account you maintain with us. All real data you provide to LawDomains.ca is kept strictly confidential and will not be sold or released. Your username on LawDomains.ca can be any name of your own choosing, and identifies you as Standard Member or LawDomains.ca Member. Prospective counterparties will be able to view your member profile, post comments about you, and view the auctions you are involved in, but in no way will have access to your true identity or your email address.
Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, by contacting us at contact@legalmedia.ca.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of LawDomains.ca. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit.
"Do Not Track" Signals
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a "Do Not Track" signal from a visitor's browser. To find out more about "Do Not Track," you may wish to visit (www.allaboutdnt.com).
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact us
If you have any privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office by email at contact@legalmedia.ca. In the alternative, you may contact us by either of the following means:
By Mail: Legal Media Ltd.8171 Yonge St. Suite 302Toronto ON, L3T 2C6
Phone: 416.900.9181
Membership Agreement
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS THROUGH USE
By using this site or by clicking "I agree" to this Agreement, you ("Member" or "You") signify your
agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to this Agreement as well as any additional rules and policies posted on LawDomains.ca (“LawDomains.ca”), please do not use this site.
Please check this Agreement periodically for changes as LawDomains.ca, a division of Legal Media Ltd (collectively, the "Company" or “LawDomains.ca”), reserves the right to revise this Agreement and your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to the Agreement as well as any additional rules and policies posted on LawDomains.ca constitutes your acceptance of such changes. The Company reserves the right to terminate a Member's use of this site at any time, after, before or during a transaction, without notice, and may do so at any time, for any reason. This Agreement applies to licensors and advertisers as well. For information on our buying, selling, and affiliate policies and agreements, see the information provided through the site.
YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 18 TO AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT AND USE THIS SITE
This Agreement must be completed, understood and agreed to by a person at least 18 years old. If a parent or guardian wishes to permit a person under 18, and under his or her supervision, to use this site, he or she should email the Company with his or her explicit permission and acceptance of full legal responsibility for the minor to do so. If you are not yet 18, do not have the capacity to enter into contracts, or are accessing this site from any country where material on this site is prohibited or illegal, please leave now as you do not have permission to access this site.
LICENSE TO USE THIS SITE
Upon your agreement to this Agreement, the Company hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to use this site in strict accordance with the terms and conditions in this Agreement and as permitted via instructions on this site. Your listing of, bidding of, offer of and/or agreement to purchase any domain name on this site means that you agree to pay such fees to finalize the sale. You agree not to make any false or fraudulent statements in your use of or to gain access to this site. You warrant that all statements you make, bids and sales you make or attempt to make, are done in good faith and that you have no knowledge of any information which would affect the validity of the sale or bid. You agree to pay for any and all purchases and bids made using your name and credit card through this site and/or you agree to sell any and all domain names as per your listings and the instructions on this site. If you refuse or fail to do so, you are fully liable for such amounts and hereby authorize Company to pursue you for collection of such amount including your full liability for all costs, interest, and lawyer's fees for such collection.
As a buyer of a domain name, you agree to pay any fees charged by the Company in connection with your purchase and as a seller of a domain name you agree to pay any fees charged by the Company in connection with your sale of a domain.
As a buyer of a domain name you agree that all fees and charges payable to Company under this Agreement are exclusive of applicable foreign, Canadaian, provincial, local sales or use, value added taxes or other similar transaction taxes (“Taxes”) and duties. Furthermore, as a buyer of a domain name you agree that any such Taxes are you, the buyer’s responsibility and that you will remit such Taxes to the appropriate taxing jurisdiction.
For any sale of a domain name registration occurs between you and another member after being introduced through this site less than six months prior to the sale, you agree to pay a sales fee to Company, as posted on LAWDOMAINS.CA. Such introductions include any communication facilitated by the site's listings, offers and messages to members. The sales fee will be paid by the seller, and guaranteed by the buyer. The fee must be received by Company from seller within 30 days of the sale. If Company does not receive such payment within 30 days of the sale, the buyer member agrees pay Company the brokerage fee within 30 days of receiving notice from Company that the seller did not pay the fee within the first 30 days
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL DOMAIN NAMES, DOMAIN NAME LISTINGS, BIDS, OFFERS AND COUNTER-OFFERS, OF ANY AND ALL KINDS, ON THIS SITE ARE OWNED, POSTED AND TRANSFERRED BY MEMBERS; ARE NOT PROPERTY OF COMPANY AND COMPANY DOES NOT MONITOR, REVIEW, ENDORSE, SPONSOR, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE SUCH LISTINGS IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER FOR GOOD TITLE, TRADEMARK, OR ANY LEGAL VALIDITY OR CAPACITY. DOMAIN NAMES ARE SUBJECT TO TRADEMARK AND OTHER LAWS AND PRIOR TO YOUR PURCHASE OF ANY NAME, YOU SHOULD HIRE AN LAWYER TO PROPERLY PERFORM LEGAL DUE DILIGENCE ON THE NAME TO REVIEW THE LEGALITY OF YOUR INTENDED USE OF THE NAME.
ANY AND ALL USE OF THIS SITE, SALES AND BIDS ON DOMAIN NAMES, AND OTHER SERVICES TO MEMBERS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS, HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SITE, THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR RECEIVED THROUGH USE OF THIS SITE, LISTINGS OF DOMAIN NAMES FOR SALE ON THIS SITE, THE BIDS MADE THROUGH THIS SITE, AND ALL SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE, INCLUDING ALL EXPRESS, STATUTORY, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
The Company cannot and does not control whether or not third-party buyer(s) will complete a transaction. Additional risks arise out of dealings with foreign nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretense or making deceitful representations, all of which are borne solely by the buyer or seller, as appropriate. The Company does not confirm that users who access its website are who they claim to be. The Company encourages You to exercise reasonable, safe business practices as You would in any other commercial activity. The Company will be permitted to take ownership or possession of the seller’s domain name prior to it being transferred to the buyer.
LICENSE RESTRICTIONS
Except as may be explicitly permitted through this site, you agree not to save, download, cut and paste, sell, license, rent, lease, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from materials, code or content on or from this site. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory of any kind without written permission from the Company is prohibited. In addition, use of the listings, content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in this Agreement is prohibited.
SECURITY
You agree that if you are issued a Member name and Password by the Company, you shall use your best efforts to prevent access to this site through your Member name and Password by anyone other than yourself, including but not limited to, keeping such information strictly confidential, notifying the Company immediately if you discover loss or access to such information by another party not under your control and supervision, and by using a Member name and Password not easily guessed by a third party. You are responsible for all activity performed by anyone who uses your password to access your account.
You agree that you shall not try to reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, disassemble, translate or otherwise alter any executable code, contents or materials on or received via this site. You understand that such actions are likely to subject you to serious civil and criminal legal penalties and that the Company shall pursue such penalties to the full extent of the law to protect its rights and the rights of its other licensors.
COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS
LawDomains.ca makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this site or the services found at this site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this site or the services found at this site from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited. Users who choose to access this site or the services found at this site are responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
Other than content and property posted by Members, all other content, database information, data and services available on, and collected as a whole through, this site are property of the Company and its advertisers and licensors and are protected by copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights and laws, in the U.S. and internationally. All rights not expressly granted herein are fully reserved by the Company, its advertisers and licensors. The Company's, licensors' or other third party materials, services or products referenced on this site are common law or registered trademarks or service marks of such parties.
MEMBER'S LICENSE GRANT TO SITE
Except with regard to personal information, all information which you post on this site or communicate to the Company through this site (collectively "Submissions") shall forever be the property of the Company. You agree to the Site Submission Rules listed below and part of this Agreement. The Company shall not treat any submission as confidential and shall not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Company services or products. Without limitation, the Company shall have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to any Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. You acknowledge that you are fully responsible for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright. You hereby represent and warrant that your Submission does not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
MEMBER'S WARRANTIES AND OBLIGATIONS TO OTHER MEMBERS AND COMPANY
As a condition of using our site, you warrant and represent each of the following to other Members and to Company about your listings: (a) your domain name registration is in good standing; (b) you are not in breach of any obligation to the registrar or registry with regard to the domain name (both referred to as the "registrar"); (c) all registration fees have been paid in full; (d) the registration has not been pledged to any third party, has not been mortgaged, is not the subject of any security interest granted to any third party, has not been licensed and has not otherwise been the subject of any express permissions to use or to link; (e) you are an authorized contact on the registration and have sole and exclusive authority to authorize transfer of the registration free of any claim of any kind and to execute such documents as will be recognized by the registrar to effect a transfer of the domain name or that you have express permission by such contact to act as an agent for such contact; (f) the registration and domain are free from any notice or claim asserted or threatened by any third party claiming infringement of any trade name, trademark, service mark, copyright, or license of any person or organization; (g) the registration is not the subject of any suspension or dispute procedure by any registrar or of any arbitration or other dispute resolution procedure; (h) you hold no trademark, trade name, or other proprietary commercial interest in the domain name, will assign all such rights to any Member purchasing the name upon request without charge and will hereafter make no objection to Member's registration or use of the domain name; (i) to the best of the your knowledge, neither the domain name nor the registration infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights; (j) the registration does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (k) the domain name is not defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (l) the domain name does not include: (1) registered trademark(s) or company name(s) (including misspellings or other marks or names confusingly similar thereto); (2) words alluding to the ingestion of illegal substances; (3) vulgar or obscene language; (4) language associated with any illegal enterprise (including online gaming) or that advocates or glorifies any illegal act; or (5) language that is sexually explicit or of a pornographic nature; (m) the domain name is not identical to other items you have up for auction but are priced lower than your auction item's reserve or minimum bid amount; (n) you will not manipulate the auction process by bidding on your own listings, posting duplicate listings or making any bid or offer which is not binding and in good faith; (o) you will not take any actions that may undermine the integrity of the feedback system; (p) you will not take any actions that may undermine the integrity of this site's domain name traffic statistics; and (q) you will not submit any false statements to or through this site. You agree to advise Company, and any other member with whom you are engaged in a transaction, immediately in the event that you become aware of any claim of infringement or any trademark, trade name, service mark, copyright or other right described in this paragraph.
The Company may take any measure that it in its own discretion it deems necessary to maintain the integrity and security of its membership, listings, and transactions. This includes but is not limited to, editing and removing listings, canceling transactions at any time, and remedying agreement breaches in one transaction with proceeds or assets from another transaction.
You agree that sales and purchases you make through the site are binding agreements between you and the other party immediately when: (a) an offer is submitted that is at least the listing's buy now price; (b) an offer expires that is at least the listing's reserve price; (c) the buy now price is reduced to the amount of a current offer; OR (d) both parties have completed any step of a transaction. Your membership information and other information related to a sale on LawDomains.ca may be disclosed to another member who is a party to a binding agreement if requested to enforce the agreement.
When you purchase a domain on the site, you shall: (a) send full payment to be received by the seller within ten (10) business days; (b) only use payment instruments and mechanisms as required by LawDomains.ca; (c) perform any necessary steps to receive the registrant transfer from the seller promptly; AND (d) notify the seller promptly after registrant transfer is completed.
When you sell a domain on the site, you will transfer the domain to LawDomains.ca within ten (10) business days of receiving notification by Company that the buyer's payment is approved.
Either party to a transaction may cancel the transaction if the other party of a transaction delays the transaction more than ten (10) business days provided that the canceling party gives five (5) business days notice and the cancellation does not become effective if the cause of the delay is resolved within five (5) business days. This cancellation notice cannot be given unless there is a ten (10) day delay by the other party.
Seller agrees to accept the return of a domain name if the transaction is cancelled for fraud or other reasons and refund all amounts paid to LawDomains.ca for the domain sale.
LawDomains.ca reserves the right to hold funds beyond normal distribution periods for transactions it deems suspicious or for account(s) conducting high transaction volumes to ensure integrity of the funds. If LawDomains.ca closes your account(s), LawDomains.ca will provide notice and pay you all of the unrestricted funds in your account(s) due to you.
THIRD PARTY SITES
You may be transferred to online merchants or other third party sites through links or frames from this site. You are cautioned to read such sites' Terms and Conditions and/or Privacy Policies before using such sites in order to be aware of the terms and conditions of your use of such sites. These sites may contain information or material that is illegal, unreasonable or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of the Company, are not monitored or reviewed by the Company, and the Company is not aware of the contents of such sites. You acknowledge that the Company is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the contents or any transmissions received through such sites. The inclusion of such a link or frame does not imply endorsement of this site by the Company, its advertisers or licensors, any association with its operators and is provided solely for your convenience. You agree that the Company and its licensors have no liability whatsoever from such third party sites and your usage of them.
COMPANY'S DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE COMPANY, ITS ADVERTISERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THIS SITE, THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR RECEIVED THROUGH USE OF THIS SITE, OR ANY SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE. ANY AND ALL USE OF THIS SITE, SALES AND BIDS ON DOMAIN NAMES, AND OTHER SERVICES TO MEMBERS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS, HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SITE, THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR RECEIVED THROUGH USE OF THIS SITE, LISTINGS OF DOMAIN NAMES FOR SALE ON THIS SITE, THE BIDS MADE THROUGH THIS SITE, AND ALL SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE, INCLUDING ALL EXPRESS, STATUTORY, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENTS OR ANY INFORMATION RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE ARE ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THIS SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE CONTENTS OR ANY INFORMATION RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR RISK. MEMBER AGREES THAT IT HAS RELIED ON NO WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR STATEMENTS OTHER THAN IN THIS AGREEMENT. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM, OR ARISE OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR RECEIVED THROUGH USE OF THIS SITE, OR ANY SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH THIS SITE. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THE COMPANY, ADVERTISERS AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS' LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its advertisers, licensors, subsidiaries and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, officers, agents and directors from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including lawyer's fees, that arise from your use of this site, or any services, information or products from this site, or any violation of this Agreement. The Company reserves the right, at it own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with the Company in asserting any available defenses.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE
Company may suspend or terminate this Agreement or Member's use, and disclose the Member's identity and contact information, immediately upon receipt of any notice which alleges that Member has used this site for any purpose, including (a) alleged violations of any local, state, federal or law of other nations, including but not limited to the posting of information that may violate third party rights, that may defame a third party, that may be obscene or pornographic, that may harass or assault others, that may violate hacking or other criminal regulations, etc. of its agents, officers, directors, contractors or employees; (b) to enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to any allegation of illegal activity; (d) defend itself from any allegation of illegal activity; or (e) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Company or any Member. Member agrees not to bring any action or claim against Company for any action under this Agreement or this section.
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM
This site (excluding third party linked sites) is controlled by the Company from its offices within the province of Ontario, Canada. It can be accessed from all provinces as well as from other countries around the world to the extent permitted by this site. As each of these places has laws that may differ from Ontario, by accessing this site, both you and the Company agree that the statues and laws of the Ontario shall apply to any actions or claims arising out of or in relation to this Agreement or your use of this site, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. You and the Company also agree and hereby submit to the filing of any claim only in the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of Richmond Hill, Ontario and any legal proceedings shall be conducted in English. The Company makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods.
MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement incorporates by reference the Site Submission Rules if this site allows posting and posts such Rules. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties related to the subject matter thereof, supersedes any prior or contemporaneous (oral, written or electronic) agreement between the parties and shall not be changed except by written agreement signed by an officer of Company. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected, and this Agreement as much as possible under applicable law shall continue in full force and effect as if such unenforceable provision had never constituted a part hereof and the unenforceable provision shall be automatically amended so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable provision within the limits of applicable law. Member shall not assign or transfer this Agreement and any such transfer shall be void.
SUBMISSION RULES ("SITE SUBMISSION RULES")
By using features of this site that allow you to post or otherwise transmit information to or through this site, or which may be seen by other Members, you agree that you will not upload, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content -- including text, communications, video, software, images, sounds, data, or other information -- that:
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortuous, obscene, sexually explicit or graphic, or otherwise in violation of this site's rules or policies;
victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
infringes any patent, trade mark, service mark, trade secret, copyright, moral right, right of publicity, privacy or other proprietary right of any party;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (also known as "spamming"), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party; or
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of this site, its licensors or advertisers.
You also agree that you shall not harvest or collect information about the Members of this site or use such information for the purpose of transmitting or facilitating transmission of unsolicited bulk electronic e-mail or communications for any other commercial purpose of your own or a third party.
You further agree that you shall not solicit or collect information, or attempt to induce any physical contact with, anyone under 18 years old without appropriate prior verifiable express parental consent.
This site generally does not pre-screen, monitor, or edit the content posted by Members of this site. However, this site and its agents have the right, at their sole discretion, to remove any content that, in this site's sole judgment, does not comply with the Site Submission Rules or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate, or for any other reason. This site is not liable for any failure, delay, damages or results, in removing such content.
You agree that your use of this site may be suspended or terminated immediately upon receipt of any notice which alleges that you have used this site in violation of these Rules and/or for any purpose that violates any local, state, federal or law of other nations, including but not limited to the posting of information that may violate third party rights, that may defame a third party, that may be obscene or pornographic, that may harass or assault others, that may violate hacking or other criminal regulations, etc. of its agents, officers, directors, contractors or employees. In such event, you agree that the owner of this site may disclose your identity and contact information, if requested by a government or law enforcement body or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action, and the owner of this site shall not be liable for damages or results thereof, and you agree not to bring any action or claim against the owner of this site for such disclosure.
This site reserves the right to revise these Site Submission Rules at its discretion, so check back from time to time to be sure you are complying with the current version.
LawDomains.ca Contact Form
Send Message
We require your contact information to provide you with a quote and transfer the domain name to you if a sale is made. By clicking "Send Message" you hereby agree to our Terms & Conditions and consent to us contacting you.
LawDomains.ca
8171 Yonge St. Suite 302
Toronto ON L3T 2C6
Phone
416.900.9181
Email
sales@lawdomains.ca