https://ledermanlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Call NOW for a FREE Consultation
Phone: (732) 424-9388
Facsimile: (732) 424-9585
Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMER BY THE LAW OFFICES OF LEE R. LEDERMAN
The Law Offices of Lee R. Lederman has adopted this privacy policy to inform you about our practices regarding the collection and use of information about people who visit this web site. By using this website, you consent to the following terms:
You may visit this web site and learn about The Law Offices of Lee R. Lederman anonymously. Our computers automatically collect your IP address but not your identity. We do record what pages you visit and the duration of time in the site, but we do not place so-called electronic “cookies” in your hard drive to track the other web sites you visit. We collect personally identifiable information about you through this web site only if you voluntarily provide it to us in the course of registering to attend an event or to receive email notices from us, or if you request further information from us.
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, we will use such information for the purpose of responding to your request for registration, email notice, or further information, or for any other purpose that we reasonably believe you have authorized.
Our policy is not to disclose any personally identifiable information about you to any person outside the Law Offices of Lee R. Lederman, unless you request us to do so, or if we reasonably believe we are required by applicable law or other authority to do so. In the event the firm should undergo some sort of corporate reorganization in the future, it may be necessary to transfer your personally identifiable information to the surviving entity.
Perfect security for data in online storage is not considered feasible under currently available technology. Since any personally identifiable information you provide us through this web site is entirely voluntary on your part, you should take care to limit your web site disclosures to information that is not highly sensitive or valuable to you. The Law Offices of Lee R. Lederman follows security standards and practices we believe appropriate for the protection of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access while in storage. Under recognized risk management principles, such precautions are maintained at a moderate level of security that the firm considers commensurate with the protection needed for confidential information of a moderately sensitive nature.
With the intention of making this web site more useful and convenient, we have provided hyperlinks to third party websites (including websites of firm clients, in some cases) that contain further information of interest. Please be aware that when you follow these links to visit third party sites, the privacy policies of these other sites (and not that of this site) will apply to any information you choose to disclose to those sites.
If you wish to update or correct any personally identifiable information previously given through this website, please feel free to contact us by email addressed to lee@ledermanlaw.com.
The Law Offices of Lee R. Lederman reserves the right to change this disclaimer or privacy policy by posting any revisions on this web site. In such event, your continued use of this web site will be subject to the privacy policy as so amended.
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018 Designed by Jay Anwer Designs
Home
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
Send