https://leeabbey.org.uk/terms/
Terms of use and privacy policy – Lee Abbey Movement
Home
Communicating Christ through relationships
Terms of use and privacy policy
You are very welcome to browse our website, and rest assured, we’re not out to misuse any information you give us. Here below are some of the technical and legal things we need to state regarding your use of the site and our use of your data.
Website terms and conditions of use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Lee Abbey’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial) except to promote Lee Abbey or its events;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Lee Abbey’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Lee Abbey at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Lee Abbey’s website are provided “as is”. Lee Abbey makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Lee Abbey does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Lee Abbey or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Lee Abbey’s website, even if Lee Abbey or a Lee Abbey representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. (If your jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.)
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Lee Abbey’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Lee Abbey does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. Lee Abbey may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. Lee Abbey does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Lee Abbey has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Lee Abbey of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Lee Abbey may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Lee Abbey’s website shall be governed by UK law.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
See also our cookie policy.
Lee Abbey Friends
Past Community
Rapport
News and articles
Safeguarding
Website copyright © Lee Abbey, Lynton, North Devon, EX35 6JJ. Hosted on a UK server.
The Lee Abbey Movement is a registered company number 4428832 and charity number 1094098, registered in England and Wales at the above address.
Website designed and built by Tim Wakeling.
Terms and privacy   Safeguarding