https://leekparish.org.uk/privacy-legal/
Privacy & Legal
HomePrivacy & Legal
Privacy & Legal
The information featured on this website is the copyright of Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team unless otherwise indicated.
Disclaimer
The contents of this web site are for information only and neither the author nor Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team accept any responsibility for any loss or damage caused as a result of reading or use of these pages. Whilst every care has been taken in the compilation of these pages, Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team disclaim any warranty or representation, express or implied about its accuracy, completeness or appropriateness for a particular purpose. Any views expressed in these pages are not necessarily those of Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team or its partners. If you find anything that causes concern please let us know.
Email: leekparish@btconnect.com
Phone: 01538 388134
Data Protection and Privacy statement
We regard your privacy as important and comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. We will only use any personal information you send us for the purposes for which you provide it, or where allowed by law. We will only hold your information for as long as necessary for these purposes and will not pass it to any other parties unless this is made clear to you. All employees who have access to your personal data or are associated with the handling of that data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data.
Website Usage Data
With or without cookies, our website keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that the page request is coming from (i.e. your IP address, domain name), date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other parameters in the URL (e.g. search criteria). We use this data to better understand how our website is used. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting but is not attributed to you as an individual.
Links Disclaimer
We include links from our website to other websites. Many of the links from our site lead to sites maintained by other organisations or individuals, Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team is not responsible for the contents or reliability of linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. Listing shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind. No responsibility is assumed by Leek & Meerbrook Parish Team for the contents of their pages. We will not be able to deal with any queries arising from these external websites – please contact the provider of the website.
Broken Links
We cannot guarantee that links will work all of the time and we have no control over availability of linked pages.
If your browser reports that it cannot contact the site, there is probably a fault at the website and it may be worth trying again later. However, if you receive a Document Not Found (error 404) message, our link is wrong – please tell our contact leekparish@btconnect.com so that we can correct it.
If you would like us to link to your site, or another site you find useful, contact leekparish@btconnect.com with the URL and we will consider adding a link.
Links To This Site
You are welcome to make a link to any page on our site if you think it is useful. However, you must acknowledge our copyright if you copy any text or graphics from our pages onto your own, or include any graphics on our site within your pages.
Contact Us If you have any questions or would like to speak with one of the team, please get in touch via the contact page.
ChurchesOur six Church of England Churches are located within the Leek and Meerbrook area.
Read more here
What We DoOur work with the community focuses on 5 key principles
Read more here
Stay In Touch With Us!
RSS
Facebook