https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/clear-investigation-software
Home
Products
CLEAR
Online investigation software
Thomson Reuters CLEAR
Free demo
Overview
Overview
Plans and pricing
Case studies
Locate, identify, and connect the facts you need
Thomson Reuters CLEAR® is powered by billions of data points and leverages cutting-edge public records technology to bring all key content together in a customizable dashboard. Locate hard-to-find information and quickly identify potential concerns associated with people and businesses to determine if further analysis is needed. The user-friendly platform was designed with intuitive navigation and simple filtering parameters, so you can quickly search across thousands of data sets and get accurate results in less time.
Useful links
Sign in to CLEAR
What's new
Information about data security
Questions? Call 1-888-728-7677
How will you use CLEAR?
Choose your industry or solution to get started.
Use CLEAR for
Healcare fraud
Leverage countless data sources to streatmline your workflow, uncover potentially unknown details, and help your agency identify fraudulent activity.
See details
Use CLEAR for
Anti-money laundering
Complete your KYC investigations, comply with BSA regulations, and optimize your AML program.
See details
Use CLEAR for
Law enforcement
Close gaps in investigations to improve officer safety and community well-being.
See details
All use cases
Anti-money laundering
Child and family services
Commercial lending
Contact tracing
Corporate secrurity
Federal government
Healthcare fraud
Insurance fraud
Know your vendor
Law enforcement
Retail fraud investigations
Skip Tracing
Tax fraud prevention
Third-party risk management
Unemployment Insurance
Quickly and easily respond to COVID-19
With easy access to billions of public records, proprietary data, and live data sources your organization can quickly and effectively respond to prevention and preparedness needs, as well as implement new policies to keep up with changing regulations.
Contact Tracing
Know your vendor
Anti-money laundering
Retail fraud investigation
Unemployment Insurance
Insurance Investigations
Use today's best investigative technology to locate assets
Close gaps in your investigations and locate hard-to-find information on your subject with CLEAR. Quickly and easily locate the subject's most recent address and phone information, as well as who their associates are.
Quickly identify key information
Use Quick Analysis Flags to see key information that indicates level of risk associated with a person or business. Efficiently evaluate a subject to determine if additional investigation is needed.
Easily analyze your subject's connections
Go deeper in your investigations and reveal connections other resources miss. Easily connect information about people, businesses, assets, affiliations, and other vital data.
See CLEAR in action
Watch a short video to see how CLEAR works
02:12
Learn more about advanced CLEAR capabilities
CLEAR ID Confirm
Quickly screen and validate customers with the premium electronic identity verification system.
See details
Batch Services
Search thousands of people or businesses at once, and choose the data you want returned.
See details
System-to-System
Perform searches within your own internal user interface so you can work more efficiently in a familiar environment.
See details
CLEAR Risk Inform
Quickly review risk indicators such as arrests, bankruptcies, redundant SSNs, synthetic identity, and more across state and federal criminal jurisdictions.
See details
CLEAR Everyday Heroes
See how others have used CLEAR to make a difference in their profession
Read more
John Peirce
Detective
Davis Country Sheriffs Office
Bradley Myles
CEO
Polaris Project
Theresa Mack
Senior Manager of Investigations
Cendrowski Corporate Advisors
Cristina Fernandez
Crime Analyst & Reporting Supervisor
Springfield Police Department
CLEAR is an essential investigation tool. The amount of up-to-date information that can be gathered through one search cuts investigation time.
Rhonda Warner
Fraud Investigator, Michigan Attorney Grievance Commission
Ready to see CLEAR in action?
Call 1-888-728-7677 or fill out this form to get a free demo of CLEAR
Free demo
Thomson Reuters is not a consumer reporting agency and none of its services or the data contained therein constitute a ‘consumer report’ as such term is defined in the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), 15 U.S.C. sec. 1681 et seq. The data provided to you may not be used as a factor in consumer debt collection decisioning, establishing a consumer’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, government benefits, or housing, or for any other purpose authorized under the FCRA. By accessing one of our services, you agree not to use the service or data for any purpose authorized under the FCRA or in relation to taking an adverse action relating to a consumer application.