http://legalsolutions.thomsonreuters.com/law-products/
Quick check judicial
Built for judges. Essential for attorneys.
Access the same report your judge sees when they review the briefs filed by you and your opposing counsel – with Quick Check Judicial
Learn more
Free civil rights resources
Thomson Reuters denounces racism unequivocally in all its forms. We are also committed to providing you with the information you need to protect civil rights in the U.S. These free Westlaw civil rights resources can help you and your community build a better, more inclusive future.
The law lives here
For the business and practice of law, rely on industry-leading products and services from Thomson Reuters. Our investigative tools, professional services, research platforms, and reference materials provide the trusted answers you need in today's rapidly evolving legal landscape.
Transform the way you work
See all solutions
Legal research
Strengthen your research with Thomson Reuters Westlaw or AI-powered Westlaw Edge.
See details
Legal guidance
Discover time-saving Practical Law resources created and curated by expert attorney-editors.
See details
Risk and investigation
Investigate people or companies with CLEAR public and proprietary records tools.
See details
Featured products
All products
Legal research
Westlaw Edge
Leverage the power of artificial intelligence to retrieve the most on-point information and craft effective strategies.
See details
Legal know-how
Practical Law
Get a better starting point in new practice areas with documents, checklists, how-to guides and more.
See details
Online investigation software
CLEAR
Use CLEAR investigative software to find the facts you need for investigations, fraud prevention and monitoring, and skip tracing.
See details
Get expert insights
More insights
report
2020 State of Corporate Law Departments report
10 min
Article
Are you relying on the strongest legal authority?
5 min
Article
Considering an integrated platform for the law department?
5 min
Secure online collaboration
Stay ahead of the competition through online collaboration
Innovative solutions from HighQ, now part of Thomson Reuters offers a competitive advantage by empowering your law firm to increase efficiency, improve client and partner collaboration and transform the way you work
Learn more
Speak with a sales rep
We can help with your questions about Thomson Reuters Westlaw and other Thomson Reuters legal products.
Contact us
Find training and support
Access technical support, user guides, training, and more for Thomson Reuters legal products.
Find answers
Log into your product
Access Westlaw, Practical Law, CLEAR, and other Thomson Reuters legal tools here.
Product logins