http://legal.globalaircraft.org/docs/privacy_policy.htm
[Sign in]
[Why Join]
[Become a member]
Global Aircraft -- Privacy Policy
HOME
Aviation Center
US Attack
US Bombers
US Cargo
US Fighters
US Helicopters
US Patrol/Pursuit
US Reconnaissance
US Tankers
US Trainers
US UAV's
US X Planes
Orbiter Vehicles
WWI Aircraft
WWII Aircraft
Airbus
Antonov
Boeing
Dassault
Ilyushin
Kamov
MiG
Mil
Saab
Sukhoi
Tupolev
Yakovlev
Joint/Rest of World
Entertainment Center
50 Fastest Aircraft
50 Largest Aircraft
About Us
Aircraft Wallpaper
Aviation Q. Board
Awards GAC Won
Website Credits
Definitions
GAC Web Directory
GAC Times
G.A. TV
GA Aviation Test
Scientific Calculator
GA Speed Converter
GAC Forum
GAC Games
Help Pages
History of Aviation
Promote GAC
Website Statistics
Site Map
Top 100 Websites
User Login
Contact Us
Ask JetWhiz A Q.
Error Reporting Form
Write To Us
Privacy Policy /
Legal Notices /
[others]
Extra Navigation
GAC Search Engine
the Web
Aircraft
Definitions
Directory
Images
Profiles
GLOBALAIRCRAFT.ORG PRIVACY POLICY
Cookies
By viewing this Site, Global Aircraft ("GAC") may set and access Global Aircraft cookies on your computer from time to time.
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard
drive. A cookie can not read data off of your computer or view cookie files created by other websites.
We use these cookies to store information for our games (like your score), for our members only area (like your log status),
first names (for our homepage welcome), and to check if you have cookies enabled.
We also utilize web beacons (bugs) from affiliate sites to track web page visits and traffic types.
GAC Web Awards
Information submitted to us through out "GAC Web Awards" area will be treated as follows:
Winners of the Platinum or Gold Web Awards will have a snapshot of their website, their website's name, URL, and description listed on our
winners page for the year it was won.
Winners of the Silver Web Award will have their website's name, URL, and description listed on our winners page for the year it has won.
Winners of the Bronze Web Award will have their website's name and URL listed on our winners page for the year it has won.
Non-winners of our award will be listed on our Timeline as aggregate data separated into years. No personal information will be listed.
No other personal information (webmaster name and e-mail address) will be shared with any GAC affiliates and will not be shown to any other
person besides the site evaluators.
Information Collection and Use
Global Aircraft reserves the right to use any non-personal information given by its visitors through this website. Information given through "Ask JetWhiz A Question",
"Write To Us", "GAC Forum", "Join GAC", "GAC Links", and other such pages may be reproduced, edited,
and posted on the Global Aircraft Site at our discretion.
Global Aircraft may also request your e-mail address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services
(for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters or
announcement lists). We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy that means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your
e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.
In addition, Global Aircraft will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. We may from time to time send e-mail announcing important GAC updates.
Global Aircraft may record your IP address in a database from time to time. We use this information to determine how many pages you have looked at
so that we can pick out how popular some of our pages are. The IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have
accessed our website.
Only the GAC Webmaster and other trusted GAC Team members have access to the information you provide us.
Information Storage For GAC Members Area
Global Aircraft stores its members' data in a secure and restricted MySQL Database. All other information is stored in unreadable
text files in which only the webmaster has rights to access at any time.
Global Aircraft also prints out a hard copy of members' account information for protected storage. These documents are only
accessible by the GAC Webmaster or other trusted GAC Team members.
Public Forums
This site provides forums, question boards, profiles, etc. to its visitors and/or members.
Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
When submitting to these forums, we may record your IP address in a log file to keep track of member use.
Third Parties
Global Aircraft contains many links to other Web sites. GAC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. GAC does not share any of the individual
personal information you provide GAC with the sites to which GAC links, although GAC may share aggregate data with such Web sites (such as how many people use our Site).
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or the practices of this site,
please email us at Support@GlobalAircraft.org.
Last Updated: December 23, 2005
Copyright © 2000-2017,   The Global Aircraft Organization
[Legal Notices]    [Privacy Policy]