http://legal.hibustudio.com/us/client-site-terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy-us.html
Privacy Policy (US)
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use
sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our SitThis includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are and information about your visit.
Our Site uses cookies to help provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our Sit
Third parties may also place and read cookies (or similar technology) on your browser to collect information or to serve content or advertisements to you.
If you do not want a website to create a cookie on your computer, most web browsers provide the option to disable them.
However, the website may not work properly if you reject the cookies. If you want to know more about how cookies work and how to manage or delete them, visit the World Wide Web Consortium's website: http://www.w3.org/Security/Faq/wwwsf2.html#CLT-Q10 or visit the all about cookies
website:http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
Where we store your personal data
When we use your information as described in this Privacy Policy, this may occasionally involve sending your information around the worlBy providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information in this manner.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely securAlthough we employ security measures designed to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to:
any member of our Group of Companies (our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries);
data processing companies, mailing houses and other third parties working on our behalf (whether directly or indirectly).
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business, assets or shares, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business, assets or shares.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Every now and again, requests are received for information from government departments, the police and other enforcement agencies. If this happens, and there is a proper legal basis for providing your information, it will be provided to the organisation asking for it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may want to check it each time you visit our Sit
Contact
Please contact us using the details shown on our Site if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy.
© All rights reserved.