https://lesliejohn.net/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This site is not intended to promote advertisements; nevertheless advertisements may appear from time to time. Visitors’ privacy is very important for the domain owner Leslie John of domain http://www.lesliejohn.net The domain owner does not send emails to any one who has not subscribed to receive emails.
However, if any visitor writes email to the domain owner on theological questions or matters related to Christianity or Salvation or about Lord Jesus Christ, the domain owner may write at his discretion emails to only those who correspond with him. Private information of visitors’ is not solicited. IP addresses is logged to discourage Spammers and to improve this site. Do not submit your question/concern/feedback etc. if your IP address is not to be logged.
Disclaimer: Domain owner does not maintain direct relationship with third party advertisers. All the links on the Advertisements on this Site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom the domain owner has no control. The domain owner accepts no responsibility or liability for any of the material contained on those servers.
The user is advised to read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of each site he/she visits when redirected after clicking on a link on this web site. The user should understand and agree that when he/she is redirected to another website by clicking a link on this link, he/she is governed by the ‘Terms and Conditions’ and ‘Privacy Policy’ of that site. Should you have any doubt/questions about the links displayed on this web site, please do not click on them.
The domain owner can not and will not take any responsibility and will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses, even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such possible damages/consequential damages, resulting from the use or the inability to use the product/s and or service/s or any misuse of the product/s and or service/s in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
COOKIES:
Ref: https://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies
Leslie John
Domain owner