https://lesliejohn.net/terms-of-use/
TERMS OF USE
Terms of Use
http://www.lesliejohn.net/
I extend a very warm welcome to guests to this web site, which is built solely for the purpose of proclaiming the Gospel of Lord Jesus Christ, who is my savior and redeemer. I owe him worship and service for the love he has shown toward me, when I did not deserve it, being full of sin. He saved me and accepted me as his child, when I confessed my sins, and acknowledged him as my personal savior.
I would have you my guest to please note that when you are surfing on this web site, you are in my home as an honored guest, and, therefore, I appreciate your movements in my home as an honored guest. You are welcome to read all that I wrote about Lord Jesus Christ, on my web site. I just humble myself, and say that I wrote what I know about my Savior Lord Jesus Christ, to the best of my knowledge.  All views expressed by me are based on Holy Scriptures.  As a visitor, you are free to accept my views or reject them at your pleasure.
This site is primarily meant for proclamation of Gospel of Lord Jesus Christ.
Lord Jesus Christ is the Savior of the world, He is the light of the World, and that no one can come to the “Father” except through Him.
Salvation belongs to Lord Jesus Christ, who paid the penalty for our sins on the cross of Calvary. He died, rose from the dead, ascended in to heaven and seated on the right hand of the Majesty.
God exists in “Trinity”, the “FATHER”, the “SON”, and the “HOLY SPIRIT”.
Lord Jesus Christ is the incarnate God, often called as “Son of God” and He is very God Himself.
He claimed “I and my Father are one” (John 10:30)
Salvation is solely by the grace of God,
Salvation is solely through faith alone, and not of works, and it can not be earned through a price, (6) Salvation is in Lord Jesus Christ alone,
Salvation is based on Scriptures alone,
Salvation once received will never be lost,
All the glory is to God alone. Please secure place in heaven by confessing your sins to Jesus Christ, who forgives any grave sin!
[…Stay away from HELL…]
Disclaimer: Domain owner does not maintain direct relationship with third party advertisers. All the links on the Advertisements on this Site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom the domain owner has no control. The domain owner accepts no responsibility or liability for any of the material contained on those servers. The user is advised to read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of each site he/she visits when redirected after clicking on a link on this web site. The user should understand and agree that when he/she is redirected to another website by clicking a link on this link, he/she is governed by the ‘Terms and Conditions’ and ‘Privacy Policy’ of that site.
Should you have any doubt/questions about the links displayed on this web site, please do not click on them. The domain owner can not and will not take any responsibility and will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product/s and or service/s or any misuse of the product/s and or service/s in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
My writings on this web site are deposited with Library of Congress Copyright Office, 101 Independence Avenue, SE Washington, DC 20559-6000, USA, and certificates obtained.  No part of this web site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, by any individual, without permission in writing from me, the copyright owner, Leslie M. John.
After receiving permission from me, the requesting person, may share my messages provided he/she cites my name and my website address and link my web address on their work. If you would like to use any of the message from this web site for preaching, please be kind enough to mention my name and my website name at some point of your message to your audience.
Name: Leslie M. John and the link http://www.lesliejohn.net should be shown on any part taken or the entire message taken from this web site
Today is the day of salvation. Please confess your sins to Jesus Christ and be blessed. Receive Salvation and eternal life. Jesus is the Way, the truth, and the life. Holy Bible says God created man, in his own image and named him as Adam and God put him in a very comfortable place called ‘the garden of Eden’ and gave him a wife, whom Adam named as Eve. God gave Adam and Eve all the freedom except for eating the forbidden fruit, which Eve and Adam ate and brought sin into this world. In order to redeem mankind from their sin God sent his one and only son, Jesus Christ, who died for our sake, was buried, rose from the dead and ascended in to heaven. […Jesus Saves You…]
Please note that this site is personal and not a non-profit organization.  Donations are not tax-exempt.
About Privacy Policy please Click on the link below and read:
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting my site