http://lewisatlaw.com/privacy-policy/
ENGLISH
Español
Day & Evening
(703) 912-3100
Home
Bankruptcy
Criminal Defense
Credit Card Theft / Fraud
Criminal Defense Attorneys
Drunk and Reckless Driving
Expungement of Arrest Records
Legal Defense Of Professionals
Misdemeanors and Felonies
VA, DC, and MD Legal Code Links
Family Law
Divorce and Separation
Prenuptial Agreements
Spousal Abuse and Domestic Violence
Adoption
Immigration
Business and Investor Visas
Canadian Immigration
Employment Visas
Employment Visas for Immigrant Employees
Entertainment Visas
Exchange Visas
Family Visas
Fiance(e) Visas
Immigration Litigation
Religious Worker Visas
Representative Visas
Student Visas
Temporary Worker Visas
USCIS State Doctors
Visitor Visas
Useful Links
Frequently Asked Questions
Personal Injury
Auto Accident
Defective Product
Medical Malpractice
Wrongful Death
Small Business Law
Basic Business Structures
Copyrights, Patents, and Trademarks
Helpful Links for Business Owners
Purchasing and Selling a Business
Starting a Business
About Us
Blog
case Consultation
5
Call Now for an Consultation
(703) 912-3100
FAX
(703) 425-6300
The Law Offices of Lewis & Associates, P.C.
6066 Leesburg Pike
Fourth Floor
Falls Church, VA 22041
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Law Offices of Lewis & Associates, P.C.
6066 Leesburg Pike, Fourth Floor
Falls Church, VA 22041-2234
Home
Firm Profile
Contact Us
Consultation
Careers
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
The hiring of an attorney is an important decision that should not be based solely on advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. The information on this website is for general information purposes only. This information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney client relationship.
Address:
6066 Leesburg Pike,
Fourth Floor Falls Church,
VA
22041
Phone: (703) 912-3100
©2013 All Rights Reserved