https://lewisbrisbois.com/newsroom/legal-alerts/bipa-continues-its-devastating-impact-on-illinois-businesses
Legal Alerts
BIPA Continues Its Devastating Impact on Illinois Businesses
Chicago, Ill. (September 23, 2020) - On September 18, 2020, in a closely watched Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA) case of first impression, the Illinois First District Court of Appeals ruled that BIPA claims for statutory damages by employees against their employers are not preempted by the exclusive remedy provision of the Illinois Workers Compensation Act (IWCA).
McDonald v. Symphony Bronzeville
The McDonald v. Symphony Bronzeville case came before the appellate court by way of a Rule 308 interlocutory appeal on the certified question of whether the exclusivity provisions of the IWCA bar a claim for statutory damages under BIPA where an employer is alleged to have violated an employee's statutory privacy rights during the course of their employment. The appellate court answered in the negative, reasoning that claims for liquidated damages do not involve a work-related injury and thus are not “compensable” under the IWCA, and furthermore do not fit within the purview of the IWCA scheme. The opinion was limited to determining that liquidated damages are not compensable under the IWCA and left open the question of whether the IWCA preempts the claims of a plaintiff seeking actual damages under BIPA.
Friday’s ruling will likely further embolden plaintiffs’ attorneys who have brought hundreds of class action lawsuits against Illinois companies alleging violations of BIPA. The majority of these lawsuits contend that employers have violated BIPA by implementing so-called “biometric” timeclocks that employees use to clock in and out of work. Many of these pending class actions had been stayed by the lower courts while the First District Appellate Court reviewed the novel question of whether BIPA claims in the employment context are preempted by the IWCA. It is expected that the employer in McDonald will seek review of the appellate court decision by the Illinois Supreme Court within the next 30 days.
Cothron v. White Castle
Additionally, on August 9, 2020, Judge John Tharp of the Northern District of Illinois upheld the “per scan” violation theory of BIPA in one of the first opinions to directly address this theory of liability and damages. The decision results from Judge Tharp’s denial of the defendant’s motion for judgment on the pleadings in Cothron v. White Castle. White Castle implemented a fingerprint-based computer system in 2007, before BIPA was enacted. Although the plaintiff acknowledged in 2007 that she consented to using biometrics, she did not sign a BIPA-specific consent until 2018, while using the biometric system continuously from 2007 to 2018. White Castle moved for judgment on the pleadings, arguing that the plaintiff’s claims were time-barred under any applicable statutes of limitations, i.e., 1 year, 2 year, or 5 year, because any alleged violation accrued the first time the plaintiff used the system after the enactment of BIPA in 2008. The plaintiff argued that the alleged BIPA violations were either a “continuing injury” and thus did not accrue until the last time she used the system prior to the 2018 consent or, alternatively, that each time the plaintiff used the system, it constituted an independent violation of BIPA.
Judge Tharp first held that BIPA violations are not a “continuing injury” and that the violation occurs “fully and immediately,” and is therefore redressable, upon the first scan or collection of a biometric identifier. Judge Tharp then determined that a violation of BIPA’s notice and consent provision occurs “when [a defendant] collects, captures, or otherwise obtains a person’s biometric information without prior informed consent” and that “[t]his is true the first time an entity scans a fingerprint … but it is no less true with each subsequent scan or collection.” (Emphasis added). Judge Tharp also determined that a violation likewise occurs each time an entity discloses or disseminates biometric information in violation of Section 15(d) of the Act. In short, “each time an entity discloses or otherwise disseminates biometric information without consent, it violates the statute.” White Castle is seeking interlocutory appeal to the Seventh Circuit.
Takeaway
Any company doing business in Illinois and using biometric technology should immediately review the requirements of BIPA and ensure compliance. Penalties for statutory violations of BIPA are $1,000 for each negligent violation and $5,000 for each intentional violation. Under a "per scan" theory as described above, penalties could accrue at a rate of $4,000 to $20,000 per employee per day for use of a biometric time clock that actually captures biometric identifiers under BIPA.
Lewis Brisbois was one of the first law firms in the country to form a practice group devoted to Illinois BIPA litigation and compliance. Our BIPA team stands ready to defend businesses that are facing BIPA claims and assist with BIPA compliance obligations. For more information on these specific cases and BIPA in general, contact the author or editor of this alert. Visit our Illinois BIPA Practice page for more alerts on this topic.
Author:
Michael J. Roman, Associate
Editor:
Mary A. Smigielski, Partner and Co-Chair of Lewis Brisbois' Illinois BIPA Practice
Related Practices
Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA)
Related Attorneys
Partners
Mary Smigielski
Partner
Chicago, IL
312.463.3377
Mary.Smigielski@lewisbrisbois.com
Attorney Bio
Associates
Michael Roman
Associate
Chicago, IL
312.463.3472
Michael.Roman@lewisbrisbois.com
Attorney Bio
Latest News
December 10, 2020
Jessica Beckwith Pens Article for Maricopa Lawyer on Practicing Law During COVID-19
December 08, 2020
Courtroom View Network Highlights Lewis Brisbois Trial Work in Inaugural “BigLaw Spotlight”
December 07, 2020
Rachel Reynolds Testifies Before Washington State Senate on Use of Remote Technology in Courtrooms
More News
Seminars & Webinars
December 17, 2020 • General Webinar Series
Ethics II: 2020 in Hindsight: Ethical Challenges You Don’t Want to Look Back On
More Seminars & Webinars
Find an Attorney
Each of the firm's offices include partners, associates and a professional staff dedicated to meeting the challenge of providing the firm's clients with extraordinary service.
First Name
Last Name
Position
Partner
Associate
Of Counsel
Offices
Select one or more offices
Akron, OH
Albuquerque, NM
Atlanta, GA
Baltimore, MD
Boston, MA
Charleston, WV
Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL
Cincinnati, OH
Cleveland, OH
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Fort Lauderdale, FL
Hartford, CT
Houston, TX
Indian Wells, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Kansas City, MO
Lafayette, LA
Las Vegas, NV
Lexington, KY
Los Angeles, CA
Madison County, IL
Miami, FL
Minneapolis, MN
New Orleans, LA
New York, NY
Newark, NJ
Northwest Indiana
Orange County, CA
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
Pittsburgh, PA
Portland, OR
Providence, RI
Raleigh, NC
Reno, NV
Roanoke, VA
Sacramento, CA
Salt Lake City, UT
San Bernardino, CA
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
Savannah, GA
Seattle, WA
St. Louis, MO
Tampa, FL
Temecula, CA
Walnut Creek, CA
Washington, D.C.
Weirton, WV
Wichita, KS
Wilmington, DE
Practice & Experience
Primary Practice Only
Select one or more practices
Accountants Errors & Omissions
ADA Compliance & Defense
Antitrust & Competition
Appellate
Architects & Engineers
Asbestos Litigation
Attorney Ethics, Regulation & Licensing
Aviation
Bad Faith Litigation
Banking & Finance
Bankruptcy & Insolvency
Behavioral Health Practice
Business Aviation
Chinese Business & Litigation
Class Action & Mass Tort
Commercial Lending
Complex Business & Commercial Litigation
Construction
Consumer Financial Services
Consumer Warranty
Corporate
COVID-19 Response Resource Center
COVID-19: Asian Markets
COVID-19: Commercial & Contractual Litigation Disputes
COVID-19: Construction/Contractors/Architects & Engineers
COVID-19: Consumer Protection/Price Fixing/Price Gouging
COVID-19: Contracts & Force Majeure
COVID-19: Cybersecurity & Online Threats
COVID-19: Emergency Order Violations & Related White Collar Crimes
COVID-19: FDA Regulatory/Life Sciences
COVID-19: Financial Restructuring/Workouts/Receiverships
COVID-19: Government Regulations
COVID-19: Government Relations & Advocacy
COVID-19: Healthcare/Long-Term Care/Regulatory
COVID-19: Immigration
COVID-19: Insurance Coverage
COVID-19: Labor & Employment
COVID-19: Tax Implications
COVID-19: Workers’ Compensation
Crisis Management Practice
Data Privacy & Cybersecurity
Directors & Officers and Securities Litigation
Directors & Officers Coverage
Electronic Discovery, Information Management & Compliance
Eminent Domain & Inverse Condemnation
Employment Advice & Counseling
Entertainment, Media & Sports
Environmental & Administrative Law
ERISA Litigation
Executive Compensation & Employee Benefits
FCRA Compliance & Defense
FEMA Disaster Recovery Assistance & Environmental Compliance Relief
Fidelity
Financial Restructuring & Loan Workout Practice
First Party Property
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
Franchise & Distribution
General Liability
Government Investigations & White Collar Defense
Government Relations
Healthcare
Healthcare Regulatory & Compliance
Hospitality
Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA)
Immigration
Indian Nations
Insurance Coverage
Insurance Regulatory & Compliance
Intellectual Property & Technology
Intellectual Property Team
Italy Practice
Japan Practice Group
Korean Business & Litigation
Labor & Employment
Legal Malpractice Defense
Life Health Disability & ERISA
Life Sciences
London Market Group
Long-Term Care & Elder Law
Marine & Energy
Medical Malpractice
Miscellaneous Professional Liability
National Trial Practice
OSHA Safety & Health
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (“PFAS”)
Pollution Legal Liability/Environmental Impairment Liability (PLL/EIL)
Products Liability
Professional Liability
Public Agency & Municipal Law
Railroad Practice
Real Estate, Land Use & Environment
Reinsurance
School Districts & Municipalities
Securities & Corporate Finance
Securities Litigation & FINRA
Surety
Tax
Toxic Tort & Environmental Litigation
Trade Secrets & Non-Compete Disputes
Traditional Labor
Transportation
Trusts & Estates
Wage & Hour Class Actions
Water & Waste Water
Workers’ Compensation
Keywords
Clear Filters
About Our Firm
Firm Overview
Diversity
Locations
Careers
Our Attorneys
Search Attorneys
Our Practice
All Practice Areas
Newsroom
Articles
Attorney Events
Client Successes
Legal Alerts
News
Newsletters
Press Releases
Seminars & Webinars
Contact
Contact Us
24/7 Rapid Response