https://lightthewaychurch.com/privacy-policy/
651-459-4145
admin@lightthewaychurch.com
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Light The Way Church, producer of the Light The Way Church web site, believes that strong electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service, commercial, and entertainment medium. To this end, unless you designate otherwise, the information you enter here will be known to only two parties: you and Light The Way Church. We will not release your personal data to anyone else without your consent.
Visitors to this site should be aware that you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect or solicit personal data.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information – for example, via message boards or chat – that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While Light The Way Church strives to protect its user’s personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the Light The Way Church privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of any changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes.
If you have any further questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email Administrator at admin@lightthewaychurch.com
Cancellation/Refund Policy
• Two weeks or more prior to event, full refund – cash or credit to your credit card.
• Less than two weeks prior to event, refund will vary according to the nature of the event.
• If the event is cancelled, full refund will be given to all registered participants.
WANT TO LEARN MORE?Contact us today to learn more about Light The Way Church and how we can help facilitate your faith journey!
CONTACT US TODAY!
Gathering Times
Sunday Morning Worship - 10:00 amYouth Group - Sunday - 10:00 am
Search for:
Mailing address:P.O. Box 216Cottage Grove, MN 55016
Address:7000 Jamaica AvenueCottage Grove, MN 55016
©2018 LIGHT THE WAY CHURCH  |  PRIVACY POLICY
Bible verse of the day (NIV)
For since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities—his eternal power and divine nature—have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that people are without excuse.
Romans 1:20
DailyVerses.net