http://limerickdiocese.org/policies/cookies-policy/
Safeguarding
Contact
Donate
Cookies Policy
Home
Policies
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Introduction
Cookies are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive, or in your browser memory, when you visit the Diocese of Limerick’s website.
Our website uses cookies to help you in your interactions with the site and enhance your user experience. Our cookies don’t store any personal or confidential information about you.
What are cookies?
A cookie is small piece of data containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) sent from a website and stored on your computer or device.  The identifier is sent back to the server every time your computer requests a web page from the server.  Almost all websites use cookies.   Cookies do not typically contain any information which personally identifies the user but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.  Cookies may also allow www.limerickdiocese.org to record information regarding the webpages you have visited and the content of those webpages, any information you input, your referring URL or IP address, your time of visit and related session information, your requested page, web browser type, status of request (successful reply), cookies, number of bytes in the response and query string and any information or technical detail your browser is sending to us.
What does this website specifically use cookies for?
The main purposes for cookies are to:
Allow the site to function correctly and to help keep it secure.
Make the site easier to use by remembering information that you’ve entered, to recognise you as a site user and to personalise your visit.
Collect basic information about the way you have used the site so the Diocese of Limerick can better understand website usage and so that we know what areas of our website users prefer.
Google Analytics: This is a common website tracking tool that provides us with general statistics about website usage, how people move around our site and the type of actions people take. This helps us to make overall improvements as a result. For more information view the Google Analytics website.
How do I turn cookies off?
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how.  Alternatively, you may wish to visit  www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Privacy Policy
For more information about how we use your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.  This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy.  By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.
Changes to Policy
The Diocese reserves the right to review and amend this Cookies Policy at any time without notice and you should check this page regularly to review the most up to date Cookies Policy.
Contact Details
If you require further information, please contact us using the contact details below:
Address:
Limerick Diocesan Centre,
St Munchins
Corbally,
Limerick
Telephone:      +353 61-350 000
Email:              office@limerickdiocese.org
Did you like this Article? Perhaps Share it:
Policies
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Latest News
November 30, 2020
Watch recording
of Mass for Deceased Members of Lourdes Pilgrimage
November 25, 2020
Vocations Newsletter
November 16, 2020
"COVID-19 has created poverty in new guises" Bishop Brendan Leahy
View all News
Upcoming Events