https://limmud.org/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerFacebookFlickrInstagramTwitterYouTube
News
Contact
Search
Donate
Data Handling & Privacy Policy
When you request information from Limmud, sign up to any of our services or buy things from us, Limmud obtains information about you. This statement explains how we look after that information and what we do with it.
We have a legal duty under the Data Protection Act and GDPR to prevent your information falling into the wrong hands. We must also ensure that the data we hold is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive.
Normally the only information we hold comes directly from you. Whenever we collect information from you, we will make it clear which information is required in order to provide you with the information, service or goods you need (e.g. a question you have to answer on an application form). You do not have to provide us with any additional information unless you choose to.
We store your information securely on our computer system and we restrict access to those who have a need to know. We also provide guidance for our staff and volunteers in handling the information securely, including all staff and volunteers who may hold your details to deliver an event or other service.
We will not share the information you provide to us with third parties without your permission, unless they are directly involved in delivering an event or other services (for example dietary restrictions being passed to an external caterer). We do not share our database for marketing purposes with other organisations. Other disclosures of information will only be made if we are required to do so by law.
We will use your information to contact you in future to tell you about other services and events we provide, to keep you informed of what we are doing and ways in which you might like to support Limmud. You have the right to ask us not to contact you in this way. We will always aim to provide a clear method for you to opt out. You can also contact us directly at any time to tell us not to send you any future marketing material.
You have the right to a copy of all the information we hold about you (apart from a very few things which we may be obliged to withhold because they concern other people as well as you).
To obtain a copy, either ask for an application form to be sent to you, or write to the Data Management Officer at Limmud. We aim to reply as promptly as we can and, in any case, within the legal maximum of 30 days.
Primary Sidebar
Build a new Limmud community
Take your community one step further on their Jewish journey by bringing Limmud to them.
Find out how
Make a Donation
Support Limmud’s events and projects around the world
Donate now
FooterContact us
Tel +44 (0)20 3115 1620
office@limmud.org
FacebookFlickrInstagramTwitterYouTube
Limmud
Mission & Values
Learn With Us
Volunteer
News
Donate
Events
Festival
UK
North America
Global Volunteer Events
All Events
Information
Event Terms and Conditions
Code of Conduct
Data Handling & Privacy Policy
Complaints
Contact
Subscribe to Newsletter
Charity Commissioners registered number: 1083414. Companies House company number: 03903050.
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Copyright 2018 Limmud. Limmud® is a registered trademark of Limmud.
Search for:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptDeclinePrivacy policy