https://limmud.org/event-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerFacebookFlickrInstagramTwitterYouTube
News
Contact
Search
Donate
Event Terms and Conditions
1.This agreement is formed when Limmud receives part or all of the payment required (if any) to attend the event named on the application form (the “Event”) and when you have received a written confirmation of your place at the Event from Limmud (the “Confirmation”). This will be deemed to be 24 hours after the Confirmation is sent if sent electronically and within 2 working days if sent by post. For the purposes of these terms, the Event shall refer to all days of the Event upon which any participant may attend it.
2.This agreement binds you and all participants, including children, named on your Confirmation (“Participants”). It is your responsibility to ensure that all Participants for whom you are booking are aware of, and accept all of, these terms. This agreement continues until the last of your Participants has left the site upon which the Event is held (the “Site”) and for such time afterwards as may be necessary to give it full effect. Places on the Event are not transferable. You confirm that the details you have provided for all Participants are accurate.
3.The prices for the Event are shown on www.limmud.org. The prices are subject to regular review and availability and may change between the time they are first advertised and the time when you book. The amount you have paid for your attendance at the Event will be shown on the Confirmation (the “Price”).
4.This Price includes for your Participants:
use of the accommodation of the class or type stated on your Confirmation;attendance at the Event and its sessions for the period stated on your Confirmation;where your Participants are of the appropriate age, attendance at Young Limmud, crèche or nursery; meals and food provided, subject to availability, for your Participants in the dining rooms and snack areas; and the transportation stated on your Confirmation.physical resources including postage in the UK is covered in the price, and that non-UK participants who wish to receive physical resources will have to arrange postage at their own expense.
5. This Price does not include food or drink sold at the bar, tuck shop, entry to any swimming pool or health centre or replacement towels, additional toiletries or evening food stalls or anything sold by any third party on the site.
6.You should inform Limmud immediately if, within 2 weeks prior to the Event or during your stay at the Event, any of your Participants has, or develops, an infectious or contagious medical condition. Limmud has a duty to consider and have regard for the welfare and health of all its participants and so in such circumstances, Limmud has the right to:
refuse to accept, or cancel, your reservation for any or all of your Participants;ask any of your Participant to refrain from attending certain activities or parts of the Site; orask any of your Participants to leave the Event immediately, should Limmud, at its discretion, consider it necessary to protect the health of Limmud’s staff, volunteers or agents, other participants or the general public. Limmud is a charity and so is unable to offer a refund in such circumstances.
7.You confirm that in entering into this agreement, you are over the age of 18 and you will be responsible for the behaviour of all your Participants under the age of 18 at the Event. Outside of the attendance of Young Limmud, crèche, nursery, babysitting or other such activities specifically provided for participants under the age of 18, you are responsible for the supervision of all your Participants under the age of 18. Children under the age of 10 may not be left without full adult supervision. Unruly or disruptive behaviour by Participants under the age of 18 at the Event may lead to the exclusion of such Participants from part or all of the Event.
8.Please show consideration to other participants and treat the facilities with respect. Offensive, disruptive, nuisance or illegal behaviour, including the illegal use of drugs, will not be tolerated. Offensive or aggressive behaviour or language towards Limmud’s staff, agents, volunteers, other participants or visitors to the Site will not be tolerated. Limmud will be entitled, in its discretion, to ask you and/or any of your Participants to leave the Site immediately if your or their conduct is considered by Limmud to be inappropriate; likely to cause harm; or impair the enjoyment, comfort or safety of any of Limmud’s staff, volunteers or participants; or is likely, in Limmud’s view, to breach any of this Agreement.
If you or any of your Participants act in a way which Limmud or anyone providing security for the Event consider to be a cause for concern with respect to the safety and security of the Event, or if you or your Participants have equipment which is a cause for such concern, you or they may be refused entry to the Site, or part of the Site, or such equipment may be confiscated. No refunds or compensation will be given in these circumstances.
Further information about conduct expected of you is contained in our Code of Conduct.
9.You agree to abide by any Site regulations which are notified to you, whether by Limmud in advance of the Event, or by notices at the Event or in the Event handbook or programme.
10.Limmud draws your special attention to the following:
your personal belongings are your responsibility during the Event;appropriate insurance is strongly recommended including for property loss, medical expenses and cancellation;Limmud accepts no responsibility or liability for any injury, loss or damage to you, other members of your party or your property, except where caused or to the extent contributed to by the negligence of Limmud staff (but not volunteers) or in the event of death or personal injury caused by the negligence of any Limmud personnel; andyou accept that no volunteer or other participant shall have any liability to you for any injury, loss or damage, including as a result of negligence, suffered by you or your Participants during the course of the Event save in the case of any illegal act by such person or death or personal injury caused by such person’s negligence.
11.You must use your accommodation and its contents with care and leave it in a clean and tidy condition on departure. Limmud reserves the right to charge you for any extra cleaning, missing items or damage. Limmud and the Site reserve the right to enter your accommodation at any time for any reasonable purpose, for example, to make checks, maintenance work or housekeeping. Your occupation is not exclusive. No naked flames may be lit in any accommodation building. Smoking is not permitted in any building. No animals or pets of any kind, except guide dogs for the blind, are allowed on the Site.
12.Applies to Residential events: You must vacate your accommodation by the published checkout time on your day of departure. Keys must be returned to the de-registration desk on your day of departure. You will be charged a late checkout amount for any failure to check out by the specified time.
12a.For Limmud Festival, there will be automatic Room Deposit charge of £27 per adult upon booking your places and this can be returned to you after Festival. Limmud has the right to keep the whole deposit or part of the deposit if you do not vacate your accommodation in the allotted time, of 10am on Thursday 26 December or as specified on your Confirmation.
13.Limmud, its agents and other participants may take photos or audio or video recordings at the Event which may be used for marketing, promotional or educational activities. Limmud does not accept responsibility if, contrary to your wishes, you appear on audio or video recordings or in photographs. It is your responsibility to ensure that if you see that you are being recorded, you notify the person doing the recording if you wish to request any limit on the use of such recording.
14.You may cancel your attendance at the Event at any time by notifying Limmud in writing either by post or by email to office@limmud.org.
For residential events, for cancellations 30 days or more prior to the Event, we will provide a full refund less £50 per participant as an administration charge. No refunds will be made for cancellations less than 30 days prior to the start of the Event.For non-residential, physical events, all cancellations 20 days or more prior to the Event will receive a full refund. No refunds will be made for cancellations less than 20 days prior to the Event.For online and other non-physical events, all cancellations 5 days or more prior to the Event will receive a full refund. No refunds will be made for cancellations less than 5 days prior to the Event.
Any refunds agreed by Limmud will be processed and paid within 30 days after the end of the Event (less any administration fees or non-refundable extras). Limmud is unable to process any refunds before the Event.
15.Limmud may cancel the Event up to 14 days prior to the commencement of the Event. In the event of a cancellation Limmud will notify you in writing within 7 days and refund the full Price paid by you prior to the cancellation of the Event.
16.Limmud has the right to cancel your booking, or to instruct you or your Participants to leave the Site immediately, without compensation or refund, should you or any of your party not comply with this agreement, particularly terms relating to behaviour and conduct.
17.Limmud will process your data in accordance with your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998, GDPR, and guidelines set by Information Commissioner’s Office in order to enable us to run Limmud events and activities effectively.
Limmud will not share your data with any third party organisations except where essential to enable events and activities to run effectively (e.g. venue management or caterers). Limmud may use your data to inform you about other events and activities or to contact you about supporting Limmud. If the event handbook for which you are booking includes lists of participants, your name may be included unless you have indicated you do not wish to be so included.
There are more details of our data protection and privacy policy here and if you wish to know more or if you wish to remove your details from the Limmud database or opt out of receiving emails please contact office@limmud.org.
18.This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You agree that the courts of England and Wales are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise in connection with the validity, effect, interpretation or performance of, or the legal relationships established by, this agreement or otherwise arising in connection with this agreement. Any proceeding, suit or action arising out of or in connection with this agreement shall be brought in the courts of England and Wales.
Yad & Festival Maker Terms & Conditions
By ticking that you would like to volunteer as a Yad or Festival Maker on a Limmud Application Form, you are committing to the specified hours of volunteer work every day at the event. The nature of your role, and the shifts-times, are allocated by the volunteer team organising the event.
We cannot guarantee that you will be given your preferred choice of Yad or Festival Maker role. However, when you tick the relevant box, you are agreeing to volunteer in whichever role is allocated to you. Limmud will do their best to give you one of your preferred options. But as some roles may be over-subscribed, you may be allocated a different role to your preference. Nevertheless, you must fulfil your volunteer commitment.
Please note that if you sign up for Yad or Festival Maker scheme, the volunteers who run Festival will be relying on you to turn up to your assigned duties. If you fail to attend for the hours required for your discount, you agree to pay the balance of the full price for your Festival place (ignoring any early bird or other discounts), plus a £25 administration fee. You may also not be allowed to take part in the Yad or Festival Maker scheme in future.
Should you fail to put full effort into your shifts, you will be leaving the rest of the team short-staffed, and you will be required to pay the full price for the event, rather than the discounted price you have already paid.
Limmud reserves the right to accept or decline your offer to be a Yad or Festival Maker at any given Limmud event. In the event that we cannot accept your Yad or Festival Maker application, you will be entitled to receive a refund for the event, or to pay the additional price to attend as a participant, rather than as a Yad or Festival Maker.
Primary Sidebar
Build a new Limmud community
Take your community one step further on their Jewish journey by bringing Limmud to them.
Find out how
Make a Donation
Support Limmud’s events and projects around the world
Donate now
FooterContact us
Tel +44 (0)20 3115 1620
office@limmud.org
FacebookFlickrInstagramTwitterYouTube
Limmud
Mission & Values
Learn With Us
Volunteer
News
Donate
Events
Festival
UK
North America
Global Volunteer Events
All Events
Information
Event Terms and Conditions
Code of Conduct
Data Handling & Privacy Policy
Complaints
Contact
Subscribe to Newsletter
Charity Commissioners registered number: 1083414. Companies House company number: 03903050.
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Copyright 2018 Limmud. Limmud® is a registered trademark of Limmud.
Search for:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptDeclinePrivacy policy