https://lindfieldurc.wpcomstaging.com/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Lindfield United Reformed Church (referred to as “Lindfield URC”) is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
You can visit our website without disclosing any personally identifiable information about yourself (although please note that we may use cookies and collect other non-personally identifiable information about your browsing activity – see below for more information). However, you may be asked to provide some basic personal details for the purposes of contacting the church via email or for logging in to administration pages. If you do submit personal details, you can be assured that we will use this information only to support your continuing relationship with Lindfield URC and to keep you informed about future events and church services etc.
We have provided this Privacy Notice to help you understand how we collect, use and protect your information when you visit our website and when you interact with our church community at Lindfield URC. We wish to help you make informed decisions, so please take a few moments to read the sections below and learn how we may use your personal information.
If you interact with us on Social Media such as Facebook, we will not store any data and will not send you messages except in response to any requests. Please be aware that if you comment or interact with our posts these are public and can be viewed by others.
Personal Information
We only collect and use your personal information with your knowledge and consent and typically only when you make enquiries, register for information or other services from the church, submit a job application or when you respond to communications from us (such as questionnaires or surveys).
The type of personal information we may collect could include, for example, your name and postal address, date of birth, gender, telephone number, email address etc. If you choose to provide us with any personal information it will only be used in support of the intended purposes stated at the time at which it was collected, and subject to any preferences indicated by you.
Your Information
We may use your information for a number of purposes that include church administration, administration of gift-aid and sending you information about church services and other events. If you have children or young people who attend our groups and activities we will only use this information to support the care of your child/children.
You acknowledge that by providing data to us, you consent to the processing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to have your details removed from lists used by us, to update your information or to otherwise tell us how you would like to receive information about our church services.
We will also use your information to do the following:
Maintain church recordsMaintain the Church DirectoryMake contact with you from the church office via phone, email or mail.
To update your information, please email the Data Protection Officer at admin@lindfieldurc.org.uk and quote your name and address in the body of the email. In the subject header of your email, summarise what you want us to do.
Discolosure
We will not disclose any personal information to third parties unrelated to Lindfield URC without your consent. We may, however, be obliged to disclose your personal information to meet any legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable UK or European law.
Cookies
We may use cookies to record details such as a user identity and general registration details on your PC. This helps us recognise you on subsequent visits so that you don’t have to re-enter your registration details each time you visit the Lindfield URC Website.
We may also collect non-personally identifying information about your visit to our website based on your browsing activities. This information may include the pages you browse for example. This helps us to better manage and develop our website to provide you with a more enjoyable service and experience in the future.
Please note that we will not view the information recorded by cookies that holds your personal data. We will only view the data recorded by cookies that shows us which pages are viewed, how long visitors stay on the pages, which country the visits come from etc (non-personally identifying information).
Our cookies and website service is hosted by WordPress but we run the website and are responsible for the information that is processed on the website.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you with information about the church and its related activities. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail.
Access to your information
You can write to us at any time to obtain details of the personal information we may hold about you. Please write to: Data Protection Officer, Lindfield URC, 50 High Street, Lindfield, West Sussex, RH16 2HL
Please quote your name and address together with your telephone number or mobile number. We would be grateful if you could also provide brief details of what information you want a copy of (this helps us to more readily locate your data).
We will take all reasonable steps to confirm your identity before providing you with details of any personal information we may hold about you.
Information Security
Lindfield URC recognises that people are increasingly concerned about how personal information is protected from misuse and abuse and about privacy in general. Lindfield URC regularly reviews and enhances its technical, physical and managerial procedures and rules to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, accidental loss and/or destruction.
Please be aware that communications over the Internet, such as emails, are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered – this is the nature of the Internet. Lindfield URC cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
Privacy Support
Lindfield URC reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Notice at any time and in response for changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.
If you have any enquiry about Lindfield URC’s data protection and privacy policy or practices, please write to: Data Protection Officer, Lindfield URC, 50 High Street, Lindfield, West Sussex, RH16 2HL
Get In Touch
MinisterKeith Morrsionkmorrison@lindfieldurc.org.uk
Youth PastorDanny Goodalldgoodall@lindfieldurc.org.uk
Visit Us
50 High StreetLindfieldWest SussexRH16 2HL
Lindfield United Reformed Church is a registered charity.
Charity Number: 1133127
About Us
Directions and Map
Privacy Notice
Admin Login