https://lindybaker.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About Lindy Baker
Contact Us
Earnings Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Services and Policies
Testimonials Lindy Baker
Lindy Baker Clairvoyant Life Coach, Messenger & Medium
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. We want to make your experience on the Internet as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and we want you to use the Internet’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence.
We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This Privacy Policy describes how our company collects information from all end users of our Internet services (the “Services”)-those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts (“Visitors”) as well as those who may purchase Products -what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors have concerning the collection and use of such information. We request that you read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personal Information Our Company Collects and How It Is Used
Introduction:Our company collects information in different ways from Visitors who access the various parts of our Services and the network of Web sites accessible through our Service.
Registration: Members may be asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Products or Services including name, address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), and the type of personal computer being used to access the Services. The personal information collected from Members during the registration process is used to manage each Member’s account (such as for billing purposes). This information may be shared with third parties, as stated herein, or in special circumstances.
However, in instances where our company and a partner jointly promote our Services, we may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username of persons who subscribed to the Services as a result of the joint promotion for the purpose of offering you other products and services.
In this instance, personal information may not be used by the partner for any other purpose. We may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information Members provide during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of Members). As explained in more detail below, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to sell advertisements that appear on the Services.
Also, with purchases, we supply our member’s contact information, to our business partners, who then may contact the member by telephone after the member purchase. Sales proceeds are collected by the that business partner company. We also may supply other companies with contact information, for mail offers we believe would be of interest to our members, with or without compensation from those companies. At times we may send an advertisement for a third party product, where we collect the sales proceeds, and forward the purchaser’s information to that third party.
Our Company Partners and Sponsors: Some products and services may be offered to Visitors and Members in conjunction with an affiliate, independent contractor seller or non-affiliated partner. To provide Visitors and Members some of these products and services, the partner may need to collect and maintain personal information.
Online Shopping: At some Web sites, you can purchase products and services or register to receive materials, such as a newsletter, catalog or new product and service updates. In many cases, you may be asked to provide contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information.
If you complete an order for someone else, such as an online gift order sent directly to a recipient, you may be asked to provide information about the recipient, such as the recipient’s name, address, and phone number. Our company has no control over the third parties’ use of any personal information you provide when placing such an order. Please exercise care when doing so.
If you order services or products directly from our company, we use the personal information you provide to process that order. We do share this information with outside parties that we do business with. Online Advertisements: Our company may display our online advertisements. In those cases we share information about our Visitors and Members collected through the registration process as well as through online surveys and promotions with these advertisers. Additionally, in some instances, we use this information to deliver tailored advertisements or joint ventures. For instance, an advertiser or joint venture company tells us the audience they want to reach and provides us an advertisement tailored to the audience.
Based upon the information we have collected, we may then display or send the advertisement to the intended audience. Our company does share personal information about its Visitors or Members with these advertisers or joint venture companies. Responses to Email Inquiries: When Visitors or Members send email inquiries to our company, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Voluntary Customer Surveys: We may periodically conduct both business and individual customer surveys. We encourage our customers to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the types of products and services we offer and how we provide them to you. We may take the information we receive from individuals responding to our Customer Surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with the responses of other customers we may have, to create broader, generic responses to the survey questions (such as gender, age, residence, hobbies, education, employment, industry sector, or other demographic information).
We then use the aggregated information to improve the quality of our services to you, and to develop new services and products. This aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared with third parties.
YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY REASON. DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIS WEB SITE, FALLS WITHIN THE CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO.
Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy Policy: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us through the contact information provided on this Web site.
Revisions to This Policy: Our company reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, our Terms Of Service agreement, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner, by updating this posting. Your use of this site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of these changes. Please consult this privacy statement prior to every use for any changes.
Share this:ShareFacebookEmailPrintTwitterLinkedIn
Buy An Amazing Reading Session Now!
3     CHOICES
30-Minute Session $75.00 USD55-Minute Session $125.00 USD85-Minute Session $190.00 USD
Emotional Release Energy BalancingSPECIAL INTRODUCTORY PRICING OF $50.00 each when in a package of 4, Other Packages available for HUGE discounts. (See drop down menu.)
(Regular Price $125)
PAYMENT OPTIONS
One Session $125.00 USD
Introductory 4 sessions $200.00 USD
Package of 4 $300.00 USD
Donations & Other Payments
OTHER WAYS TO PAY Venmo   @LindyBaker7
Cash App  $007mind
Paypal.me/lindybaker1
Pets with ProblemsEmotional Release Energy Balancing works for pets.
FAVORITE PSYCHIC MEDIUM 2013RELAX WITH THIS MEDITATION
https://lindybaker.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Healing-Meditation-with-music.mp3Introduction to Lindy
https://lindybaker.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Video-Lindy-Introduction-from-FIVERR.mp4CERTIFIED EMOTION CODE PRACTITIONERUse with the PAYPAL app or go to paypal.me/lindybaker1Sign Up FormBe Your Best – Create a “Love Box” (Book)
Recent Posts
Gifted Clairvoyant Psychic & Life Coach
Emotional Release Energy Balancing
“The Psychic Test” San Diego News Team
September Astrological Good News
April 25 Universal Reorganization Begins
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
SitelockFash
Categories
Articles
Comedy Appearances
Cornerstone
Podcasts
Special Posts
training-exercises-psychic-development
Uncategorized
Archives
October 2020
September 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
January 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
February 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
June 2018
April 2018
March 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
August 2017
June 2017
February 2017
December 2016
November 2016
June 2016
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Text Lindy Baker at (858) 272-6463 and get $25 off every Gift Certificate you purchase.
Copyright
©
Lindy Baker Clairvoyant Life Coach, Messenger & Medium