http://linuxtoday.com/privacy
A Developer.com Site
An Eweek.com Site
TechnologyAdvice, LLC Privacy Notice
Last Updated: May 06, 2020
TechnologyAdvice, LLC owns and operates each website that displays this Privacy Notice (each, a "Site").
Your privacy is important to us. We created this Privacy Notice to explain how we collect, use, and share the information that we collect from and about you.
Data Collected
Data Use
Data Sharing
Other Websites
Security
Children
Choices and Access
Retention Period
Information for California Consumers
Information for European Consumers
Changes to This Privacy Notice
Dispute Resolution
Contact Us
Data Collected
Data You Provide: We collect data that you provide to us when you interact with the Site or sites owned by third-parties with whom we have contractual relationships, including sites you visit prior to coming to this Site ("Media Partners"). In most cases when you come to the Site we will automatically gather or receive technical data about your prior journey, device and how you interact with our Site ("Technical Data"). Technical Data may include browser type, referrer URL, date and time of your visit, IP address, MAC address, device type, screen resolution, and OS version. Technical Data also includes "Cookie and Similar Data" described below.
We gather additional data if you elect to engage with the Site or certain sites owned by our Media Partners. This includes contact information you elect to provide (e.g., name, address, email address, telephone number) about yourself or third parties to us and our Media Partners. (For example, if you elect to click on one of our advertisements on a Media Partner's site that Media Partner may pass your contact information to us). We refer to the information you elect to provide as "Provided Attributes." In addition to contact information, Provided Attributes include age, gender, occupation, and education level. The Provided Attributes we collect are based upon the product and services you are inquiring about.
Third Party Data: In some cases, we may augment the Technical Data and any Provided Attributes with Third Party Data. "Third Party Data" includes information from third parties such as credit reporting agencies. (We will only obtain credit reporting information with your consent, and will not retain any Social Security number you provide). Third Party Data may also include information intended to validate the data you provide (e.g., phone number, Vehicle Identification Number, outstanding loan amount). Finally, Third Party Data may include instances where you authorize us to use social media account information to log into or connect to this Site. We may combine the Technical Data, Provided Attributes and Third Party Data.
Cookie and Similar Data: When you use this Site, we may recognize you or your device through use of a "cookie" or other tracking technology. These technologies act as unique identifiers and allow us to tailor this Site to your specified interests and track your activity on this Site. This information may be added to your user profile and used to deliver offers and advertisements that we believe are relevant to your interests.
We have contractual relationships with advertisers, advertising agencies and other intermediaries that have advertisers as clients (collectively, "Advertising Partners"). Our Media Partners and Advertising Partners (collectively, "Partners") may also utilize third-party cookies and other tracking technologies like clear pixel GIFs (i.e., web beacons) to identify you. We and our Partners may use these technologies to measure responses to emails and page views on this Site and our Partners' websites. These technologies are used to enhance this Site, to make this Site more relevant to you, and to measure the effectiveness of our email and other advertising campaigns and those of our Partners. You can opt out of some of our and our Partners' use of cookies and other technologies at (Google), (the Network Advertising Initiative), (Invite Media), and (Clicktale).
Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures: Certain Sites require cookies to function efficiently. We may use cookies to deliver advertising we believe is relevant to you and to link data collected across other devices you use. You can adjust your setting to limit tracking or decline cookies, but, as a result, you may not be able to use certain features of this Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your device or browser settings for more information on how to delete or decline cookies and control your tracking preferences. This Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals from most browsers.
Data Use
We use the data we collect from and about you through this Site primarily to connect you with Advertising Partners who can provide you with information about the products and services you are seeking. We generally do this using Technical Data and Provided Attributes, but we may also use Third Party Data.
We may also use the data we collect from and about you (i) to respond to your requests (e.g., receive white papers, newsletters, email, phone calls or texts); (ii) to keep you informed of our products and services (and those of our Partners); (iii) to allow you to send message through this Site; (iv) to improve our Sites and business; (v) to fulfill any purchase you make; and (vi) to use your data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytic and demographic purposes. We use Technical Data to monitor this Site's performance, analyze traffic patterns and usage, ensure that this Site and any transactions function properly, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may use automated decision-making in segmentation and matching.
Data Sharing
In addition to the primary Data Use described above (i.e., sharing your data with Advertising Partners and third parties for the purpose of providing you with information about the products and services you are seeking), we may share your data as follows: (i) with service providers who assist us in compliance and verification activities, or provide services such as payment processing, IT, and data analysis; (ii) if you choose to send a message through, or contribute to public areas of, this Site (e.g., message boards, blogs); and (iii) with a third party in the event of a sale or transfer of all or part of our business.
We may also disclose the data we collect from and about you to (i) comply with legal processes; (ii) to respond to lawful requests from authorities (including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, and including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements); (iii) to enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Notice; (iv) to protect our business, rights, privacy, safety, or property or that of others; and (v) as necessary under applicable law (including laws outside your country of residence).
Other Websites
This Site may contain links to websites that are not owned and operated by us. We are not responsible for the content or practices of such websites, including their practices with respect to your data. We have no responsibility or liability for such practices, and such practices govern your use of those websites. If this Site includes any mapping features, those mapping features are powered by Google, Inc. and governed by Google's privacy policy, as amended from time to time.
Security
We have taken certain physical, technical, and administrative steps to protect the data we collect form and about Site users. We use reasonable security measures to help protect your personal information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You use the Site and provide us with your data at your own risk.
If we share data as detailed in this Privacy Notice with a third party we will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that they keep the information secure and only use the information consistent with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Children
We do not knowingly collect, use, or share the personal data of children under the age of 13 and this Site is not directed to individuals under 13. If we are made aware that we have collected personal data from an individual under age 13 we will delete this information as soon as possible.
Choice and Access
Residents of certain countries, including European Union member states, may have additional rights listed under "Information for European Consumers" below. Residents of certain states (e.g., California) may have additional rights listed under "Information for California Consumers" below.
Marketing Emails: To stop receiving marketing emails from us, please use the "Contact Us" mechanism provided below.
Phone Calls and Texts: To opt out of receiving telephone calls or texts from us, please use the "Contact Us" mechanism provided below.
Please note that we will not be able to remove your data from third parties' databases, and you will need to contact them directly and/or use any available opt-out mechanisms.
Retention Period
Unused data and data that falls outside of categories we deem commercially viable will be deleted. To ensure the accuracy of our recommendations and the privacy of Personal Information, TechnologyAdvice analyzes all records annually and deletes any that have gone untouched, unprocessed, and unreferenced in a timespan of 5 years. Data that has been requested to be forgotten will be deleted promptly.
Information for California Consumers
Through our site and partners, we receive data that you actively submit, as well as data that we track when you request information, or otherwise actively send us data. We usually collect data such as your name, email address, business address, telephone number, and other information related to the business you represent.
TechnologyAdvice adheres to rights of data subjects set out by CCPA. Residents of California upon verification have the right to:
The right to know which personal information is being collected
The right to know if personal data is being sold or shared, and to whom
The right to object to the sale of personal data
The right to access one's own personal information
The right to equal service and price, even for consumers who exercise their privacy rights
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To exercise these rights listed above, you can contact us by:
Calling 615-285-4849 x113
Email us at datacontroller@technologyadvice.com
Mail us at: Technology Advice
Attn: Data Controller
3343 Perimeter Hill Dr
Suite 100
Nashville, TN 37211
To opt out of sale, you can submit a form request here
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Information for European Consumers
TechnologyAdvice adheres to rights of data subjects set out by the GDPR standards. Under these standards individual citizens of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) have the right to:
Be forgotten. At any time you may contact TechnologyAdvice's Data Protection Officer and request that your data be fully removed from all of our databases.
Update or change your Personal Information
Transfer your Personal Information to another data processor or controller
Object to the processing of your personal informatio
If you would like to make a subject access request (SAR) to view, delete, or otherwise change the data stored in the TechnologyAdvice database, contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing datacontroller@technologyadvice.com.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time. When we do, we will post an updated version of the Privacy Notice and revise the "LAST UPDATED" date at the top. We will provide appropriate notice to you if we change the Privacy Notice in any material way. Using this Site after any changes are made means you accept those changes and the revised Privacy Notice.
Dispute Resolution
You have the right to submit feedback about this Privacy Notice, or the practices described in it, to the applicable supervisory authority in your jurisdiction of residence. For U.S. residents this includes the Federal Trade Commission and your state Attorney General. For Non-U.S. residents this includes the Data Protection Authority in your country of residence.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice please submit an inquiry at the Contact Us page or by mail at:
Privacy Notice Questions
TechnologyAdvice
Attn: Data Controller
3343 Perimeter Hill Dr
Suite 100
Nashville, TN 37211
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Service |
About Us |
Privacy Notice |
Contact Us |
Advertise |
Sitemap |
California - Do Not Sell My Information
Advertiser Disclosure: