https://lisawillslaw.com/privacy-policy/
(925) 463-9000
Info@LisaWillsLaw.com
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Privacy Policy:
Law Offices of Lisa D Wills ("Law Offices of Lisa D Wills")
operates lisawillslaw.com and may operate other websites. It
is Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Law Offices of Lisa D Wills also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on lisawillslaw.com
blogs/sites. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's websites choose to interact
with Law Offices of Lisa D Wills in ways that require Law Offices of Lisa D Wills to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Law Offices of Lisa D Wills gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at lisawillslaw.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Law Offices of Lisa D Wills are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Law Offices of Lisa D Wills. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Law Offices of Lisa D Wills may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Law Offices of Lisa D Wills discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's behalf or to provide services available
at Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Law Offices of Lisa D Wills believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Law Offices of Lisa D Wills, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Law Offices of Lisa D Wills website and have supplied your email address, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Law Offices of Lisa D Wills and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills uses cookies to
help Law Offices of Lisa D Wills identify and track visitors, their usage of Law Offices of Lisa D Wills
website, and their website access preferences. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Law Offices of Lisa D Wills, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Law Offices of Lisa D Wills goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Law Offices of Lisa D Wills may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Law Offices of Lisa D Wills and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Law Offices of Lisa D Wills may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Law Offices of Lisa D Wills's sole
discretion. Law Offices of Lisa D Wills encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a lisawillslaw.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
NEARLY DONE!We just need to know where to send the Business Law informationJust enter your name and email address and click the button.
Yes - keep me up to date
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Don't worry we hate spam as much as you, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
NEARLY DONE!We just need to know where to send the Construction Law informationJust enter your name and email address and click the button.
Yes - keep me up to date
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Don't worry we hate spam as much as you, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
NEARLY DONE!We just need to know where to send theReal Estate Law informationJust enter your name and email address and click the button.
Yes - keep me up to date
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Don't worry we hate spam as much as you, and you can unsubscribe at any time.