http://listserv.tamu.edu/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
Texas A&M University (TAMU) and Computing & Information Services
(CIS)respect your privacy. To ensure that every effort is taken to
respect that privacy, we would like to tell you what information is collected
and how it is managed.
When you visit our sites:
On pages where personal data (usernames, passwords, etc.) is entered and
submitted, the information is transmitted over a Secure Socketed Layer (SSL)
connection. SSL is the standard encryption protocol used by Web servers.
Parts of the LISTSERV site
use "cookies" to collect information. The cookie
is used as a means of identification for logging into the site and
maintaining your session state from page to page. Cookies are not used to
track your browsing behavior.
CIS does automatically collect certain technical information about your
Internet connection when you visit our Web sites. None of this information
permits identification of personal information for any individual. We use
this information to monitor the popularity of the various features of the
site for general reporting and management functions. This information can
also be used to evaluate the accessibility of our sites.
We do use server logs to collect information concerning your Internet
connection and general information about your visit to our Web site. We
use log analysis tools to create summary statistics, which are used to
determine technical design specifications and identify system
performance or problem areas. If you would like to know more about the
information we collect, the section on Server
Log Information provides a more detailed list.
To help us ensure that this site is working and maintained properly, we do
monitor certain telecommunications and automated information systems and also
collect some information for analysis and statistical purposes. Sometimes
this means we acquire, record and analyze portions of the data that is
entered into, stored on, and/or transmitted through this site by you. This
information is only released — when
legally required — to help
law enforcement investigations, legal proceedings or internal investigations
of TAMU rule and regulation violations. These groups would use the
information to track the electronic interactions back to the source
computer(s) or account(s).
When you send us email with a question or
comment:
Personal information that you provide in an email or submitted comment will
be used only to respond to the purpose of your request and to analyze
possible trends. We may, however, redirect your email to another person
or department if they are in a better position to answer your question. The
information will not be shared with anyone outside TAMU unless we are
compelled by law to do so.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your use of this Web site, please contact CIS via email (cis@tamu.edu) or through the Postal
Service at:
Computing & Information Services
3142 TAMU
College Station, TX
77843-3142
COOKIES
A cookie file contains unique information that a Web site can use to track
such things as passwords, pages you have visited, the date you last looked
at a specific page, and to identify your session at a particular Web site.
Cookies used by CIS are encrypted strings that cannot be easily identified
with their owner if intercepted. They are used principly to identify a user
for access to the site, not to track user behavior.
SERVER LOG INFORMATION
The following information is collected from server logs for analysis:
User/client hostname - The hostname (or IP address if DNS is
disabled) of the user/client requesting access
HTTP header, "user agent" - The user-agent information includes
the type of browser, its version, and the operating system it is running on
HTTP header, "referrer" - The referrer specifies the page from
which the client accessed the current page
System date - The date and time of the user/client request
Full request - The exact request the user/client made
Status - The status code the server returned to the user/client
Content length - The content length, in bytes, of the document
sent to the user/client
Method - The request method used
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) - The location of a resource
on the server
Query string of the URI - Anything after the question mark in a URI
Protocol - The transport protocol and version used