http://liverpooljubilee.org.uk/privacy-statement/
Jubilee Church Liverpool
Privacy Policy Statement
Adopted by Trustees 07/10/2018 Review Date 10/2019
Version 1- 07/10/2018
Jubilee Church Liverpool Privacy Policy
Jubilee Church Liverpool (JCL) processes Personal Data both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined by the GDPR. This privacy notice informs you of the types of personal data that JCL holds, the processing we carry out, your rights under data protection legislation, and how to contact us.
Our principles
We are absolutely committed to protecting your privacy, and our legal duties under the Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulation.
We have established the following two principles:
JCL will process and control all data on the basis of informed consent, except where one of the other lawful grounds applies (a) contracts e.g. for employment; (b) legal obligations e.g. safeguarding; (c) vital interests e.g. when it will protect physical integrity or life; (d) legitimate interests
We will respect your privacy. You will only be contacted in regard to JCL related matters
What information do we collect?
At JCL, we collect different types of information about our users for the following main reasons:
To be able to communicate with users by email and other means
To be able to register users into events and training programs
To run and plan activities
To be able to collect donations and claim gift aid
To help us to improve the services we offer
We collect information on our users through email sign-up, contact forms, donation forms, registration for an event/training course, safeguarding requirements and/or legal proceedings.
We collect the minimum information required to provide the service requested. We will ask you to consent to JCL holding and processing the information we are requesting where that is required.
For email sign-up and contact forms – to identify you and be able to communicate with you
For donations – to verify payments and claim Gift Aid, for expense and reimbursement claims – to verify and pay claims
For event/training registration – contact details, payment details, church, access and dietary needs
For children – to identify them, age, access and other information relevant to children’s work
For safeguarding and legal proceedings, the information held is governed by law
We only keep other personal information where it was supplied by you for other reasons
Marketing, Research and Automated processing, decision making & profiling • No personal data is shared with a 3rd party for marketing or research • JCL does not operate automated processing, decision making or profiling
Who will have access to my information?
Your personal information will be visible to our internal, authenticated users. Such personnel are only allowed to use that data for JCL purposes. Information will only be transferred to a 3rd party, or outside the EU, on the basis of informed consent, or for the performance of a contract, to protect the data subject or other persons, for important reasons of public interest, or for legal reasons. Some data will be securely stored on 3rd party management systems.
How long do JCL keep my information?
Different types of information are subject to different retention periods. Specific data retention periods relating to your data can be supplied with a subject access request.
What are my individual rights?
Individuals have the following rights concerning information that JCL holds about them: • Request confirmation that your personal data is being processed • Request access to a copy of information including the source and recipients of your data • Request the correction of any information • Request the deletion/erasure any information • Restrict the processing of your data when the accuracy, legitimacy or legality of the data or processing is being investigated • Object to the processing of your data based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest
Rights relating to data portability and automated decision making do not apply as JCL does not carry out automated processing or decision making.
You have the right to a copy of all the information we hold about you (apart from a few things which we may be obliged to withhold because they concern other people as well as you).
How can I exercise my rights?
To exercise any of your individual rights, including obtaining a copy of the information JCL holds about you, write to the Data Protection Coordinator at the JCL registered address or via the email address shown below.
info@liverpooljubilee.org.uk
This is free of charge for electronic copies of information, but an admin fee may be charged for hardcopies of information, or where a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If you are not known to the Data Protection Coordinator your identity will need to be verified before handing over any information. We will reply as promptly as we can and within the legal maximum of one month.
What else should I know about privacy?
Like many websites, JCL uses tiny computer files called ‘cookies’ to enhance your browsing experience. We do not identify you through the use of cookies or information sent by your computer except where you have asked us to remember your details. Our pages may contain links to other websites, and you should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices on other websites.
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe. You as an individual are responsible for the security of, and access to, your own computer.
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your information.
Any Questions or Concerns?
If you have any additional questions about JCL’s collection and storage of data, please contact us at:
info@liverpooljubilee.org.uk
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise this with our Data Protection Coordinator in the first instance or to the Information Commissioner’s Office at:
info@liverpooljubilee.org.uk
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/