https://live-anaqua-2020.pantheonsite.io/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Updated: November 6, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Anaqua, Inc. and its global affiliates collects and uses Personal Data (PD) from or about our Licensees, our potential customers, the users of the Anaqua software and services, our employees, partners and others with whom we interact. This includes the information we collect and the choices you have concerning the collection and use of such information. The goal of this Policy is to ensure that your Anaqua experience is secure so that you may use our products and services with confidence. Please review this Policy carefully. All Anaqua affiliates adhere to these principals including, Anaqua Services Inc., Anaqua Parent Holdings, Inc., Lecorpio LLC, O P Solutions Incorporated, and IdeaPoint Inc. (“Anaqua”). Our website and services are not intended for children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please ask your parent or guardian before using our website or services. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) invalidated the E.U.- U.S. Privacy Shield, one of the methods for transfers of personal data into the U.S. The CJEU, however, did not invalidate transfers based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs).  Anaqua continues to comply with the Privacy Shield obligations and with the SCCs and BCRs.
This Policy Addresses:
A. Personal Data Collected
B. Anaqua's Use of PD -- General
C. Licensee's Use of PD -- Software
D. Licensee's Use of PD -- Hosting Services
E. Client Services
F. Other Services
G. Enhancement of the Customer Experience
H. Information Disclosed to Third Parties
I. On-Line Information
J. Security Measures
K. Links
L. Policy Updates
M. Security Breaches
N. Contact Us and Opt Out
O. Applicable Privacy Laws
A. Personal Data Collected
As a general principle, Anaqua limits the information collected about you to only what is needed for conducting our business, including the offering of products and services by us or by third parties that might be of interest to you. “Personal Data” (PD) means any information that identifies you directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, by reference to your name, e-mail address, login ID, other contact or location data, and to one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. You may choose to provide PD to Anaqua in a number of ways: in person, telephonically, by mobile app, by email, or electronically via our websites. Examples of how you may share PD with us include: requesting a brochure or product information, issuing a RFP, ordering software or services from us, responding to Anaqua surveys, attending Anaqua-sponsored events or conferences, or applying for a job. We may also obtain PD from third parties (for example, credit agencies or background checks).
General Examples of PD are:
Name (including company name for business customers)
E-mail address
Credit card number, financial/bank account number or wire transfer information, including routing numbers and instructions
Passwords or personal identification codes (PINs)
Date of birth
Social Security number or other government identification number
Employee number
Professional employment information
Company contact information for business customers
Mailing address
Telephone number
IP Address allowing you to access our internet services
Anaqua may compile or aggregate PD from numerous customers or Web visitors to collect data about groups of customers or potential customers or categories of service. Anaqua does not consider this “aggregate” information as PD because the aggregated information does not contain the PD of any individual customer or Web visitor.
B. Anaqua's use of Personal Data -- General
Anaqua uses PD to provide products and services to meet our customers' needs, including new products or services. Anaqua may share PD with any Anaqua-affiliated company, and these companies are subject to the terms of this Policy and to our Outsourcing Partners and third parties as addressed below.
Where we use suppliers, service providers and consultants (“Outsourcing Partners”) in connection with our business activities, they may have access to your information which they will process on our behalf.
Anaqua uses employee PD to communicate with and manage our employees.
Anaqua retains PD only as long as is necessary for Anaqua to comply with business, tax, and legal requirements. For customers, partners, vendors, and employees, this retention period is likely to be the entire time you are our customer or employee or otherwise have a relationship with us, depending on the type of PD. After our relationship is terminated we will keep your PD for a reasonable period, to maintain our records in accordance with the law and our legitimate business needs. We may keep an anonymized form of your PD, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful reason to do so.
Anaqua commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
C. Licensees' use of Personal Data -- Software
Anaqua’s customers (our licensees) can use our software products to collect PD from their employees, affiliates, law firms and agents. The collection, access, administration, and storage of this PD is under the control of our licensees, with generally no involvement or access by Anaqua personnel. An occasional exception to this statement is if a client provides Anaqua access to their Anaqua software, usually for the purposes of diagnosing and fixing a software program error.
D. Licensees' use of Personal Data -- Hosting Services
Anaqua’s licensees contract with Anaqua to receive hosting services of the Anaqua software. Anaqua utilizes a data center that is at least ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and SOC 2, Type 2 certified and whose practice and infrastructure are in compliance with applicable privacy laws and appropriate data transfer mechanisms.  Anaqua is responsible for the processing of PD it receives, under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), and other applicable data privacy laws (collectively “Privacy Laws”), and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Anaqua complies with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for all onward transfers of PD from the EU or Switzerland, including any onward transfer liability provisions and has placed EU Standard Contractual Clause in force with all third parties who further transfer Personal Data acting on Anaqua’s behalf.
With respect to PD received or transferred pursuant to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, Anaqua may be subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Anaqua may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) at https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-commission/contact_en or at https://www.uscib.org/privacy-shield/.
Under certain conditions, more fully described in applicable Privacy Laws and/or Standard Contractual Clauses you may invoke certain other dispute resolution procedures when others have been exhausted.
Our licensees have the responsibility for collecting and storing PD in the Anaqua software that we host for them. Anaqua technical support employees may have occasional access to the Licensee-collected PD. This access in incidental to the Anaqua employees' performance of their IT-related duties for the technical maintenance and backup of the hosting environment. Backups of licensee’s data are always encrypted.
E. Client Services
Anaqua provides Client services to our licensees, typically focused on the installation and configuration of our software. We also assist with the preparation and migration of data from our licensee’s legacy systems to our software, and we sometimes develop product enhancements for our licensees. During the performance of these services, it is possible that Anaqua consultants are exposed to PD of our Licensee’s employees, agents, or law firms. In these instances, the principles and guidelines of this Privacy Policy shall apply to such exposure to PD.
F. Other Services
Anaqua provides other services to our licensees, such as IP search, analytics, docketing, management, maintenance, payment of renewal fees for patents and trademarks, and other IP related services. During the performance of these services, it is possible that Anaqua consultants are exposed to PD of our licensee’s employees, agents, or law firms. In these instances, the principles and guidelines of this Privacy Policy shall apply to such exposure to PD.
G. Enhancement of the Customer Experience
Because we appreciate the trust you have placed in us, we continually look for ways to enhance your customer experience, both on our web site and with our software products. We customarily host an annual user conference and obtain PD in connection with that event. From time-to-time, we may notify you about an Anaqua product or service using the information you have provided to us either in person, telephonically or electronically by visiting our websites, including information you provide to use our services. We strive to limit our offers to those we think you would benefit from and appreciate receiving. We want every contact you have with us to be a positive experience. If you prefer not to receive these Anaqua value-added services, offers and opportunities, just contact us at DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com.
Anaqua complies with all applicable laws and regulations regarding “Do Not Call” Lists. Generally, Anaqua is allowed to contact its customers, even if the customers are registered with federal or state Do Not Call Lists, because of our relationship with you. Anaqua will, of course, honor any request to remove your name from our telephone, mail or e-mail solicitation lists and will delete your information from existing files within a reasonable time period. Just contact us at DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com.
H. Information Disclosed to Third Parties
Anaqua does not sell PD of its customers to third parties. In limited circumstances, Anaqua may provide PD to third parties:
To assist us in developing, promoting, establishing, maintaining and/or providing Anaqua-related products and services to you, including joint marketing efforts or promotions, but PD may not be used by the third parties for any other purpose;
To assist us in establishing accounts, billing, collecting payment, enforcing the Terms and Conditions or the Acceptable Use Policy of our Anaqua services where permitted by law, and protecting or enforcing our rights or property or the services of our other customers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use by you of our services;
To comply, when required by law, with court or administrative orders, civil or criminal subpoenas, warrants from law enforcement agencies, federal or state regulatory requirements, mandatory governmental audits, 911 reporting requirements, grand jury investigations, civil or criminal governmental investigations or as otherwise required by law, rule or regulation;
To appropriate law enforcement, 911 centers or emergency services when Anaqua, in good faith, believes the disclosure is necessary to protect a person, Anaqua property or the public from an immediate threat of serious harm;
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets in which case we may disclose your Personal Data to the seller or buyer of such business or assets, or if Anaqua or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data held by it about its customers will of course be one of the transferred assets; and/or
With your consent.
I. On-Line Information
We, or our third-party partners, may collect information automatically when you enter Anaqua websites, such as domain name, browser, your computer operating system, information about the web page from which you linked to the site, and time spent on different pages within the site. We or our partners may use this information to evaluate and improve our site and may share the information with third parties on an aggregated basis to enhance our products and services offered. This on-line information is typically collected via cookies. Like virtually all other web sites that you visit, we use cookies to deliver Web content specific to your interests. The cookie permits the server to recall information from your previous visit. A cookie is not used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive. With most browsers, you can choose to change your browser settings to disable cookies. Please be aware that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on Anaqua websites and other websites you may link to from Anaqua websites.
J. Security Measures
Anaqua uses security techniques designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, including firewalls and access control procedures. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control, or information that is processed by our software and under the control of our licensees. For example, when you use Anaqua software over the Internet, the information exchange between you and the Anaqua software is encrypted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
All Anaqua employees are bound by obligations of confidentiality. Further, Anaqua’s employee guidelines state that Anaqua employees must abide by all state and federal laws and regulations in the performance of their job duties.
Our policies also limit access to PD to only those employees, contractors, agents, or representatives that require the information to perform their jobs or assist Anaqua with providing products and services to you.
Anaqua Inc. complies with and is certified under ISO 27001.
K. Links
The Anaqua website and software may facilitate links to other web sites outside of Anaqua. Anaqua is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of other non-Anaqua websites. You should keep this in mind when accessing sites through links. Further, Anaqua may advertise on other websites. The advertising companies placing our ads may use cookies or web beacons to track the effectiveness of our ads. The use of such technology is subject to the privacy policies of the advertising companies, and not this Policy.
L. Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time in connection with our ongoing efforts to improve our products and services. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy. We reserve the right to expand our capabilities for information collection and use and change this Policy in this regard. If any change constitutes a material change to this Policy, we will post a notice on our websites in a prominent position. If Anaqua decides to use PD in a manner that is materially different from what is contained herein, we will post the change on this page for 30 days before making the change.
M. Security Breaches
While our goal is to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of PD, Anaqua cannot guarantee that an unauthorized disclosure will not occur. We will make reasonable efforts to contact you if we determine that security breach has occurred, and that there is a reasonable risk of identity theft or as otherwise required by law.
N. Contact Us and Opt Out
In compliance with applicable Privacy Laws, Anaqua commits to resolve issues and complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU, UK, Swiss, California, and other individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy policy should first contact Anaqua at: 617-927-5820; or DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com; or write to us at Anaqua, Inc., ATTN: Privacy Officer, 31 St James Ave, Suite 1100, Boston, MA 02116 USA.
If you would like us to stop sending you marketing communications you may email us at DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com, please include a copy of the communication you received to help facilitate a timely and accurate response.
Anaqua is committed to refer unresolved Privacy Law complaints to either: (i) EU data protection authorities (DPAs) at  https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-commission/contact_en; or (ii) the CCPA commission at https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact us at DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com or visit: (i) for EU https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-commission/contact_en for more information or to file a complaint.
If you have questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Anaqua’s privacy practices, please contact an Anaqua customer care representative; email us at DataPrivacyOfficer@Anaqua.com; or write to us at Anaqua, Inc., ATTN: Privacy Officer, 31 St James Ave, Suite 1100, Boston, MA 02116 USA. We will respond to your inquiries in a timely manner.
O. Applicable Privacy Laws
In summary, Anaqua complies with applicable Privacy Laws regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, Switzerland, the UK, the State of California, and other applicable jurisdictions.
Anaqua® is a registered trademark of Anaqua, Inc. All other trademarks are recognized as proprietary to their owners.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. Read MoreCookie settingsACCEPTCookies Policy
Close
Cookie Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Strictly Necessary
Strictly Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies are not essential, but help provide information on metrics like the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. so that we can improve user experience.
Functional
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Advertising
advertising
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Most of these cookies do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
Save & Accept