https://livingfoods.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Health Concerns? Book a Consultation with Elaine Click here
Elaine Bruce Living Foods UK
Home
About
About Living Foods
About Elaine Bruce
What they say
Courses
Basic Living Foods Course
Certificated Practitioner Training
Library
Recipes
Health Tips
Practitioners
Contact
Home › Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Elaine Bruce Living Foods UK may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Updated: 5th December 2017
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including; address, phone number and email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To provide you with a service or information that you have requested.
We may periodically send promotional emails about our courses, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by opting out (by using the link at the bottom of the marketing email), emailing us at: livingfoods.uk@gmail.com
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
WEBSITE (STRICTLY NECESSARY)
– PHPSESSID ~ This is PHP language used to develop the website. This is an essential cookie, it expires when the browser closes
NEWSLETTERS (THIRD PARTY)
We use a sign up form on this website, you are required to follow a link to subscribe to our newsletter. We don’t have any control over these third-party cookies. Overview of Mail Chimps Privacy
YOUTUBE (THIRD PARTY)
We have embedded YouTube videos on this website. Overview, see YouTube embedding information
SOCIAL BUTTONS (THIRD PARTY)
Using the social media buttons to share or visit (such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn & YouTube) – we do not control these cookies, check the third-party websites for further details.
Elaine Bruce Living Foods UK
Founder & Director Elaine Bruce
Follow Living Foods
Would you like to receive free recipes, health and garden tips, expert articles and health related issues?
If so, join us on Social Media...
Home
About
Practitioners
Living Foods Courses
Consultations
Newsletters
Videos
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Contact
Elaine Bruce Living Foods UK. Copyright © 2020
All rights reserved.
XML Sitemap | HTML Sitemap