https://lostnfoundyoga.com/terms-conditions
Welcome! A COVID-19 screening questionnaire is required every time you enter the studio. Click here.
Terms & Conditions
REFUND POLICY
All membership/class fees must be paid in full, regardless of usage.
There is NO REFUND in whole or in part.
Classes will expire and must be used up by the date referred to in your contract agreement.
There will be NO HOLDS and NO EXTENSIONS.
Classes cannot be sold or transferred to another party
Merchandise: All sales are final. No refunds. Exchange or in-store credit only.
Monthly Autopay Membership Agreement
The Monthly Autopay Membership auto-renews with your credit card or through automatic withdrawal from your bank account with a minimum three month commitment. You can terminate anytime after that with a 30 day written notice.
PURCHASE POLICY
Methods of Payment
You may pay online with VISA, MASTERCARD or AMERICAN EXPRESS. In studio we accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Cash and cheque.
Prices are indicated in Canadian dollars.
Sales Tax (HST)
Canadian HST will be collected on all Yoga and Pilates classes (pre-registered and drop-in), packages, workshops and retail item purchases (clothing, yoga mats, yoga accessories, etc).
DISCLAIMER
THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. READ IT CAREFULLY!
You, the member, are aware that there are risks associated with participating in Fitness activities and exercise. Your participation is completely voluntary, and you freely accept and fully assume all responsibility for all risks, and all possibilities of personal injury, death property damage or loss to yourself or any other person as a result of your participation in fitness activities. You and your heirs, next of kin, administrators and assigns agree:
(a) to waive all claims, known or unknown, that you have or may have in the future against Lost ‘n Found Yoga, including their owners, officers, directors, agents, employees, volunteers, business operators, independent contractors and site property owners or lessees (the “organization”)
(b) that Lost ‘n Found Yoga is not liable or responsible for any damage to, loss, or theft of your property;
(c) to release and forever discharge Lost ‘n Found Yoga from all liability for any personal injury, death, property damage or loss resulting from your participation in fitness activities due to any cause, including, but not limited to negligence (failure to use such care as a reasonably prudent and careful person would use under similar circumstances), breach of any duty imposed by law, breach of contract or mistake in error of judgment of Lost ‘n Found Yoga; and
(d) to be liable for and to hold harmless and indemnify Lost ‘n Found Yoga from all actions, proceedings, claims, damages, costs demands, including court costs on a solicitor and own client basis, and liabilities of whatsoever nature or kind arising out of or in any way connected with your participation in fitness activities.
Please consult your physician prior to starting an exercise or fitness program, and prior to using the Facility.
PRIVACY POLICY
Lost ‘n Found Yoga will never sell trade, rent, exchange or otherwise share your personal information with any other person, company or organization.
This site complies with the following Privacy Policy. By using this site, you indicate your acceptance of Lost ‘n Found Yoga’s Online Privacy Policy.
Information about our Organization and Web Site
We are committed to respecting the personal privacy of people who visit our web site. Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of our business, so we strive to ensure complete satisfaction and confidentiality when collecting personal information about our clients. We are a yoga studio based in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada and our principal activity is teaching yoga, but we also offer Pilates classes as well as various workshops throughout the year. Our privacy policy covers Lost ‘n Found Yoga and its web site only:
Organization Name: 1977743 Ontario Inc., O/A Lost ‘n Found Yoga
Business Address: 400 Scott St. Unit E3-4 (Grantham Plaza)
City: St. Catharines
Province, Postal Code: Ontario L2N 2E7
Country: Canada
Telephone: 905-682-4469
Contacts: April Janzen
Web Site: https://www.lostnfoundyoga.com
Automatic Collection of Information
Lost ‘n Found Yoga uses cookies on our web site to collect statistical information by Google Analytics. Cookies are neither spyware nor viruses, despite the detection of cookies from certain sites by many anti-spyware products. Google Analytics (also known as Urchin) is a service from Google that helps website owners analyze how users access and utilize their sites. Information about your use of a certain website (including your IP address) can automatically be transmitted to and stored by Google using cookies. Please see the Google Privacy Center for further information.
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Lost ‘n Found Yoga is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, forms on this web site or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, and to communicate with you on an ongoing basis via email, phone, and/or direct mail. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request and facilitate ongoing communication.
Unless you ask us not to, via email, telephone or direct link request, we may contact you via email, phone, and/or direct mail in the future to tell you about new products or services, topics related to business and/or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of future contact from us at any time. You can have your name removed from our mailing list at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our web site or by clicking opt-out on any one of our email newsletters. To change or modify the account information we have on file for you, please speak to us directly or log into your account and manually make any adjustments that are required.
Third Party Links
This web site may contain hyperlinks to third party web sites. It may also contain advertisements of third parties. Lost ‘n Found Yoga is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party web sites or advertisers. We do not share any of the personal information you provide to us although we may share general, aggregate data with such third parties (such as how many people use our site). Please check with those web sites to determine their individual privacy policy.
© Copyright 2020 Lost 'n Found Yoga. All Rights Reserved. Niagara Website Design by Future Access Inc.
Terms & Conditions
MENU
Home
About
About Lost ‘n Found Yoga
Meet Our Team
Photo Gallery
Blog
LFY Mobile App
Child Minding Services
Energy Exchange Program
Fascial Stretch Therapy
Class Schedule
Class Schedule
Class Descriptions
Intro to Reformer Pilates
Yoga for Beginners
Beginner Pilates
Prenatal Yoga
Baby & Mom Yoga
Kids Yoga
Yoga for Tweens & Teens
Holiday Promotions!
Fees
Holiday Promotions!
Memberships & Packages
How to Register
Introductory Offer
Gift Cards
Reformer Pilates
Online Classes
Online Classes
All Online Classes
Online Classes by Class Type
Online Classes by Instructor
ALIGN – Yoga for Mental Health
Trainings
Yoga Teacher Training (2020-21)
40-Hour Restorative & Yoga Nidra Teacher Training
Workshops
Contact
Join Our Community
New to Yoga?
Client Login