https://lovesagame.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Menu Start HereArticlesBreak Up and DivorceSuccess-StoriesRelationship AdviceSelf Help and Personal GrowthDating TipsPopularFREE CourseAboutPraiseCoursesContact Web Site Terms and Conditions of UseTermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.All Rights ReservedLovesAGame.com owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website. The Website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of LovesAGame.com, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.Copyright PolicyYou may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.DisclaimerBy submitting a question or comment to Eddie Corbano and/or LovesAGame you relinquish any rights of ownership of your question and agree that we can rephrase, reword, modify, correct or repurpose your material without limitation or constraint. Submitting any information to Eddie Corbano and/or LovesAGame by email and on-site form submission confirms your agreement to these terms. In addition, all material submitted to this site becomes the property of LovesAGame.com. By providing this information, you agree to grant a full and irrevocable non-exclusive license to LovesAGame.com.The materials on LovesAGame's web site are provided “as is”. LovesAGame makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, LovesAGame does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.Any advice provided on LovesAGame.com or by Eddie Corbano either by e-mail, website or in the newsletter is meant for entertainment purposes only. We are not and do in any way not claim to be psychologists, doctors or counselors, or any other type of licensed medical practitioners. If you require professional help, please consult a licensed professional.You acknowledge that use of Website is at your own risk. LovesAGame.com does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Website or any user of the Website or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk. LovesAGame.com cannot guarantee that anyone will communicate with or respond to you from use of the Website and LovesAGame.com does not promise any specific results from use of the Website.LimitationsIn no event shall LovesAGame or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on LovesAGame's Internet site, even if LovesAGame or a LovesAGame authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on LovesAGame's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. LovesAGame does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. LovesAGame may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. LovesAGame does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.LinksLovesAGame has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by LovesAGame of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.Site Terms of Use ModificationsLovesAGame may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.PrivacyUse of the Website is governed by our Privacy Policy .
>
By continuing to browse our site you agree to the use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Service: More InfoI agree