https://lovegevity.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout LovegevityLoveU Student Sign-inBecome A CTE PartnerContinuing EducationLWPILovegevity PledgeBlog
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: May 25, 2018Last update: May 25, 2018By using this website, you agree to the following Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Please read them carefully before using this website.Should we update, amend or make any changes to this license, terms and conditions of use or privacy policy, those changes will be posted here. GENERAL PROVISIONSThis website is owned and operated by lovegevity.com,Inc. Our principal place of business is located at 915 Highland Pointe Drive, 2nd Floor Roseville, CA 95678.  Lovegevity is fully committed to providing an informative, useful, and entertaining website for its visitors. Lovegevity, it’s Institute, and Academy enjoy interacting with our audience and helping to provide information. Visitors to any Lovegevity webpage have an opportunity to contact us via E-mail. You must be at least sixteen years of age to use our website. Use of this website is at your own risk. We host our site on a reputable platform and take reasonable efforts to maintain and host the site. However, we make no explicit representations or warranties as to the safety or your individual use of the website. The Terms and Conditions contained on this page is subject to change at any time. The policy of Lovegevity’s officially controlled and operated WWW sites is to respect and protect the privacy of its visitors, students, faculty, staff, and all other users. Lovegevity does not sell or distribute any information obtained from our visitors to a third party, under any circumstance.This policy defines how Lovegevity collects information from you and how it is used. For each visitor to Lovegevity website, the following information is collected:Internet addressing information of visitors to our Web pages (IP Addresses) – The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail – The aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit – User-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit – Information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information – Personal information we request for information inquiries/requests, etc.There are cases where Lovegevity websites may request/or provide personal information such as userID, password, name, or address. To provide for your privacy in these instances, Lovegevity provides a secure server which transmits and receives scrambled data, which is decoded on the server side. This technology protects your information from being viewed by an outside user. COMMUNICATIONSAny communications made through our ‘contact,’ blog, blog comments, newsletter sign up or other related pages, or directly to our phones or mailing or email addresses is held privileged or confidential and is not subject to viewing and distribution by third parties. The collected information is used for internal purposes and may be used to improve the content of Lovegevity overall website. It will not be shared with other organizations to help them contact visitors. However, Lovegevity reserves the right to use the information to contact visitors for marketing purposes.We own any and all communications displayed on our website, servers, comments, emails or other media as allowed by United States law, and will not give credit or pay royalties for unsolicited user-generated content such as blog comments or emails. For more information on when and how we store and use your communications or any data provided by you in those communications, please refer to our Privacy Policy on this page. We maintain a right to republish any submission in whole or in part as reasonably necessary in the course of our business. You agree not to submit any content or communications that could be illegal or serve an unlawful purpose, including, but not limited to communications that are potentially libelous or maliciously false, obscene, abusive, negligent or otherwise harmful or inappropriate. A small number of Lovegevity pages contain links which may take you outside of our website. Users should be aware that when you are on, for example, the Lovegevity educational website, and you “click” on a reference link, you will be directed to another website which is beyond Lovegevity’s control. These other sites may send and receive cookies, collect data, or solicit personal information and may use this information in ways Lovegevity does not in accordance with its privacy policy statement. Always be aware of whose site you are visiting. As an Internet user, keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online (i.e. via message boards or chat) information can be collected and used by people you don’t even know.While Lovegevity strives to protect its users’ personal information and privacy, it cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Lovegevity’s policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. REFUNDS & PAYMENT COLLECTIONWe take your investment seriously, and we’d appreciate if you took our investment of time and resources into your success seriously too. Please abide by all refund and return policies. Any special requests must be made in writing to billing@lovegevity.comLovegevity reserves the right at its discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Feel free to check this page periodically for amendments/updates.To correct your information or address any concerns over your personal data, please contact support@lovegevity.com or call 888-221-9988. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (IP) OWNERSHIPAll images, text, designs, graphics, trademarks and service marks are owned by and property of lovegevity.com, Inc, or the properly attributed party. It is a violation of federal law to use any of our intellectual property in whole or in part, and modification of any materials contained on this site is illegal and may be prosecuted to the fullest extent permissible should we choose to do so, including asking for financial penalties (damages) and/or an injunction forcing you to stop using our intellectual property immediately. You may use our intellectual property with clear and obvious credit back to our site, as well links back to the page where the materials, designs, images, text, quote or post is located when it is appropriate to do so. However, you may never claim any of our intellectual property as your own or your unique creation, even with attribution. TEMPLATE OR PRODUCT LICENSEBy purchasing your program and templates or any product from our sites or student libraries, you are granted one revocable, worldwide, non-exclusive license to the product(s) You have purchased. If you violate this license by giving or selling a copy of Our template(s)/product(s) to anyone other, or if you imply that anyone who gets access to our template/product(s) has the right to use it for his/her/its commercial purposes, We reserve the right to invoice you for the licenses you have gifted to others and revoke your access to our template(s)/product(s) permanently.Basically, if you use a template from our library, you are not allowed to share it with your industry friends. If they need a template, We recommend you get an affiliate link by emailing support@lovegevity.com  and give them the opportunity to purchase a program with templates through your link. PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATIONFor the most part, we do not process your information in-house, but give it to third party processors for processing. For example, when PayPal takes your payment information, they are a third party processor. They process your payment and remit the funds to us. So in many instances, it will be necessary for us to transmit your information to a third party processor, as we do not have the capability to perform these functions. More detail on third party processing is detailed below. However, we may, from time to time, process your data internally. The legal basis for this processing is both your consent to the processing, and our need to conduct our legitimate business interests. Our purposes in processing this information, if we do, is to administer, maintain, and improve our website and offerings, to enter into contracts with you, to fulfill the terms of those contracts, to keep records of our transactions and interactions, to be able to provide you with goods and services, to comply with our legal obligations, to obtain professional advice, and to protect the rights and interests of our company, our customers (including you), and any third parties. We may process the following data:
1. Data associated with your account, such as your name, address, email address and payment information
2. Data about your usage of our website, such as your IP address, geographical information, and how long you accessed our website and what you viewed.
3. Data related to your personal profile, such as your name, address, profile picture, interests and hobbies, or employment details.
4. Data that you provide us in the course of using our services.
5. Data that you post on our website, such as comments or responses to blogs.
6. Data that you submit to us when you make an inquiry regarding our website or offerings.
7. Data related to your transactions with us, including your purchase of our goods or services. This information may include contact details and payment information.
8. Data that you provide to us when you subscribe to our emails or newsletters, including your email address and contact information.
9. Data that you submit to us via correspondence, such as when you email us with questions.
10. Any other data identified in this policy, for the purpose of complying with our legal obligations, or to protect the vital interests of you or any other natural person. INTERNATIONAL DATA Our website is hosted by servers located in the U.S. Therefore, if you reside in the European Union, some of your data will be transferred internationally to those servers. Transfers will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the EU-US Privacy Shield. More information on the Privacy Shield can be found at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. We use website hosting servers/third party processors/subcontractors located in United States has received an Adequacy Determination from the European Commission, meaning that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect data once it is transferred to that country.  DATA RETENTION We retain personal data as long as it is needed to to conduct our legitimate business purposes or to comply with our legal obligations, or until you ask us to delete your data. For example, we will retain certain personal information indefinitely for the purposes of maintaining your account, unless and until you delete your account. Data that we gather for a specific and particular purpose, such as assisting law enforcement or analyzing trends, will not be kept for longer than is necessary for that particular purpose. Data that is no longer needed by us for any of the purposes listed above will be permanently deleted. You may request that we delete your data at any time. However, note that we cannot control the retention policies of third parties. If you wish to have any third parties, including those to whom we’ve transmitted your data, delete that data, you will need to contact those third parties directly. You may request from us a list of all third parties to whom we have transmitted your data. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data and keep your information secure. We use recognized online secure payment systems and implement generally accepted standards of security to protect against personal data loss or misuse. However, no security measure is foolproof, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against interception or misuse. We cannot guarantee complete security of any information you transmit to us. By consent to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that your personal data may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of your data by other parties. We will notify you of promptly any known breach of our security systems or your data which might expose you to serious risk. CHILDREN This website or mobile app is not designed for use by children under age 16, and we do not knowingly solicit personal data from anyone under age 16. If you are under age 16, do not access or use our website or related products or services. If you become aware that we have collected data of anyone under the age of 16, please contact us so that we may delete that data. YOUR RIGHTS You have certain rights with respect to your personal data, as outlined below. Note that we may charge you a reasonable fee for actions that you ask us to take with respect to your data. In addition, we reserve the right to request that you provide us with evidence of your identity before we take any action with respect to the exercise of your data rights. Further, your rights may be restricted or nullified to the extent they conflict with our compelling business interests, the public interest, or the law. Update Account Information: You have the right to update or change any information you have provided to us. To update or delete your information, please contact us at support@lovegevity.comConfirm Personal Data and Its Use: You have the right to request that we confirm what data we hold about you, and for what purposes. You also have the right to confirmation of whether we process your data or deliver your data to third party processors, and for what purposes. We will supply you with copies of your personal data unless doing so would affect the rights and freedoms of others. Change Consent: You have the right to change your consent to our use of your information. In such cases, we may require you to delete your account with us, as described above, and you may not have full access to our website. Request a Copy of Data: You have the right to request a digital copy of the data that we hold about you. Your first request for a copy of your personal data will be provided free of charge; subsequent requests will incur a reasonable fee.Transfer Your Data: You have the right to request that we gather and transfer your data to another controller, in a commonly used and machine readable format, unless doing so would cause us an undue burden. Delete All Data: You have the right to request that we delete all data that we hold about you, and we must delete such data without undue delay. There are exceptions to this right, such as when keeping your data is required by law, is necessary to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information, is required for compliance with a legal obligation, or is necessary for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Such a request may result in a termination of your account with us and you may have limited or no use of our website. Emails And Communications: You may opt out of receiving future email correspondence from us by checking the appropriate box when you register for the account or make a purchase. You may change your communication settings by contacting us at support@lovegevity.com.Marketing Communications: You may opt out of receiving any third party marketing communications or having your personal information used for marketing purposes. You may do this by contacting us at support@lovegevity.comProcessing: You may, in some circumstances restrict the processing of your data, such as when you contest the accuracy of your data or when you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. When processing has been restricted, we will continue to store your data but will not pass it on to third party processors without your consent, or as necessary to comply with legal obligations or protect your rights or those of others or our company. In addition, you may opt out of any processing of your data altogether. Note however that doing so may result in the termination of your account and loss of access to our website. Complaints: You have the right to complain to a supervising authority if you believe we are misusing your data or have violated any of your rights under this Privacy Policy or applicable law.  CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSThe State of California has established its own unique regulations that apply to California residents. If you reside in California, you have the right to obtain from us, once per year and free of charge, information regarding what information (if any) we disclose to third party marketers, and the names and addresses of each third party to whom we disclose your data. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please use the contact information listed below. If you are a California resident and under the age of 18, you have the right to request that we remove any data that you publicly post on our website. To request removal of your data, please use the contact information listed below. Note that while we will remove your data that is publicly posted on our website, we may not be able to completely remove that data from our systems.  NEWSLETTER PRIVACYWe offer the opportunity for you to volunteer certain information to us that is used for email and marketing purposes. This information includes, but is not limited to, your name and email. You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe from any future communications via email, but we reserve the right to maintain a database of past email subscribers. We reserve the right to use this information as reasonably necessary in our business and as provided by law. Your information will be shared with reasonably necessary parties for the ordinary course of conducting our business, such as through Facebook ads or Google Pay Per Click marketing campaigns. We do not ever sell your information to third parties. Severability If any part of these Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy is deemed unlawful and/or unenforceable, all other provisions contained herein will remain in full force and effect.  GUARANTEES, LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERSWARRANTIESOur website and related materials are provided for educational and informational use only. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless our website and company for any direct or indirect loss or conduct incurred as a result of your use of our website and any related communications, including as a result of any consequences incurred from technological failures such as a payment processor error(s) or system failure(s). While we may reference certain results, outcomes or situations on this website, you understand and acknowledge that we make no guarantee as to the accuracy of third party statements contained herein or the likelihood of success for you as a result of these statements or any other statements anywhere on this website. If you have medical, legal or financial questions, you should consult a medical professional, lawyer or CPA and/or CFP respectively. We expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for any actions or omissions you choose to make as a result of using this website, related materials, products, courses or the materials contained herein. This website is updated on a regular basis and while we try to make accurate statements in a timely and effective manner, we cannot guarantee that all materials and related media contained herein are entirely accurate, complete or up to date. You expressly acknowledge and understand that any information or knowledge you gain as a result of using this website is used at your own risk. If you should see any errors or omissions and would like to let us know, please email us at support@lovegevity.com.  EARNINGS DISCLAIMERWe (lovegevity.com,Inc.) make(s) no income/financial claims, nor guarantee of any kind regarding the potential income that can be generated through our communications or your participation in the purchase of any of our products or participation in our affiliate program. Past results are not an indication or promise of your results. There is no guarantee you will earn any money using any of our materials, and your revenue is dependent solely on you and your actions or non-actions. AFFILIATE DISCLAIMERThis site may use affiliate links to sell certain products or services. We disclaim any and all liability as a result of your purchase through one of these links. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you when and where we have placed affiliate links in addition to this disclaimer located in these Terms & Conditions. You accept express liability for any and all consequences or benefits of clicking the affiliate links contained on this website or related communications.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTo the extent legally permitted, in no event shall lovegevity.com,Inc., The Wedding Planning Institute or WEDTECH Academy, courses, or any of our other properties or our affiliates, distributors, licensors, agents, or any of our or their directors, employees, or agents be liable as a result of your use of our websites or use of this website for direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, losses or expenses, including without limitation loss resulting from business disruption, loss of data, lost profits, lost goodwill, or damage to systems or data howsoever arising including without limitation through an action in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even if we or our affiliates, distributors, licensors, or agents, or any of our or their directors, employees, or agents have been advised of the possibility of such damages. CONSUMER GUARANTEESIf you are using our products for business purposes, you agree that the guarantees provided or any comparable consumer protection legislation shall not apply to separately purchased services AVAILABILITYYour use of our website and any associated services may sometimes be subject to interruption or delay. Due to the nature of the Internet and electronic communications, we and our service providers do not make any warranty that our websites or any associated services will be error free, without interruption or delay, or free from defects in design. We will not be liable to you should our websites or the services supplied through our websites become unavailable, interrupted or delayed for any reason. MALICIOUS CODEAlthough we endeavor to prevent the introduction of viruses or other malicious code (together, “malicious code”) to our websites, we do not guarantee or warrant that our websites, or any data available therein, do not contain malicious code. We will not be liable for any damages or harm attributable to malicious code. You are responsible for ensuring that the process you employ for accessing our websites does not expose your computer system to the risk of interference or damage from malicious code. INDEMNIFICATIONYour use of our websites and content is voluntary. You shall indemnify us and our affiliates, distributors, licensors, and agents and all of our and their directors, employees, and agents against, holding all harmless from any and all lawsuits, claims, expenses (including reasonable legal fees), settlements, damages, judgments and the like arising from your use of our websites and content or your failure to maintain the confidentiality or security of your password or access rights. AMENDMENTSWe reserve the right to amend this Usage Agreement and Disclaimer as needed from time to time. You are bound by any changes made to this Agreement and your acceptance of any income through or due to the Affiliate Program will be regarded as acceptance by you of any changes to this Agreement. We will endeavor to inform you of any changes made to this Agreement via email. FEEDBACKIf you provides us any feedback about our websites or any products, you grant us the right to use that feedback for the purpose of improving our websites, programs, or Affiliate Program (and for any other purpose we deem necessary or desirable) without being obliged to pay you any compensation in respect of our use of that feedback. If you do send us unsolicited ideas, such ideas will be deemed non-confidential, and we will not be required to provide any acknowledgement of their source. TERMINATIONIf at any time we feel you have violated these Terms and Conditions, then we shall immediately terminate your use of our website and any related communications as we deem appropriate. It is within our sole discretion to allow any user’s access of our website, and we may revoke this access at any time without notice, and if necessary, block your IP address from further visits to our site(s).  ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDAll rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by us.If you do not see a usage scenario here that applies to your intended usage, or for any questions about our branding guidelines, contact us at support@lovegevity.com. ENTIRE AGREEMENTThe information contained herein constitutes the entire agreement between site users and our company relating to the use of this website. Law and Jurisdiction These Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy are governed by and construed in accordance with United States law. Any dispute arising out of or related to the information contained herein is subject to adjudication in the state of California, United States