https://lovesagame.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu Start HereArticlesBreak Up and DivorceSuccess-StoriesRelationship AdviceSelf Help and Personal GrowthDating TipsPopularFREE CourseAboutPraiseCoursesContact (Updated: 9th July 2018)A Message To Our ReadersThe GDPR is Europe’s new privacy regulation. It gives you control over the data that organizations have about you and how they market to you.Our team takes this very seriously. This page outlines our approaches, and we welcome your feedback at support@lovesagame.com.We already apply strict policies and practices to protect all of our customers’ and visitors’ personal data.Thus, we will not rent or sell or share your email with any third party, and we never have.However, we use third-party analytics software from Google, Facebook, and Clicky. In some cases, we may place a cookie on your side to enable us to better understand who is visiting our sites and how they use them.We use cookies to enable you to have a better experience with our courses and articles.We do NOT serve ads to our site visitors using any third-party tools. When we run ads on Facebook, we may use audience data to serve you and people like you ads based on your visits to our sites. Facebook’s Data Policy provides much more information on how your Facebook data is used on their platform.At any time, you can opt out of hearing from us. You can always opt out of the collection and use of your information online. Check out these two resources to help you: YourAdChoices or Your Online Choices.However, since what we’re in the business of teaching, it’s difficult to engage with us without hearing from us. Of course, Eddie’s blog, and other content are free, and you’re welcome to interact with it without subscribing. You can, and always have been able to, use third-party tools, RSS or even incognito browsers to interact with our free materials.What is GDPR?GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation, a new privacy law that regulates the processing of personal data relating to individuals in the European Union.GDPR strengthens the rights that individuals have regarding their personal data and seeks to unify data protection laws across Europe.What does GDPR mean for you?We’re treating everyone as if they lived in the EU. This means that if you’re reading this, you can:Ask for a copy of the personal data we’ve collected about you.Unless you’re a DETOX Course student, the answer is: Your email address. For students of the course, we only keep data about your actual interactions and engagement in the course.Request that we stop sending you any emails. This is as easy as it has ever been. Unsubscribe/stop following, and we’ll stop. Our goal is simply to keep our promise, not to profit from your data.We use Convertkit (and Getresponse) to carry our email messages, and we’ll work with them in removing your email address (and there’s an unsubscribe button in every email).All credit card processing is done with Stripe or Paypal and we never see your data.We work with many of our students in our private forum, and an amount of identifiable data is created and collected as part of the learning process (no real names are used though). At any time, you can choose to no longer participate in the forum, but your participation prior to that point becomes a permanent part of the forum-work that’s created by the students (everything is strictly anonymous!).We’ll continue to educate, inform and work with our readers and students the best we can, and will update this page from time to time.Thanks for engaging with us.Eddie and the LovesAGame-TeamA More In-Depth Background About Privacy (For Lawyers):LovesAGame understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law.This Policy applies to Our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site AND You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account/Email list. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.1. Definitions and InterpretationIn this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:“Account”means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site (purchase of one of our courses)“Cookie”means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below“Our Site”means this website, https://lovesagame.com“The United States and EU Cookie Law”means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015; and“We/Us/Our”means LovesAGame, whose registered address is 113 Cherry St, 98104-2205 92768 Seattle WA USA2. Information About UsOur Site, https://lovesagame.com, is owned and operated by LovesAGame, whose registered address is 113 Cherry St, 98104-2205, 92768 Seattle WA USA.3. Scope – What Does This Policy Cover?This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Site (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.What Data Do We Collect?Some data will be collected automatically by Our Site (for further details, please see section 12 on Our use of Cookies), other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it and consent to Us using it for the purposes set out in section 5, for example, when signing up for an Account. Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following data:your full name (if you purchase one of our courses)your email address (if you subscribe to our newsletter and/or purchase out courses)IP address (automatically collected)web browser type and version (automatically collected)operating system (automatically collected)a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected)How Do We Use Your Data?All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR). For more details on security see section 6, below.We use your data to provide the best possible products and services to you. This includes:Providing and managing your AccountProviding and managing your access to Our SitePersonalising and tailoring your experience on Our SitePersonalising and tailoring Our articles, courses and services for youResponding to communications from youSupplying you with email newsletters that you have subscribed to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking a link at the bottom of each emailAnalysing your use of Our Site to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experienceIn some cases, the collection of data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and We will be limited in the products and services We can provide you without your consent for Us to be able to use such data.With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email with information, news and offers on Our courses and services. We will NOT, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following basis applies:you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract;processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person;processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; and/orprocessing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.6. How and Where Do We Store Your Data?We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 5, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. In any event, We will conduct an annual review to ascertain whether we need to keep your data. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy.Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store or transfer data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the GDPR. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between Us and any third parties We engage and the use of the EU-approved Model Contractual Arrangements. [If We intend at any time to transfer any of your data outside the EEA, We will always obtain your consent beforehand and we have put in place safeguards to protect your data.Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:Encrypting communication between users and our servers by enforcing SSLEncrypt sensitive data such as communication between users at restApply proactive security best practicesControlling the access Our staff and contractors have to the data to ensure that only authorised personnel are able to access the dataNotwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet.7. Do We Share Your Data?We may contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law. We currently contract with: Google Analytics, Clicky Analytics, Stripe, Paypal, ConvertKit. Only anonymous personal data is shared with Google Analytics. After a purchase with Paypal you will be redirected to Paypal where you provide your name and contact details together with all relevant financial and personal information required to process payment. The data is stored securely on their servers.In certain circumstances We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us.8. What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.9. How Can You Control Your Data?When you submit information via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details AND/OR by managing your Account).You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the United States: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.10. Your Right to Withhold Information and Your Right to Withdraw Information After You Have Given itYou may access Our Site without providing any data at all (with the exception of the closed of members area).You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information, see section 12.You may withdraw your consent for Us to use your personal data as set out in section in 5 at any time by contacting Us using the details set out in section 15, and We will delete Your data from Our systems.  However, you acknowledge this may limit Our ability to provide the best possible products and services to you.11. How Can You Access Your Data?You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at support@lovesagame.com, or using the contact details below in section 15.12. What Cookies Do We Use and What For?Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. We use third party Cookies on Our Site for analytics and advertising services. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site.All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current English and EU Cookie Law.Before any Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a popup message requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. The United States and EU Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 12.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 12.10, but please be aware that Our Site may not work as intended if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:Name of CookiePurposeStrictly Necessarylovesagame_1contains the “source” of one of our offsite linksNolovesagame_1_initcontains the “source” of one of our offsite linksNoand the following third party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:Name of CookieProviderPurposeIDEGoogle DoubleClickUse for serving targeted advertisements that are relevant to you across the web.7. Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics and Clicky Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products and services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.8. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information.9. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following Cookies:Name of CookieFirst / Third PartyProviderPurpose_gaThirdGoogle AnalyticsUsed to distinguish users_gidThirdGoogle AnalyticsUsed to distinguish users_gatThirdGoogle AnalyticsUsed to throttle request rate_first_pageviewThirdGoogle Tag ManagerTo identify userscluidThirdClicky AnalyticsUsed to distinguish users10. You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.11. You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.12. It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.13. Summary of Your Rights under GDPRUnder the GDPR, you have:the right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by Us;the right to complain to a supervisory authority;be informed of what data processing is taking place;the right to restrict processing;the right to data portability;object to processing of your personal data;rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling (see section 14 below).To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the details set out in section 15 below.14. Automated Decision-Making and ProfilingIn the event that We use personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on You, You have the right to challenge to such decisions under GDPR, requesting human intervention, expressing their own point of view, and obtaining an explanation of the decision from Us.The right described in section 14.1 does not apply in the following circumstances:The decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between the You and Us;The decision is authorised by law; orYou have given you explicit consent.Where We use your personal data for profiling purposes, the following shall apply:Clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences;Appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used;Technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented; andAll personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.We do not carry out any automated decision-making and profiling.15. Contacting UsIf you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at support@lovesagame.com. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 11, above).16. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
>
By continuing to browse our site you agree to the use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Service: More InfoI agree