https://lowrylaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Ryan Lovett
2020-10-23T14:25:30-04:00
Privacy Policy
Lowry & Associates is committed to doing business with the highest ethical standards possible. This includes respecting your privacy and handling your personal information with care.
Your Privacy is a Priority
Protecting your personal information is a priority for Lowry & Associates. When you visit our website, we may collect or track information such as your IP address, geographic information, and the kind of device and browser you used to access our site. Furthermore, we may collect user-specific data including but not limited to the amount of time you spent on our site and the pages you clicked. This information is gathered by sending “cookies” to your device. Cookies are small files that enable us to see how users engage with our site. We only use this information to optimize our website and marketing to provide the most relevant user experience. Lowry & Associates may share this information with trusted third parties associated with our internal analyzation or marketing efforts.
If you would like to opt-out of cookies, you may adjust your browser settings in order to limit, block, or delete existing cookies. However, preventing cookies from being sent to your device can restrict access to certain features of our site and create a less personalized browsing experience.
Sending Personal Information Through Our Site
Lowry & Associates may also collect information by asking you to submit your name, address, or email address through our contact form. We may use the information you send to us to contact you about our legal services. When you disclose personal information to us, we make every effort to keep it confidential. We do not sell, trade, hand out, or transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Do Not Treat Our Site as Legal Advice
As our disclaimer states, our content is not intended to be legal advice. While our site provides general information related to legal issues commonly encountered with personal injury, you should not base decisions around any information you gain from our site. Always seek counsel from a licensed attorney to receive advice on your specific situation.
Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to our policy. If you visit our site, you agree to the limited collection and use of your information as outlined in this policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact us. We want everyone visiting our site to know that we make every effort to protect the information you entrust to us.
If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Let’s Get In Touch
Get Your Free Case Review
Get In Touch
Portland
(207)775-3819
Bangor
(207)942-3301
FAX
(207)775-1848
Visit
Riverside 380 – Suite 203
33 McAlister Farm Road Portland, ME 04103
Office Hours:
8:30AM-5:15PM
15 Columbia Street, #302
Bangor, ME 04401
Office Hours:
8:30AM-5:15PM
Social
Maine Personal Injury Lawyers Disclaimer: The content of this website is presented by Lowry & Associates. It is not intended to be legal advice, but general information related to legal issues commonly encountered with personal injury. If you or a loved one has suffered an unjust personal injury, contact us for a free case evaluation. Serving the Bangor, Biddeford, Lewiston, and Portland, Maine area.
Privacy Policy | Accessibility Statement