https://lscarolinas.net/privacy-policy-2/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
Statement Regarding Contributions
Lutheran Services Carolinas (LSC) accepts gifts to support its mission through Blackbaud. Together, LSC and Blackbaud are dedicated to protecting the personal information and privacy of LSC donors. To learn more, read Blackbaud’s Privacy and Security Policy at https://www.blackbaud.com/privacy-policy.aspx.
Statement Regarding Privacy Policy
LSC respects the privacy of visitors to its website. When someone visits the website, a variety of non-personally identifying information such as the computer’s IP address, type of browser used, pages viewed, etc. is collected. That data is used to plan, support, and improve web services.
Those who choose to share additional information with LSC such as names, addresses, and phone numbers can be assured that LSC will not sell, rent, or lease this information to third parties.
LSC does not wish to receive highly confidential, proprietary, or personal health information through its website. Forms on the website can be downloaded and printed and returned to LSC as directed on the form. Please contact offices, programs, or services directly for more information regarding the transmission of such information.
The LSC site includes links to other sites and the privacy practices of those sites may differ from those of LSC.
If you have questions or concerns about LSC privacy practices, please contact: Director of Corporate Compliance, Lutheran Services Carolinas, P.O. Box 947, Salisbury, NC 28145 or call (704) 637-2870.
1416 S. Martin Luther King, Jr. Ave., Salisbury, NC 28145
PO Box 947 | 704-637-2870 |
1-800-HELPING
GET INVOLVEDOne-Time Gift
Vision, Mission & Values
Advocate
Volunteer
Resources
COMPLIANCENon-Discrimination Statement
The Nonprofit Difference
990s
LSC Community Stewardship Report
Privacy Policy
Corporate Compliance Policy
© 2020 Welcome to Lutheran Services.
Who We Are
The Organization
History
Vision, Mission & Values
The LSC Way
Where We Serve
Leadership Team/ Board of Trustees
Memberships & Accreditation
Collaborations & Partnerships
Additional Information
News
LSC Publications
Additional Resources
What We Do
Services for Seniors
Senior Living Communities
Adult Day Services
Home Care
What is PACE?
Culture Change
Affordable Housing
Child & Family Services
Foster Care & Treatment Parenting
Adoption
Private Adoption
Transitional Living for Young Adults
Mental Health Services
Supported Living Residences – NC
Supported Living Residences – SC
Respite Care
Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Services
Refugee & Immigrant Services
Refugee and Immigrant Services
Circle of Welcome
Foster Care for Unaccompanied Children
Unaccompanied Children – Family Reunification
Survivors Assistance Program
Disaster Response
Disaster Case Management
Lutheran Disaster Coalition of the Carolinas
NC & SC Synods
Resources
How You Can Help
Donate
Faith Partners
Volunteer
Advocate
Be the Light
Employment
About LSC Employment
Child & Family Jobs
Senior Service Jobs