https://lssny.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY:
The Lutheran Social Services of New York family of organizations (“LSSNY”) include Lutheran Social Services of New York, Lutheran Social Services of Metropolitan New York, The New LIFE School, Lutheran Family & Community Services, Muhlenberg Residence, HDFC, Bergen Street, and HDFC. At LSSNY, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personal information you may share with us. No personally identifiable information is collected from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.
Information provided voluntarily and knowingly: Generally, no user is required to provide any personal information to consult our websites. A user may elect to contact us and provide personal information (such as an individual’s name, address, telephone number, credit card information, or e-mail address) in association with making a donation, or by completing the form provided on the “Contact Us” page of the site. The “Contact Us” form is used, among other things, to volunteer, join our mailing list, or request information. If you provide that information, LSSNY might use the personal information to send you mailings, or to solicit funds.
LSSNY does not sell or rent personal information to third parties. Occasionally, LSSNY does share personal information voluntarily and knowingly provided by a user with similar non-profit organizations.
Non personally identifiable information: Additionally, when a user visits the LSSNY websites some information is automatically collected, such as the user’s computer operating system and browser type, version, and capabilities. This information is tracked through the use of “cookies” which are small computer files that store information about computers that access the LSSNY websites. No personally identifiable information is linked to this information.
We use this information to compile statistical data on the use of our websites, but the information obtained is used on an anonymous, aggregated basis and you cannot be identified from it. After using it for that purpose we discard it.
Notification of Changes: Please note that our Privacy Policy is subject to change and updates will be posted on this page.
Your rights: You may at all times request a copy of your personal information and have it corrected or removed from our files. Inquiries and requests should be sent to us through Brian Gavin at bgavin@lssny.org.