https://lsssd.org/how-to-help/lasting-gifts/planned-giving.html
Skip to main content
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Who We Are
Employment
Who We Serve
Contact Us
Mission, Vision, Values
Leadership
WeAre[100years]Strong
Client Outcomes
Financial Reports
History
Privacy Practices
What We Do
Services by Region A-Z
Adoption Services
About Adoption
Choosing Adoption
Post-Legal Services
Contact Us
Behavioral Health Services
Telehealth Services
Employee Assistance Program
Provider Directory
Locations
Schedule an Appointment
Secure Bill Pay
Better Together
Become a Volunteer
Become a Neighbor
Center for Financial Resources
Consumer Credit Counseling Service
Financial Fitness Education
Housing Resources
Sharpen Your Financial Focus™
Student Loans
Schedule An Appointment
Locations
Online Counseling & Education
Attend A Class
News
Center for New Americans
Become a Sponsor
Become a Volunteer
Employment Services
Education Services
Post Job Opportunities
Immigration Services
Volunteer Application
COVID Resources
Childcare & Education
After-School Program
Summer Program
Here4Youth After-School & Summer Program
Preschool Program
Infant & Toddler Enrichment
Locations
Rates
Application Process
Information & Forms
Detention Alternatives
Disaster Response
Foster Care
Treatment Foster Care
Specialized Foster Care
Become a Foster Parent
Foster Care FAQs
Inquire About Being a Foster Parent
Referral for Foster Care
Independent Living Services
Community Resource Program
New Alternatives
Young Voices
REACH
Interpreter Services
Schedule an Interpreter
Kinship Services
Mentoring
Become a Mentor
Mentor Volunteer Application
Enroll A Child
Mentor Resources
Pregnancy Services
Getting Started
Making an Adoption Plan
Adoptive Parent Profiles
Resources & Support
Birth Parent FAQs
Adoption Myths
Contact Us
Re-Entry Services
Residential Services for Children & Youth
Referral for Residential Services
Canyon Hills, Spearfish
New Beginnings, Aberdeen
Summit Oaks, Sioux Falls
How to Help
Give Now
Lasting Gifts
Foundation
Planned Giving
Founders Family
Corporate Sponsorships
Congregational Giving
In-Kind Giving
Volunteer Opportunities
News & Events
News Feed
Events
Hope Grows Dinner Events
Founders Family & Volunteer Appreciation
Golf Tournament
Mentor Breakfast
Taste of Cultures
Calendar
Stay Connected
Resources
Donate Today
Who We Are
What We Do
Employment
How To Help
News & Events
Give Now
Lasting Gifts
Foundation
Planned Giving
Founders Family
Corporate Sponsorships
Congregational Giving
In-Kind Giving
Volunteer Opportunities
Planned GivingDo you want to make a difference and help continue the mission of LSS even after you're gone? Then you may want to consider including LSS in your estate plans.
Planned Giving is a process and set of tools to enable you to give to organizations and causes beyond your lifetime. It is known as deferred giving and estate planning. There are many types of planned gifts, many of which provide income tax savings to the donor and their heirs, and ultimately a gift to LSS. The most common and easy way to arrange a planned gift is a bequest in your will. A will is perhaps the easiest and most effective means to ensure that you provide for your family, and that your assets are distributed as you wish. If you choose to make a gift through your will to LSS, the following language will be helpful to you and your attorney:
"I give, bequeath and devise _____% of my Estate [or $_____] to Lutheran Social Services of South Dakota."
A gift to LSS through your Will has several advantages.
Charitable gifts made through your will are 100 percent deductible for estate tax purposes.
A charitable gift may place your estate in a lower tax bracket.
Once you notify LSS of South Dakota of your gift intention, you qualify for membership in our LSS Foundation Founders Family.
Other types of planned gifts include:
Gift Annuity
In exchange for your gift to charity, you or 1-2 other annuitants receive a fixed sum each year for life.
Deferred Gift Annuity
In exchange for your gift to charity, you or 1-2 other annuitants receive a fixed sum each year for life starting at the date of first payout.
Life Insurance
Change the beneficiary to LSS on an existing policy, transfer ownership of your cash value life insurance policy to LSS and receive a charitable income tax deduction for making the gift, establish a new charitable life insurance policy - you'll receive a charitable income tax deduction each time a gift is made to support the policy.
Retirement Plans
Your IRA and other retirement plans are part of your taxable estate. Simply add LSS as a beneficiary or change the beneficiary to LSS on your IRA and make a tax-free gift.
Charitable Remainder Unitrust
Your unitrust pays a fixed percentage of its value, determined each year, to you or others you name for life or a term of years. The remaining assets then go to charity.
Charitable Remainder Annuity Trust
Your trust pays a fixed dollar amount each year to you or others you name for life or a term of years. The remaining assets then go to charity.
Retained Life Estate
You deed your home or farm to charity but retain the right to live in it for the rest of your life, a term of years, or a combination of the two.
Charitable Lead Unitrust
Your unitrust pays a fixed percentage of its value, determined each year, to charity for a term of years or one or more lifetimes. The accumulated assets then go back to you or others you name.
Charitable Lead Annuity Trust
Your trust pays a fixed dollar amount each year to charity for a term of years or one or more lifetimes. The accumulated assets then go back to you or others you name.
To discuss how planned giving may help you provide for your family and LSS, please contact:LSS Development & Foundation
705 E. 41st Street, Suite 200 Sioux Falls, SD 57105
800-568-2401, 605-444-7500 local
Southeast Region
705 E. 41st Street, Suite 200 Sioux Falls, SD 57105
800-568-2401 ext. 7502, 605-444-7502 direct, 605-261-3069 cell
Paige Short, Director of DevelopmentPaige.Short@LssSD.org
Northeast Region
110 6th Ave. SE, Suite 200 Aberdeen, SD 57401-6266
800-584-9248, 605-262-6301 direct
Liesl Hovel, Development DirectorLiesl.Hovel@LssSD.org
Western Region
2920 Sheridan Lake Road Rapid City, SD 57702
800-260-1439, 605-791-6769 direct
Jessica Lillebo, Development DirectorJessica.Lillebo@LssSD.org
Lutheran Social Services of SD is a member of the SD Synod of the ELCA's Lutheran Planned Giving (LPG) Program. Lutheran Planned Giving provides assistance to individuals who would like to support charitable Lutheran member organizations. They can help you with your planning, and can handle numerous charitable beneficiaries. For example, if you wanted to include your congregation, the seminary, and LSS as beneficiaries of a charitable remainder unitrust, they can help you with your planning and paperwork. The contact for Lutheran Planned Giving is:
Lutheran Planned Giving of South Dakota
Kathy J. McHenry
605-274-5030 • 605-868-8754 • kmchenry@sdsynod.org
The information in this web site is not intended as legal advice. For legal advice, please consult an attorney.