https://lsssd.org/how-to-help/congregational-giving.html
Skip to main content
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Who We Are
Employment
Who We Serve
Contact Us
Mission, Vision, Values
Leadership
WeAre[100years]Strong
Client Outcomes
Financial Reports
History
Privacy Practices
What We Do
Services by Region A-Z
Adoption Services
About Adoption
Choosing Adoption
Post-Legal Services
Contact Us
Behavioral Health Services
Telehealth Services
Employee Assistance Program
Provider Directory
Locations
Schedule an Appointment
Secure Bill Pay
Better Together
Become a Volunteer
Become a Neighbor
Center for Financial Resources
Consumer Credit Counseling Service
Financial Fitness Education
Housing Resources
Sharpen Your Financial Focus™
Student Loans
Schedule An Appointment
Locations
Online Counseling & Education
Attend A Class
News
Center for New Americans
Become a Sponsor
Become a Volunteer
Employment Services
Education Services
Post Job Opportunities
Immigration Services
Volunteer Application
COVID Resources
Childcare & Education
After-School Program
Summer Program
Here4Youth After-School & Summer Program
Preschool Program
Infant & Toddler Enrichment
Locations
Rates
Application Process
Information & Forms
Detention Alternatives
Disaster Response
Foster Care
Treatment Foster Care
Specialized Foster Care
Become a Foster Parent
Foster Care FAQs
Inquire About Being a Foster Parent
Referral for Foster Care
Independent Living Services
Community Resource Program
New Alternatives
Young Voices
REACH
Interpreter Services
Schedule an Interpreter
Kinship Services
Mentoring
Become a Mentor
Mentor Volunteer Application
Enroll A Child
Mentor Resources
Pregnancy Services
Getting Started
Making an Adoption Plan
Adoptive Parent Profiles
Resources & Support
Birth Parent FAQs
Adoption Myths
Contact Us
Re-Entry Services
Residential Services for Children & Youth
Referral for Residential Services
Canyon Hills, Spearfish
New Beginnings, Aberdeen
Summit Oaks, Sioux Falls
How to Help
Give Now
Lasting Gifts
Foundation
Planned Giving
Founders Family
Corporate Sponsorships
Congregational Giving
In-Kind Giving
Volunteer Opportunities
News & Events
News Feed
Events
Hope Grows Dinner Events
Founders Family & Volunteer Appreciation
Golf Tournament
Mentor Breakfast
Taste of Cultures
Calendar
Stay Connected
Resources
Donate Today
Who We Are
What We Do
Employment
How To Help
News & Events
Give Now
Lasting Gifts
Foundation
Planned Giving
Founders Family
Corporate Sponsorships
Congregational Giving
In-Kind Giving
Volunteer Opportunities
Each new day tells more of the story, and each night reveals more and more about God’s power.
Psalm 19:2
One Person, One Congregation Can Make a DifferenceThroughout the last century, LSS has changed to meet the needs of individuals, families and communities we serve. LSS is where life stories take shape.
Today, we continue that strong tradition of inclusion and acceptance with a broad range of services to a broad range of communities. Always responsive to the ever-changing needs of communities across the state, LSS offers more than 17 unique and vital services. Just last year, LSS transformed people’s lives 45,781 times.
But no one can do it alone.
LSS has been your outreach and ministry since its inception. Today, Lutheran congregations and WELCAs still play a crucial role in LSS' ability to serve the people of South Dakota.
We are Here to Support your Efforts"It is fundamental for us that our faith calls us to serve our neighbor."
Rev. Constanze Hagmaier, Bishop, SD Synod ELCA
The challenges of ensuring our clients and staff are in a safe and healthy environment amidst the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a priority. Last year, LSS Behavioral Health Services cared for 6,131 people and families across the state of South Dakota. However, COVID-19 will certainly increase that number for FY20-21, as people suffer from anxiety, depression, separation and isolation associated with quarantine. On-site counseling services continue in all locations, and since 2015, telehealth counseling has also been available. All services are HIPAA compliant.
The Center for Financial Services served 4,019 people last year with counseling and education services. We anticipate a growing number as people continue to work through financial hardships, job loss and deferred short-term solutions. Services are offered on-site, over the phone and online.
Financial Support is NeededTo operate, LSS seeks financial support from a variety of resources such as public fees and grants, United Way funding, individual requests and income from our small foundation. Most clients pay for a portion of the services they receive based on their income. However, there is still a shortfall on what it costs to provide needed services and the COVID pandemic has widened that gap. That is where LSS relies on the strong and traditional partnership with congregations, and with organizations within congregations such as the Women of the ELCA and youth groups.
Referrals & Resources
Newsletter: Healing Outreach
Poster: LSS is Where Life Stories Take Shape
Where We Serve by Region
Congregational Donations
Contact Us
Change in Mailing Information
Annual Report to Congregations, 2019
Southeast Region
705 E. 41st Street, Suite 200 Sioux Falls, SD 57105
800-568-2401 ext. 7502, 605-444-7502 direct, 605-261-3069 cell
Paige Short, Director of DevelopmentPaige.Short@LssSD.org
Northeast Region
110 6th Ave. SE, Suite 200 Aberdeen, SD 57401-6266
800-584-9248, 605-262-6301 direct
Liesl Hovel, Development DirectorLiesl.Hovel@LssSD.org
Western Region
2920 Sheridan Lake Road Rapid City, SD 57702
800-260-1439, 605-791-6769 direct
Jessica Lillebo, Development DirectorJessica.Lillebo@LssSD.org