https://lymphoma.org/privacy-policy
For Patients and Caregivers
About Lymphoma
Treatment Options
Resources & Support
For Healthcare Professionals
For Researchers
About LRF
About Us
Our Impact
Our Scientific Experts
25 Years of Innovation and Progress
Support LRF
Team LRF - Walks, Ride, DIY
Ticketed Events
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Subscribe
Privacy PolicyHome » Privacy Policy
The Lymphoma Research Foundation (“We” or “LRF”) has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
LRF values and respects an individual’s right to keep certain information private. At the same time, LRF needs to collect and use certain information to enable LRF to effectively deliver products and services and further its mission in the fight against lymphoma. In order to accomplish both of these goals, we have provided this detailed Privacy Policy so that you may understand how various types of information may be used.
This Privacy Policy discloses our information gathering, use and dissemination practices for this Web site (the “Web site”). By using or accessing this Web site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEB SITE.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
LRF may collect 4 kinds of information:
Personal Contact Information
Personal Medical Information
Aggregate Information
Research Information.
When using the Web site, in order to utilize some of the services, to register with LRF or to correspond with LRF, you may be asked to provide, or you may choose to upload, certain personally identifiable information about yourself or another person.
Personal Contact Information: Personal Contact Information can include your name, email address, physical address and telephone number (“Personal Contact Information”). If you would like us to restrict the use of your contact information, please email privacy@lymphoma.org.
Personal Medical Information: Personal Medical Information can include information regarding an individual’s diseases, treatments, lifestyle behaviors, family history, genotype, phenotype and other similar information (“Personal Medical Information”).
Personal Contact Information and Personal Medical Information are sometimes collectively referred to as “Personal Information”.
Aggregate Information: In addition, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type and other data, and may aggregate any Personal Information collected (“Aggregate Information”). aggregate information will not include any information which identifies any individual.
Research Information: From time to time LRF may solicit, or users may choose to submit to LRF on an unsolicited basis, research information, funding requests and project proposals (“Research Information”).
Your Profile record: To update your personal information, please email privacy@lymphoma.org.
USE OF INFORMATION
Personal Contact Information: We may use Personal Contact Information to contact you about programs, services, announcements or fundraising efforts in connection, or affiliated, with LRF. We will not sell or rent your Personal Contact Information, or share it with any third party unaffiliated with LRF. However, we may share Personal Contact Information with affiliates and other third parties with whom LRF is collaborating on a particular project, such as organizations engaged in similar services as LRF or partners that we believe help further our mission.
Personal Medical Information: We may contact you based upon your Personal Medical Information, however, LRF will not share Personal Medical Information with any third party without your prior informed consent.
Aggregate Information: We may use Aggregate Information to improve and enhance your experience on the Web site and for our research activities. For example, we may share Aggregate Information with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners, in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the shared information will not contain nor be linked to any Personal Information. Aggregate Information may also be provided to third parties for research, development or other purposes. By submitting Personal Information to LRF, you expressly consent to the unlimited right of LRF to aggregate such information with other similar information and use it in any manner which does not SPECIFICALLY identify any individual.
Research Information: Research Information submitted to LRF pursuant to a particular program will be subject to the terms and conditions of that research program. LRF makes no guarantees or representations with respect to how unsolicited Research Information sent to LRF may be handled.
Opt-In and Opt-Out Process: If at any time in the future we plan to use any Personal Contact Information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here and provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of such differing uses. Your continued use of our Web site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
If at any time in the future we plan to use any Personal Medical Information in a way that differs from this policy, we will only do so after you have consented to such use by means of an “opt-in” response to us.
We recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you and we offer the following options:
Do not contact me by telephone
Do not contact me by mail
Do not contact me by e-mail
Do not share my contact information with other organizations
Do not contact me with fundraising requests supporting the Lymphoma Research Foundation
Limit fundraising appeals to semi-annual solicitations only
Do not contact me or share my information with anyone
If you would like to opt out or limit our contacts with you, please email privacy@lymphoma.org. If you contact us with an opt-out request, all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure that you will not receive any of the selected communications from us in the future.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Changes to policy: Subject to the “Opt-In and Opt-Out Process” above, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time.
Cookies: “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that web site. Many web sites use cookies for these purposes. We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Web site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Web site or your interaction with the Web site.
Clickstream: As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Web site. We may use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Web site, how visitors navigate throughout the Web site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will only be used to improve our Web site. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not contain any Personal Information.
Other Web Sites: Our Web site may contain links to, or may frame, other web sites not maintained by LRF. Other sites may also reference or link to our Web site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Web site or view framed web sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the information collection, privacy practices or content of such other sites.
Children: LRF does not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to participate in any services offered on our Web site which requires the submission of Personal Contact Information or Personal Medical Information. If we learn that a user is under 13 and has submitted such information to us, we will delete that information as promptly as possible.
Security: The security of your Personal Information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers by utilizing encryption software. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and LRF, and LRF and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Web site demonstrates your assumption of this risk. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the Personal Information we collect. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed access to your Personal Information.
Contact: Contact us for questions or concerns relating to privacy.
Updated August 2020
Stay informed with news, alerts and other resources.
Spam Control Text:   Please leave this field empty
Stay informed with news, alerts and other resources.
Spam Control Text:   Please leave this field empty