http://ma-yitheatre.org/privacy
Contact
Rentals
Store
Contribute
Shows
About
Writers Lab
News
Privacy Policy
Ma-Yi Theater Company is committed to ensuring and protecting the privacy of our subscribers and visitors to the Ma-Yi Theater Web site (the “Site”). Ma-Yi Theater does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. Please read on for more details about our Privacy Policy, which applies to your use of the Site. If you do not accept the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should not use the Site.
Children’s Information: THE SITE IS NOT DIRECTED TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE. WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITE.
Our Site’s order form requires you to give contact information (such as your name and address) and financial information (such as your credit card number). We will not share contact or financial information with third parties without your prior written consent. When you purchase tickets using the order form available on the Site, your consent is given to provide your financial or contact information to those third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies. If you contact us by regular mail, email or otherwise, we may keep a record of your correspondence.
Web servers serving the Site may automatically collect information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP addressor domain name. Ma-Yi Theater may use any such information collected to tailor the content on the Site or to assess the amount of traffic to the Site.
We use contact information to contact our ticket purchasers with information related to Ma-Yi Theater and to describe the Ma-Yi Theater ticket purchaser base in general terms to potential donors, supporters and the press. A ticket purchaser to Ma-Yi Theater can choose to change contact information or remove such person’s mailing address from our mailing list by sending an email to info@ma-yitheatre.org or a written request to Ma-Yi Theater Company at 520 Eighth Avenue, Suite 309, New York, NY 10018.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ma-Yi Theater may also release contact or financial information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with law or protect the rights, property or safety of Ma-Yi Theater, our employees, our subscribers, or others.
Our Site may contain links to other sites on the World Wide Web. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, Ma-Yi Theater is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, including such sites’ use of any information collected when you click through links to those sites. To the extent you disclose information about you on other Web sites, even those to which you have linked through our Site, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of that information to third-parties. We therefore strongly encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy practices and customs of any Web site controlled by a third party before disclosing your personal information on that Web site.
Ma-Yi Theater reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. It is your responsibility as a Ma-Yi Theater ticket purchaser or subscriber or user of the Site to return periodically to this page to review the Privacy Policy for modifications. The amended Privacy Policy will take effect automatically after posting. Your continued use of the Site following any amendment will constitute your agreement to such amendment.
Donate To Ma-Yi Theater Company
Your contributions allow us to continue to produce and develop innovative, exciting new work by Asian American playwrights and to keep theater tickets affordable.
Donate