https://macleanlegalsearch.com/privacy-policy-cookies/
Home
Who we are
What we do
Why work with us
Testimonials
Our Team
Contact Us
Privacy Policy / Privacy Notice for candidates
Privacy Policy/Privacy Notice for candidates
Maclean Legal Search is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. Maclean Legal Search is a legal recruitment and search firm and we therefore provide recruitment and executive search services to individual candidates, as well as client law firms/retained searches for law firms and/or corporates. To do this, we need to process the personal information of individual candidates who we seek to place with new firms, corporates and financial institutions. We use your personal data to match your skills, experience and education with a potential opportunity.
What is the purpose of this document?
Maclean Legal Search is a “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. This purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you of how and why your personal data will be used and how long it will usually be retained for. It provides you with certain information that must be provided under the General Data Protection Regulation.
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law and principles, which means that your data will be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
The kind of information we may collect, hold and process about you
In order to provide our search/recruitment services, we will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
The information you have provided to us in your curriculum vitae and, if relevant, a covering letter, business plan or an LPQ, including your employment history, experience and qualifications (including education and training details).
Contact and general biographical information including your name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, work email address, date of birth, gender.
Any other information you give us. You may provide us with information by corresponding with us by phone, email, text message or otherwise. This may include your job preferences including role, location and salary, other financial information, as well as details of any other job offers and, if relevant, details of any disciplinary or other internal or regulatory investigation. You may also provide us with your current contract details for example, current salary/earnings, annual leave, notice period and details of any benefits you receive.
Details of your right to work including your passport, visa or right to work permit, academic transcripts.
We may automatically collect information regarding your visits to our website, such as technical information and information about your visit.
Referees/references.
We may also collect, store and use the following types of more sensitive personal information:
Information about your race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation and political opinions.
Information about your health, including any medical condition, health and sickness records.
Information about criminal convictions and offences.
How is your personal information collected?
We collect personal information about candidates from the following sources:
You, the candidate.
Publicly available sources including corporate websites, the Law Society website, the legal directories, the press or other publications, LinkedIn, Twitter and other social networking sites.
Your referees.
Word of mouth.
How we will use information about you
We use the personal information we collect about you solely in our capacity as a recruitment company/executive search firm. It is in our legitimate interest to try and introduce potential candidates to potential employers/firms. To do this we assess candidates to ascertain whether there is a potential fit with a law firm or corporate known to us or by whom we are retained, with a view to introducing candidates to law firms and/or corporates and them entering into an employment or business relationship. We may also process your data to comply with our contractual or other legal obligations or on the basis of your consent.
We will use the personal information we collect about you to:
Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for a role.
Match your skills with job vacancies to assist in finding you the best role.
To put forward your details to law firms and/or corporates for you to be considered for a role.
To keep you updated about available opportunities for you.
Communicate with you about the recruitment process.
Keep records related to our hiring processes and build market insight.
Comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
To provide career advice.
How we use particularly sensitive personal information
We may use your particularly sensitive personal information in the following ways:
We will use information about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustment.
We will use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or moral beliefs, or your sexual life or sexual orientation, to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting.
If you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide information when requested, which is necessary for us to provide our services to you, we will not be able to assist you.
Information about criminal convictions
We do not envisage that we will regularly process information about criminal convictions. Where appropriate, we will collect information about criminal convictions as part of the recruitment process for a role, or we may be notified of such information directly by you in the course of working with you. We will only collect information about criminal convictions if it is appropriate given the nature of the role you are being considered for and where we are legally able to do so.
Automated decision-making
We provide a personal service and you will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making.
Data sharing
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We will share your personal data with the following entities:
Your CV and related information will be shared or sent to prospective employers/law firms/corporates.
Third party referees
Service providers e.g. IT providers
Third parties when required by law or to protect our services.
Other parties with your consent.
All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Sometimes we may propose sharing information with a potential employer outside the UK or outside the EEA. If this is likely we will, if possible, first discuss this with you and ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place. If we are working with you in relation to a role with a US firm, your data is likely to be transferred to the US and there is not an adequacy decision by the European Commission in respect of that country. By agreeing to us putting you forward for such a role/position, you are consenting to the proposed transfer of your data to the US.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need-to-know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my information for?
We retain personal information about the individuals we work with for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, unless a longer retention period is required by law. We do this so that we can advise candidates of any other suitable opportunities that arise in the future. We limit the information that is retained to that which is necessary for these purposes. We also retain information so that we can respond to any complaints and in the event of a legal claim we can show that we have not discriminated and have otherwise complied with our legal obligations.
When we retain information on individuals we ensure that it is only accessible to employees who have a business need to do so. We also review the information we hold on a regular basis so we only retain information that is still relevant and accurate.
After this period, we will securely destroy your personal information.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
The right to withdraw consent – if you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful).
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact MacLean Legal Search in writing. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
© 2020 Maclean Legal Search Ltd - Registered in England No. 10835093 · Built by Raised by Bears.