http://madhuramurali.org/index.php?option=com_pagecontent&key=privacy
Vision
Sri Swamiji's Schedules
Lectures & Essays
Questions and answers
Kirtans
Stories
Chaitanya Mahaprabhu Namabhiksha Kendra
Sandeepani Gurukula Trust
Guruji Sri Muralidhara Swamigal Mission
Other Institutions
Madhuramurali Magazine
Books
Audio
Video
About Ashram
How to reach
Current events
2003
2002
2001
More..
Gallery
Video Clips
Audio Clips
Admin office
Ashram
HelpDesk
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy interests and so operate this site by these principles: You may use Madhuramurali.org and any of its affiliated websites ("Madhuramurali") without disclosing personally identifiable information. We want to be clear that we will not obtain such information about you unless you choose to submit to us. For example, by requesting for prayers, emailing us your comments or suggestions, signing our guestbook, enrolling into our mailing list, answering our questions or submitting questions and doubts that identifies your identity. We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide. You should understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception and so we cannot guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions. The web server of Madhuramurali collects and saves the default information customarily logged by world wide web server software. Our logs contain the following information for each request: date and time, originating IP address and domain name (the unique address assigned to your Internet service provider's computer that connects to the Internet), object requested, completion status of the request, the duration taken for the web server to serve the page etc. We use these logs to help improve our service by evaluating the "traffic" to our site in terms of number of unique visitors, level of demand, most popular page requests, and types of errors. These logs may be kept for an indefinite amount of time, used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers. We sometimes use statistical non-personally identifiable demographic information about our users in the aggregate (such as the number of unique visitors to our site, hits, most visited pages, etc.) However, we do not disclose identifiable Personal Information about you without your expressed consent, unless required by law. In addition, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other facially valid legal processes, we will not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
For additional information, kindly read our Copyright Notice, Disclaimer and Terms of Use.
Disclaimer: This is an unofficial site maintained by the devotees of Sri Sri Muralidhara
Swamiji for Sat sang purposes.The views expressed in this site do not reflect the views of Guruji Sri Muralidhara Swamigal Mission in any way
Madhura Murali. 2006 2020. All rights reserved.
Pronunciation | Copyright Notice | Privacy Policy