https://madhyamaka.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Madhyamaka KMC collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our websites
Use of cookies by Madhyamaka KMC
E-newsletter
Security and performance
People who use our online booking system
People who submit a Volunteering Visitor application
Photos taken during events or day visits to Madhyamaka KMC
People who email us
How long we keep your information
Links to other websites
Changes to this privacy notice
Access to and amending your personal information
What you can do
How to contact us
Visitors to our website:
Use of cookies by Madhyamaka KMC
You can choose to accept cookies on madhyamaka.org. The acceptance of ookies is managed by Dfactory.eu. For more information, see Dfactory‘s privacy notice.
E-newsletter
Madhyamaka KMC uses a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. Statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs help us to monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
Security and performance
Madhyamaka KMC uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the madhyamaka.org website. For more information on how this is processed, please click here.
People who use our online booking system
Information collected and processed is necessary to manage and administer your booking, and to facilitate event planning. We may contact you via email or phone regarding your booking. We may also send you e-newsletters with information about the event you have booked for, or future events.
Madhyamaka KMC uses Freetobook for accommodation bookings, and Freewebstore for course bookings. Please see their privacy notices for more information.
We use third party providers: WorldPay, Paypal and Stripe, to process payment information. For more information please see WorldPay’s privacy policy, PayPal‘s privacy policy and Stripe‘s privacy policy.
People who submit a Volunteering Visitor application
Information collected and processed is necessary to manage and administer your application and your actual volunteering visit experience. We may contact you via email or phone regarding your application. We use a third party provider, JotForm, to provide our Volunteer Visitor Application form.
For more information please see JotForm’s Privacy notice.
Photos taken during events or day visits to Madhyamaka Kadampa Meditation Centre
Images may be captured during events organised and hosted by Madhyamaka KMC using film photography, digital photography, video or other medium and may be used on the website, event publicity or brochures, other publicity material (such as internal and external newsletters), and may be provided to the media for publication in local or national newspapers or magazines and other resources.  Madhyamaka KMC acknowledges its responsibilities in capturing images by photography or other means under applicable law.
People who email us
Transport Layer Security (TLS) is used to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government standards. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
How long we keep your information
Your information will be retained for a period of 6 years plus the current year, for statutory record keeping purposes.  After this time, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it for longer,  your personal information will be deleted or, where data is required for statistical purposes, anonymised.
Your information used for marketing purposes will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25 May 2018.
Access to and amending your personal information
You may ask us to correct or remove information that we hold on you.  Please contact us using the details below.
What you can do
If you are not satisfied with how we have dealt with your query, you may raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office ico.org.uk
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at info@madhyamaka.org or write to:
Madhyamaka Kadampa Meditation Centre
Kilnwick Percy Hall
Pocklington
York
YO42 1UF
Madhyamaka Kadampa Meditation Centre, UK registered charity (509746 (England))
Follow us on FacebookDownload Free eBookEnewsletter SignupKeep in touch with the latest information on events at Madhyamaka KMC
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: DonationsMadhyamaka KMC is a registered charity #509746 and non-profit organisation. Our centre is run largely by volunteers and all activities are dedicated to the development of peace throughout the world.
Thank you for your donation!
FIND LASTING HAPPINESS
The purpose of meditation is to make the mind calm and peaceful. If our mind is peaceful we will be free from worries and mental discomfort, and so we will experience true happiness.
– Venerable Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
Madhyamaka KMCMadhyamaka Kadampa Meditation Centre
Kilnwick Percy Hall, Pocklington,
York, YO42 1UF
Registered Charity No. 509746
The Wolds Bed & BreakfastA range of comfortable and private accommodation
Situated at the foot of the Wolds
Quiet and peaceful surroundings
Set within the grounds of historic Kilnwick Percy Hall
Woodland walks
World Peace CafeOpen 7 days a week 10.30am - 4.30pm
Teas and coffees
Cakes and light lunches
Childrens play area
Doggy lodge
Scroll to top
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. I Understand