http://madison-kc.org/privacy-policy/
Knights of Columbus in Madison, AL
St John the Baptist Council (#10232) & Father Patrick J Murphy Assembly (#2420)
Skip to content
Home
Youth Activities
Insurance
Newsletters
Scholarships
ID Drive
Pictures
Officers
About
Council Facebook Page
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://madison-kc.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to monitor and optimize our page design to best suit visitors, including current Knights, future Knights, and those who are just curious about what we do here.
This means that some data is automatically provided back to Google, who can then provide selected information back to us, including what links you may click on our page, and some demographic information such as location of your public IP address (roughly to the city level).
Some enhanced demographic information may also be provided through Google, if available.
Search for:
Order Council Gear
Pay your 2021 Dues Today!Pro Life Links
Birthright International
Birthright International, the world’s first international crisis pregnancy service.
Life Athletes
Life Athletes is a coalition of more than 200 professional and Olympic athletes who teach and inspire others to respect life and live lives of virtue and sexual abstinence.
March for Life
The March for Life began in Washington, D.C., in 1974 to peacefully protest the Supreme Court’s infamous Roe v. Wade decision which decriminalized abortion.
National Right To Life
NRLC works through legislation and education to protect those threatened by abortion, euthanasia, infanticide and assisted suicide.
Priests For Life
Priests for Life is an officially approved association of Catholic clergy that assists other clergy in addressing life issues. Priests for Life adds both an authoritative voice and a sacrificial power to the pro-life cause.
Vatican: the Holy See
The Gospel of Life is found in the teaching of Christ and His Church. The Vatican web site is a repository of Church documents and other information.
Site Information
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Knights of Columbus in Madison, AL
Privacy Policy
Proudly powered by WordPress.