https://mailfriends.com/terms
Terms of use
The terms of use define general rules that apply to the use of the online service "Mailfriends". Further information about the collection and processing of personal data can be found in the privacy policy.
The terms of use and the privacy policy are the only operable agreements between this online service and its users. Users may not assign any rights under these agreements.
Due to the further development of the online service or due to changed legal or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change these terms of use. The current version can always be accessed via the links within the online service. All prior communications or agreements are superseded by the current version.
The date of this version is November 21, 2018.
1. General
The operator of this online service is: Christoph Ziegenberg, Husarenstr. 45, 38104 Braunschweig, Germany
The online service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any express or implied warranty or condition. The use of it is at the user's own risk.
Each user must be at least 16 years old. If the country of the user has set a higher legal age to use this online service, the user must have reached at least that age. If the user is younger than the required minimum age, use is only allowed if a legal guardian of the user agrees to the use and if this is allowed in the country of the user.
2. User accounts
This online service is accessible without registration, only specific features require to create an user account. Access to the user account must not be shared with others, sold, or otherwise transferred.
The operator is entitled at any time to request proof of the identity of users, if deemed necessary, in order to prevent possible misuse of the service and to protect other users. Users are obliged to provide this proof in order to continue to use the online service.
At any time, with no notice and for any reason, the operator may block the access to this online service for specific users, terminate user accounts, or remove information posted by users - especially, but not exclusively, when users violate these terms of use.
Users are not allowed to create multiple accounts for the purpose of deceiving others, to get around blocks, or to work around individual account limits set by this online service,
3. Provided services
The operator provides this online service to connect users with other users and to enable them to communicate with each other. Some features allow the user to upload content that is processed by the operator and made accessible to all users or a defined user group.
The online service is basically provided free of charge, unless the user is explicitly advised of any costs incurred. The operator may change, restrict or terminate certain functions of this online service, or the online service as a whole, at any time and without prior notice.
4. Restrictions on use
The use of this online service is permitted for private purposes only. Any form of commercial or for-profit use is prohibited - in case of misuse for such purposes, the user agrees to pay a contractual penalty of 500 EUR, plus 100 EUR for each user targeted by this abuse.
It's not permitted to use this online service to violate any laws, including infringement of intellectual property rights.
It is not permitted to use this online service in any way that may damage its operation. In case of discovered bugs, security issues, or privacy leaks, the user agrees to disclose this information responsibly by contacting the operator via email to security@mailfriends.com and waiting at least 90 days before publishing information about it, so that the operator can fix these issues.
5. User-generated content
Content posted by users is made accessible to other users. This means it may be archived, copied, or otherwise duplicated by any person or automatic system that is able to access it. A later removal of this content from this online service will be unable to affect any external copies.
Users retain the copyright and ownership of any of their own content that they submit to this online service. However, they grant the operator a non-exclusive license to store, display and distribute that content in the context of operating this online service, subject to the privacy policy, and they confirm that they have the right to grant this license to the operator.
Published, user-generated content is neither confirmed by the operator nor verified in a reliable manner. They can be inaccurate, misleading or completely wrong. Users should not make any important decisions (medical, financial, etc.) based on this content. The operator is not liable if users do this anyway.
When communicating with other users, individual users may use this online service to distribute unwanted content. The user accepts this and any risks that may result. The user reports such content to the operator so that he can take countermeasures.
This online service is not intended to facilitate purchases, trades, or any other transactions of goods or services. Any arrangements a user makes through this service are at the user's own risk.
6. Content restrictions
User submitted content must not be in violation of applicable law or contain any unwanted, harassing or harmful information. This includes, but is not limited to, spam, viruses, malware, or other content that can directly or indirectly damage people's devices.
Furthermore content must not contain the following types of information:
Incorrect or inappropriate information intended to mislead others, in particular to impersonate someone else's identity (real or online).
Anyone's personal or confidential information (either in relation to their real world or online identity), unless the data subject has previously agreed to it.
Information that intentionally threatens, insults, or otherwise harms others, including information that encourages or incites others to do so. In particular, this includes information that is unsuitable or harmful to minors.
Information that violates copyrights, trademarks, patents or other property rights under applicable law, including citations or excerpts from third-party information for which the user did not acquire a sufficient license.
7. Jurisdiction
The jurisdiction is, as far as legally permissible, the residence of the operator, and legal issues will be governed by the laws valid there.
×