https://mainefamilyplanning.org/privacy/
Quick Exit
TEL: (207) 922-3222
Quick Exit
Privacy
Thanks for visiting Maine Family Planning’s website and for reviewing our Website Notice of Privacy Practices. We collect no information about you other than information automatically collected and stored (as defined below) when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide additional information.
Online Donations and Purchases
If you make an online donation to, or purchase material from, Maine Family Planning, you will be asked for your credit card information. Our donation and purchase pages are stored on a secure server (evidenced by https:// in the web address) that is designed to protect sensitive information. After you click “submit”, your information is encrypted before being sent to Maine Family Planning.
MFP’s third-party vendors employ SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private and integral. SSL is an industry standard.
The information you provide is used only to process donations or materials sales and will not be disclosed, sold, traded, or rented to any other third party.
To read more about the security measures maintained by our third-party database vendor, click here
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you can be collected. Through our website, we automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet (i.e., aol.com, if you are using an American Online account, or stanford.edu, if you are connecting from Stanford University’s domain),
the date and time of your visit,
the country where your Internet service provider is based,
the pages you visited, and
the referring website address.
We use this information for statistical purposes only and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that a web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable sites to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users. We do not use cookies in our website.
Links to External Websites
Maine Family Planning’s site contains links to other sites. These links are provided to help you find information or services that relate to our mission and may be of interest to users of this website. Maine Family Planning is not responsible for, and makes no representation regarding, the privacy practices or content of those sites. You should check the policy statements of those websites.
Personally Provided Information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit our website. If you choose to provide additional information about yourself through an e-mail message or form, we will only maintain the information for its intended purpose and will not share it with any other party. E-mail addresses that are provided for a specific purpose are used solely for that purpose, such as our advocacy e-mail list. Otherwise they are used solely to respond to a question, comment, or request via the e-mail address provided.
All communications addressed to the Maine Family Planning Webmaster are maintained, as required by law, for historical purposes.
Patient Portal
To read more about the security measures maintained by our third-party electronic medical records vendor, click here
Notice of Privacy Practices
Maine Family Planning’s Notice of Privacy Practices can be found here: Notice of Privacy Practices.
Opting Out and Corrections
When visitors supply contact information, they may receive periodic contacts from us. If supporters wish to receive only certain mailings, or wish to receive no correspondence at all, or if any personal information needs to be corrected, please let us know by contacting us via any method described below. We will try to ensure that all requests are honored.
Disclosure
Maine Family Planning does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our website visitors, including e-mail addresses, unless required by law enforcement or statute.
Contact Information
Feel free to contact Maine Family Planning with any comments, questions, or issues about this policy via any of the methods listed below:
clinicalops@mainefamilyplanning.org
Tel: 207-922-3222
Fax: 207-622-0836
Home
For Staff
Privacy
Disclaimer
HomeBook an AppointmentAbout Us
Contact UsJoin Our TeamLeadershipOn The Front Lines Back
For Patients
FAQsFind a ClinicPatient Portal & Pay My BillPatient ResourcesPatient Voices Back
Our Services
Virtual Visits HubAbortion ServicesFamily Support ServicesLGBTQ+ HealthcareVirtual VisitsPrimary CareReproductive HealthcareReproductive Empowerment Project (REP) Back
For Educators
ConferenceSex Education ResourcesTeaching MaterialsTraining & Workshops Back
Get Involved
Support & GivingSpecial EventsShare Your StoryPolicy InformationFor MediaTitle X Back
× Close Panel