https://majellan.media/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Use of Information
We will collect and maintain in our database certain personally identifiable information from you only when you provide it to us on a voluntary basis, for example, when you make an inquiry, contact us, subscribe to our newsletter or forums, or establish an email account.
Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it, and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent.
We will not share any information about you with third parties, except as provided by civil privacy legislation.
Please be aware that this site does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet.
Information Collected
When you look at our website please be aware that our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs information about it. This is the usual practice for an Internet Service Provider. This information may include but is not limited to:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The previous site you have visited
The type of browser you are using
Your Consent
By using our site, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy. We will review this Privacy Policy periodically, and if we ever change our Privacy Policy, we shall post any changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of the information we collect, how we use it and the circumstances under which we disclose it, if at all.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Copyright
This site is Copyright © Majellan Publications.
All information on this site is solely for the purposes of reference by interested visitors. Information may be cited only with prior written permission and proper attribution.
Please direct enquiries about using information on this site to office@majellan.org.au.
Disclaimer
Majellan Publications accepts no responsibility for the content on external sites. External links are presented without warranty, express or implied. The descriptions of sites in these pages have been taken from the pages themselves and are not meant to express the opinions of Majellan Publications.