http://malahide.dublin.anglican.org/legal/
NavigationHome
About Us
Communications
Events
Legal
News
Organisations
Parish Support Organisations
29th Company Girl’s Brigade
Bethany Bereavement Group
Church Choir
Friends of St. Doulagh’s Church
Malahide Mothers’ Union
Pastoral Care & Support Team
St. Andrew’s Parents Support Organisation
Youth Programmes
Sports & Social Organisations
St Andrew’s Social Club
St. Andrew’s Bowling Club
St. Andrew’s Table Tennis Club
Outreach
Services
Legal
Website Privacy Notice
Your privacy matters to us and central to our workings is our commitment that we are transparent about the personal data that we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.  This privacy notice applies when you use our website or any of our web services.
Who we are
We are the United Parishes of Malahide, Portmarnock & St. Doulagh’s in the diocese of Dublin & Glendalough, a member of the Anglican Communion, hereinafter referred to as “The Parish”, providing information services to parishioners and the  general public. You can contact us at Parish Administrator, St. Andrews Parish Centre, Church Road, Malahide or by email at  malahideparishcentre@gmail.com
Our data protection representative is Claire Craig, who can be contacted by email at:    missclairecraig@gmail.com
Why we process your data, the lawful basis for processing your data and who we share it with
A.  For people who view and interact with our website, we process data:
to respond to your query when sent through our Contact email service.
to remember your viewing preferences
to manage authentic access to our website
to manage donations
The legal basis for processing your personal data is the legitimate interest in the administration and operation of our day–to–day operations.
We share some personal data with our IT system provider.  They may only process this data for the purpose of providing us with their services and for no other purpose.
We request and obtain your consent to share personal data such as your name and email address for our newsletter distribution.  The legal basis for the processing of this data is consent.
We will retain this personal data in accordance with legislative requirements and in line with our data retention policy.
B.  For people whom we liaise with on a regular basis, we process personal data:
In order to communicate with you about your interests and wider church related matters
In order to receive payment from you
The legal basis for the processing of this data is processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the parish in working with and supporting you.
We will retain this personal data in accordance with legislative requirements and in line with the Parish’s data retention policy.
Transfers of data outside the European Economic Area
We do not transfer any personal data outside the European Economic Area.
Your rights relating to your personal data
You have the following rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, in certain circumstances, subject to certain exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
right to access the data: you have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, together with other information about our processing of that data
right to rectification: you have the right to request that any inaccurate data that is held about you is corrected, or if we have incomplete information, you may request that we update the information such that it is complete
right to erasure: you have the right to request us to delete personal data that we hold about you.  This is sometimes referred to as the right to be forgotten
right to restriction of processing or to object to processing: you have the right to request that we no longer process your personal data for particular purposes, or to object to our processing of your personal data for other purposes
right to data portability: you have the right to request us to provide you, or a third party, with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used machine readable format
In order to raise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at the contact details at the start of this privacy notice.  If we are processing personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time.  This does not affect the lawfulness of processing which took place prior to any withdrawal.
Requirement to process personal data
You may browse our website without providing us with any personal data and this will not affect your ability to view our website.
If you do not provide us with your personal data, as necessary for the purposes outlined in  at 2.A above, we cannot respond to your queries sent through our Contact email service or liaise with you via our website on any matters.
We do not use any personal data for the purpose of automated decision–making or profiling.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is in use on our website to track website usage statistics.  We are informed that no personal data is collected by Google Analytics, which uses first–party cookies to collect data about visitors.
Security
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your personal data, such as HTTPS.  We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches.  There is no guarantee that your data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed through breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards.
Contact Information
If you are unhappy with how we process your personal data, we ask you to contact us so that we can assess the situation.  You can contact us at the details provided at the beginning of this notice.  You may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.  The Irish supervisory authority is the Data Protection Commission.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We use cookies to remember your viewing preferences if you select to view this website using the ‘Text only version’. This cookie remembers your personal preference as you browse from page to page, and also on your return to the website after closing your browser.
Cookies are used to manage authenticated access to the site by authorized users to protected areas of the website. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Please note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Google Analytics is in use on the site to track website usage statistics, no personal information is gathered by Google Analytics, which uses first–party cookies to collect information about visitors.
We do not share any information collected with third parties.
Any changes to this Website Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
You can disable cookies on your own web browser for this site.  Please consult your browser’s help file to find out how to do this.
Privacy enquiries may be made:
By writing to: The Webmaster, St. Andrews Parish Centre, Church Road, Malahide
By e–mail to: Parish Administrator, St. Andrews Parish Centre, Church Road, Malahide
Disclaimer
The Parish shall accept no liability for any loss, damage, claims, demands, causes of action, expenses, including without limitation to, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy statement and your consents.
The Parish shall accept no liability for statements issued pertaining to this website which clearly represent the sender’s own views and are not made on behalf of the Parish.
Copyright Information and Terms & Conditions
The use of and access to pages of this website are subject to the terms and conditions set out below and the copyright declaration below. By using or accessing this website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
This website is designed for information purposes only.
News organisations may copy, quote, publish and broadcast material from this website without payment and without approval provided they observe the conditions below. Other users may copy or download material from this website for private research and study without payment and without approval provided they observe the conditions below.
The conditions for the limited waiver of copyright are that users:
Quote the source as the United Parishes of Malahide, Portmarnock & St. Doulagh’s website, www.ireland.anglican.org
Do not use the material in a misleading context or in a derogatory manner;
Provide the parish with a complimentary copy of a print publication; and the URL address of a website using copied material (except Press Releases).
All other requests to use material belonging to the parish requires the prior written consent of the parish.
Copyright enquiries may be made:
By writing to: The Webmaster, St. Andrews Parish Centre, Church Road, Malahide
By e–mail to: Parish Administrator, St. Andrews Parish Centre, Church Road, Malahide
Content on this website is © copyright the Parish unless otherwise stated.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok