https://maninthemirror.org/giver-privacy-policy/
RSSTwitterFacebookLinkedInInstagramBible Study
Contact Us
TO SERVE PASTORS
Find Nearest Area Director
Latest Blogs
TO EQUIP LEADERS
No Man Left Behind Training
GO BOX: Jumpstart Your Ministry to Men
Latest Blogs
Leadership Webinars
Join Our Team of Area Directors
Journey to Biblical Manhood
TO TRANSFORM MEN
Weekly Video Bible Study
The Christian Man
GO Online Men’s Study
Small Group Resources
Books! by the Box
The Mentoring Experience
MIM Master Series
Men’s Events
Devotions App
Latest Blogs
ABOUT
Who We Are
Statement of Faith
Give to the Mission
Giver Privacy Policy
Man in the Mirror, Inc. (MIM) is committed to respecting the privacy of our givers. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our givers that giver information will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness. MIM provides this Giver Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
Information collected. Here are the types of giver information that we collect and maintain:
Contact information:  name, organization, complete address, phone number, email address
Payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information
Shipping information: name, organization, complete address
Information concerning how you heard about MIM
Information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions
Your request to receive periodic updates; e.g., upon individual request, we will send periodic communications related to specific fundraising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
How information is used.  MIM uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, and to update you on ministry happenings. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we consider carefully each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
No sharing of personal information.  MIM will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other ministries. We assure you that the identity of all our givers will be kept confidential. Use of giver information will be limited to the internal purposes of MIM and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of MIM.
Removing your name from our communications.  It is not our desire to send unwanted communications to our givers. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our communications list.
Contact us.  If you have comments or questions about our giver privacy policy, please send us an email at donors@maninthemirror.org or call us at (407) 472-2100.
ShareShareEmailTweet
Since 1986, Man in the Mirror has worked with more than 25,000 churches and millions of men. We help churches create an environment where the Holy Spirit inspires men to engage in life-on-life discipleship.
ADDRESS
1375 State Road 436
Casselberry, FL 32707
PHONE
407-472-2100
RSSTwitterFacebookLinkedInInstagramBible Study
Give to the Mission
Cart
Cart
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?