http://marineconnection.org/legal/
Sign Up To Our Enewsletter
Legal
Legal Information
We hope that you enjoy viewing our site and that you find the information you are looking for. During your visit, we would appreciate that you adhere to the copyright statement set forth in regards to graphics, photographs, and intellectual content. In turn, we will respect your privacy and have provided information on our practices in handling personally identifiable information. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions for our website, we’d like to hear from you. Please use the form on our contact page.
All material on this site is protected by copyright and may not be used unless otherwise stated. You may not distribute, transmit, modify, reuse or otherwise use the contents of this site for public or commercial purposes without our prior written permission.
Use of this site is at your own risk. Marine Connection makes no warranties or representations as to its omissions in the content on the site. Neither Marine Connection nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, use of, or inability to use or access this site.
Privacy Policy
The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected via email and through our online form on the contact page, includes your name and email address. The purpose for collecting this information is to respond to your inquiries about our work. We will not share your personal information with anyone and we do not disclose or sell personal data to third parties. Our full Privacy Policy can be read here.
Share
Tweet
Share
Pin
Sign up to our Enewsletter
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Recent Posts
New insight on the distance some orcas will cover for a quick meal December 9, 2020 Jiji endures long truck journey for CT scan December 8, 2020 Scotland adds four new Marine Protected Areas December 4, 2020
Contact Us Registered Office
Marine Connection
Lime House
Regency Close
Uckfield
East Sussex
TN22 1DS
Phone: 01 667 404  273
Email: info@marineconnection.org
DONATE © 2016 Marine Connection - Charity No. 1062222 : Design: Spiral Pixel : Legal
: Site Map
Home
About Us
Our Work
End Captivity
Cetacean Bycatch
Drive Hunts
Strandings & Rescue
Social / Solitary Cetaceans
Stop Whaling
News
Shop
Clothing, Tote Bags & Art Prints
Face Masks
Jewellery
Lifestyle Giving & Fundraising
Donate
Contact
All rights reserved Marine Connection