http://martylyonsfoundation.org/privacy-policy
The Courage to Wish for More! Donate
Toggle navigation
Who We Are
Our Mission & Vision
Young Professionals Committee
Our History
Marty's Bio
Board of Directors
Chapters
FAQ's
Financials
Wishes
Wish Stories
Events
Get Involved
Donate to Us
Young Professionals
Support Our Annual Events
Planned Giving
Volunteers
Wish Maker
Corporate Donors
News and Media
Press Releases
Gallery
Newsletters
Spotlight Stories
Media Information
Videos
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY & SECURITY STATEMENTTHE MARTY LYONS FOUNDATION, INC.
A 501(c)(3) Domestic Not-For-Profit Corporation
Thank you for visiting The Marty Lyons Foundation, Inc. website located at www.martylyonsfoundation.org (hereinafter the "Web Site"), and for reviewing our Privacy Policy and Security Statement. This Privacy Policy and Security Statement is applicable to our Web Site, as well as to The Marty Lyons Foundation and its affiliated chapters, agencies, subdomains and partners (hereinafter "MLF") as an organization. At MLF we take your right to privacy very seriously. For that reason we have set forth this privacy policy so we can make sure you understand how and why we use the information you give us. Because your privacy is important to us, we provide you with notice and choices about the collection and use of your information. To make this notice easy to find, finks are provided at the bottom of the Web Site homepage and on every page within our Web Site. By visiting www.martylyonsfoundation.com you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy and Security Statement. This policy applies to all users of www.martylyonsfoundation.com, whether or not the user is a MLF active supporter, user, subscriber or casual browser.
Our Privacy Policy and Disclosure of Information
MLF does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about your visit unless required by law to do so. MLF respects the privacy of each and every visitor to our Web Site. We collect a limited amount of information on usage of the Web Site for statistical purposes, in order to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. The information that is provided to us through our Web Site is treated with respect and confidentiality. If you identify yourself by sending us email, we will use this information to respond to your inquiry or request. We may additionally add your e-mail address to our database for future use in connection with direct mailing of relevant and related information. If your do not wish to be included in our database, please Opt-Out (as identified below). For the sake of clarity, MLF may use your personal information to directly market to you or to provide you with information or news about MLF. MLF may provide such personal information to third party service providers that assist MLF in communicating with you and such providers are not permitted to use such personal information for any other purpose. MLF may also use your personal information in connection with your donations, for payment authorization, fraud compliance and risk reduction.
We currently do not use cookies for tracking, content, analysis or any other purpose but we reserve the right to modify this policy by posting an update notice on the Web Site. For this reason, among other reasons, it is important for visitors to review this Privacy Policy and Security Statement each and every time you access the Web Site.
In addition, we do collect your personal information when you voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you (i) register with our Web Site; (ii) donate via our Web Site or via our web donation partner Just Give and American Express; and (iii) when you contact us via email or otherwise. The personal information we collect may include your name, age, mailing address, telephone number, email address, password and payment information. By using our Web Site, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in the within Privacy Policy and Security Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Web Site.
Third-Party Vendors
In addition, for information purposes, our online donation and collection functions are presently handled by a third-party provider, Just Give, an unaffiliated 501(c)(3) corporation and its merchant services provider, American Express. As we do not control these third-party providers, MLF suggests and recommends that you carefully review these respective parties’ own privacy policies. As of the latest update of this Privacy Policy and Security Statement, Just Give’s privacy policy could be located at https://www.justgive.org/about-us/privacy.jsp and American Expres’ privacy policy could be located at https://www.americanexpress.com/us/content/legal-disclosures/online-privacy-statement.html. As such, by visiting our Web Site, you are agreeing to and acknowledging the contents of both the Just Give and American Express privacy policies as well as the within MLF Privacy Policy and Security Statement.
Your Options & Opting Out
Have taken precautions to ensure that this information is safe and secure. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network will be 100% secure. While we take steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information. Upon receiving your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. MLF takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect our users’ private information. When online subscribers enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected with industry standard encryption software.
While we use industry standard encryption software to protect confidential and sensitive information online, we also take commercially reasonable steps to protect your sensitive information offline. All of our users’ information is restricted and password protected at all MLF’s corporate offices. Only individuals who need to know the private information to perform a specific purpose are granted access to this sensitive information. These individuals have agreed to hold such information confidential and to use such information only for the purposes for which that information was provided. Furthermore and in order to further protect access to confidential and sensitive information, MLF maintains its web servers in an environment in which access to such servers is limited to authorized individuals only and subject to a variety of electronic, physical and procedural security measures.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
MLF does not knowingly collect contact or personal information from children under 13. The MLF Web Site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13, and is designed to block our knowing acceptance of any such information. It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under 13. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from our server. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13, please do so by emailing us at mlf_hq@martylyonsfoundation.org
Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Website, you agree that you have reviewed and accept these conditions and limitations regarding the privacy and/or security of any personal information you provide to us. You further acknowledge that you agree to this Privacy Policy and Security Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the MLF Web Site. MLF reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the MLF Web Site following the posting of changes of our Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this privacy Policy and Security Statement and/or the practices of the Web Site or the MLF please feel free to contact us at mlf_hq@martylyonsfoundation.org
UPDATED: September 20, 2018
© 2020 Marty Lyons Foundation | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
Site Development by
ybernet