https://masonicsupply.ca/policies-and-security/
Home
Policies
Policies and Security
Categories
ACCESSORIES
Badges
&
Family Crests
Baseball Caps
Belt Extenders
Bibles
Korans
V.S.L
Bible Markers
Car Decals
Cravat
Neck Ties
Coins
Cuff Links, Shirt Studs & Button Covers
Cuff Links Stud & Button Cover sets
BEST VALUE
Masonic Cuff Links
Shirt Studs
Shirt Button Covers
Scottish &
York Rite Cufflinks
Sets
Gavels
Gloves
Glassware
Graphics and Stickers
Hip Flasks
Key Rings, Money Clips Etc
Jewel Wallets & Mounts
Lapel Pins
Square & Compass Pins
Past Masters Pins
Anniversary Year Lapel Pins
Custom Lodge Lapel Pins
Discreet Masonic Lapel Pins click here
Lodge (Craft)
Lapel Pins
click here
Gold Lapel Pins
Lodge Officer Pins
Widows Broken Colunm Pin
Scottish Rite
click here
York Rite
click here
Shrine
click here
Lodge Stationery
Masonic Face Masks
Masonic Wood
Masonic Orb (Globe)
Masonic Gift and Presentation
Masonic Certificate Frames
Masonic Funeral Urns
Masonic Widows Pin
Minature
Working Tool Sets
Name Badges/ Name Tags
Pens and Sets
Ties, Bow Ties, Belts & Socks
Knives, Swords & Daggers
Tie Clips
Walking Sticks and Canes
APRON CASES
ALL COLLARS AND SASHES
LODGE
TOOLS & ACCESSORIES
Altar Cloths, Banners and Custom Embroidery
Lodge Gavels
Working Tools
Candidates Clothing
CANADIAN LODGE & GRAND LODGE REGALIA & JEWELS
Grand Lodge
Regalia
Grand Lodge
Alberta
Grand Lodge of B.C
Grand Lodge Of Canada Ontario
Grand Lodge of Manitoba
Grand Lodge of New Brunswick
Grand Lodge of Newfoundland & Labrador
Grand Lodge of Nova Scotia
Grand Lodge of P.E.I
Grand Lodge of Quebec
Grand Lodge of Sask
Grand Lodge Jewels
Grand Lodge Breast Jewels
Grand Lodge Collar Jewels
Lodge Aprons
E.A Aprons
Candidates Clothing
Cuffs Gauntlets
Collars
Lodge Officer Breast Jewels
Lodge Officer Collar Jewels
Lewis Jewel
Past Master Jewels
Jewel
Wallets and Mounts
Scottish
Style Aprons
Custom Lodge Aprons
Custom Jewels & Medals
Anniversary Jewels
Apron Parts
Jewel Parts
Regalia Repair & Refurbishing
ORDERS, COUNCILS, CHAPTERS, CONCLAVES
ETC
Allied Masonic Degrees
Cryptic Rite, Royal & Select Masters
Knight Mason
Knight Templars
Knight Templar
Mantles & Caps
Knight Templar Lapel Pins & Accessories
Knight Templar Swords & Belts Etc
Knight Templar Jewels
Knight Templar
Sew On Emblems
Knight Templar Banners
Knight Templar Rings
Knight Templar Watches
Order of the Eastern Star
Order of the Secret Monitor
Royal Ark Mariner
Royal Arch
Chapter Aprons & Regalia
Grand Chapter Aprons,Collars and Sashes
Royal Arch Jewels
Royal Arch Accessories
Royal Arch High Priest
Royal Order of Scotland
Red Cross Of Constantine
Scottish Rite
Scottish Rite Collars
Scottish Rite Aprons
Scottish Rite Sashes
Scottish Rite Jewels
Saint Thomas of Acon
Orange Order Aprons
French Rite/ Memphis
Misraim Rite
European & Other Orders
SHRINE
Shrine accessories
Shrine Fez and Fez accessories
Custom Embroidery, Banners and Crests
MASONIC JEWELRY
Masonic Orb (Globe)
Ear Rings & Studs
Pendants
Gold Lapel Pins
Gold Cufflinks
MASONIC RINGS
Gold Masonic Rings
Silver Masonic Rings
SCOTTISH RITE RING
MASONIC CLOTHING
Masonic Hats
Masonic Hoodies
Masonic Sport Shirts
Masonic Tee Shirts
Ties & Bow Ties
Masonic Cravats
MASONIC WATCHES
Knight Templar Watches
Eastern Star Watches
Shrine Watches
Policies and Security
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
Thank you for visiting Masonic Supply Shop's website. Because we want your stay with us to be enjoyable and secure, Masonic Supply Shop adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your personal identification information (such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number).
Due to the high occurrence of internet and credit card fraud, Masonic Supply Shop reserves the right to hold back orders which are asking for deliveries to be made at different shipping addresses then the credit card billing address.  We will attempt to contact you to confirm your details and if we are not able to make this confirmation to our satisfaction, we reserve the right to cancel and refund orders.  High value items may only be shipped to matching billing and shipping addresses if deemed necessary. Masonic Supply Shop takes these issues seriously to protect ourselves and our customers from the growing incidence of credit card and online fraud.
All transactions on the Masonic Supply Shop website are handled through a secure credit card facility. If you prefer to order in the traditional manner (mail or phone) please click on the Contact Us link on the Navigation Bar for details or e-mail Customer Service at admin@masonicsupplyshop.com
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which MBTS Masonic Supply Shop collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.masonicsupply.ca website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by MBTS Masonic Supply Shop.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an orderfill out a formsubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
MBTS Masonic Supply Shop collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Changes to this privacy policy
MBTS Masonic Supply Shop has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
MBTS Masonic Supply Shop
www.masonicsupply.ca
Unit A, 1102 - 18th St SE High River, AB T1V 2A6 Canada
403-603-3330
info@masonicsupplyshop.com
CREDIT CARD SECURITY
Masonic Supply Shop is committed to making your shopping experience on the Internet as safe and secure as possible. We are concerned about security, and have installed powerful encryption technology through our relationship with Global Payments.  We require that your billing address must match your credit card and that you have a matching CVC code from the back of the credit card.  We do this for our customer’s protection and to avoid any fraudulent credit card use.
COUPON CODES
*All coupon codes are subject to changes and alterations at any time*
PRIVACY OF INFORMATION
Masonic Supply Shop does not sell or rent information about visitors to our site.
No information about individuals will be disclosed without permission from the individuals. If you give permission to Masonic Supply Shop to disclose information, we will keep you informed as to when and to whom the information is being made available. Information that is not necessary to conduct business with you such as where you live, your hobbies or household income will not be asked.
This website contains links to other sites. Masonic Supply Shop is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifiable information.
The Masonic Supply Shop Company will show any customer their complete data profile on demand, (if such a profile ever exists) and make any changes that you request.
The Masonic Supply Shop Company is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. The Masonic Supply Shop Company will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
METHODS OF PAYMENT
We accept VISA, MasterCard, Money Orders, e-transfers and personal cheques through the mail. If you do not want to use your credit card online you can order in the traditional manner (mail or phone). Please click on the Contact Us link on the Navigation Bar for details or e-mail Customer Service.
Masonic Supply Shop reserves the right to cancel or refund any order for any reason we feel is related to an online error or error within our website which may have charged you incorrectly or approved the purchase in error.
RETURNS POLICY
You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund.  Return shipping costs will be covered only if returned by regular post (no rush, priority or courier costs will be covered without previous approval) and if the error is ours.  Custom made items cannot be returned.  No returned merchandise or shipping costs will be refunded without our prior knowledge and consent.You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (6 to 14 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).Shipping
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there may be restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.
When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page. Please note we cannot guarantee shipping times given by transport and courier services (UPS or Fedex, etc.)
We reserve the right to refund, cancel, and review any orders because, in our experience, the shipping you have chosen is not suitable for your item or shipping destination or if there is a security concern. There are some destinations where shipping via the method you have chosen is not guaranteed. In these cases, other shipping options will be offered and payments adjusted as per your confirmation and reply.
We CANNOT GUARANTEE regular mail shipping to any destination sent without a tracking number.  We urge you to choose shipping options with tracking numbers. Please see:
https://www.canadapost.ca/tools/pg/manual/PGdeliverystds-e.asp for more information.
Again, we CANNOT GUARANTEE shipping via regular mail without a tracking number.
Most in-stock items will ship within 1 - 3 business days after your payment has been received and approved. 2 day, air and Overnight shipping may not ship same day depending on the time the order was placed and received. If you need an item urgently, please contact us at 1-855-66MASON (855-666-2766). Orders received after 1PM MST will not be processed until the following business day.  We will insure all items as seen to be necessary at the customers cost.
Awaiting Shipment status: your items are being gathered and/made and will be shipped ASAP.
Please be aware of shipping details on specific items such as rings, which require several weeks for manufacture and ship.
Also custom aprons and regalia are products that can take several weeks to be made and ship.  Engraved items normally are shipped in 4 days however can take up to 7 days.
PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE AN EMAIL IN YOUR CUSTOMER OR SHIPPING DETAILS, WE ARE NOT ABLE TO SEND YOU UPDATES ON YOUR ORDER.
We are a Canadian Company and all shipments are shipped from Calgary Alberta
×