https://masoniccollection.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
ORDER NOW 0800 270 7699 /
024 7644 3469 ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED
Home
» Terms & ConditionsTerms & Conditions
Tweets by masoniccollect
These terms and conditions (“Online Store Terms”) apply to all transactions concluded with you, the customer, when you shop via the Masonic Collection Ltd website (“the Website”) and the online store. Please read them carefully before placing your order and print a copy for your future reference. By registering at the online store you accept and agree to be bound by the Online Store Terms and the terms and conditions of the Website which together shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Masonic Collection Ltd.
Masonic Collection Ltd reserves the right to alter these Online Store Terms from time to time.
References in this document to "the online store" refer to the Masonic Collection Ltd online store at http://www.masoniccollection.co.uk operated by Masonic Collection Ltd.
The Online Store Terms are subject to English Law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. If any Online Store Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that Online Store Term shall be severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining Online Store Terms.
Acceptance of orders
Masonic Collection Ltd are only able to take orders through the online store for delivery to the countries listed on the checkout pages. If the country that you require delivery to is not visible then Masonic Collection Ltd will not be able to process your order.
Masonic Collection Ltd validate your order and credit or debit card details you submit to us before your order can be accepted. Once that has been done, Masonic Collection Ltd will confirm that your order has been received by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you provide in your registration form. Our confirmation of your order brings into existence a legally binding agreement between us.
Masonic Collection Ltd accept all orders for products and services subject to availability and certain security checks.
Masonic Collection Ltd accept payment by most major credit and debit cards. Payment will be debited from your account before the dispatch of your purchase. All credit and debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer and Masonic Collection Ltd.  Masonic Collection Ltd will not be liable for any delays to your order this may cause. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorise payment to us or you fail our security checks, Masonic Collection Ltd will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
Availability of Products
If online store products become temporarily unavailable, Masonic Collection Ltd shall hold your order until Masonic Collection Ltd has the product back in stock and will then mail the product to you in the usual way. In the event that an individual product becomes permanently unavailable then Masonic Collection Ltd will seek to offer you a suitable alternative or give you a full refund.
Colour reproduction
Masonic Collection Ltd has made every effort to reproduce colours in the online store as accurately as possible. However, different computers reproduce colours in slightly different ways, and so exact colour matches are not yet possible over the internet. This means that when you order products from the online store, colours may differ from what you see on the screen. If you are not satisfied with the colour of the product you have ordered, Masonic Collection Ltd operate a returns policy.
Products and Pricing
All product prices include Value Added Tax (“VAT”) where applicable. These may change in line with UK government, Customs and Excise, EU directives, and other legal interpretations issued by relevant authorities.
Import duties and local taxes are NOT included in the quoted price of goods being delivered to outside the EU. You will be responsible for the paying of any and all import duties and local taxes including any administration charges upon receipt.
Masonic Collection Ltd reserve the right to amend any prices without any prior notice and at any time and the right to add or withdraw any product at any time.
Guidance
To the extent that Masonic Collection Ltd are permitted by law to limit our liability to you in connection with any order, that liability will not exceed the total price charged for the relevant product(s).
Your account
If you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Communication
You consent to receive communications from us electronically. You will always have the option to opt-out of future email communications.  This does not affect your statutory rights.
Offers / Vouchers
Any voucher or promotion displayed on the website or offered by us entitles you, at the time of ordering, to a saving on a new order placed with the Company. Details of the minimum spend, including VAT and saving entitlement can be found in your voucher email or promotion information.  The Company reserves the right to refuse redemption of vouchers that have not been issued by an authorised agent of the Company. Vouchers have a cash value of £0.001 and are not transferable or assignable. Only one voucher can be used per order and cannot be used with any other promotion. Vouchers and promotions are redeemable only against the value of goods purchased. They may not be redeemed against pack promotional offers, gift cards or additional services such as delivery charges or gift wrapping. In the event of returns, refunds will be given for cash as used in the original purchase above the value of the voucher or promotion.  In the event of part of the order being returned, the value of the voucher or promotion will be deemed to be spread between the goods proportionately. The sum in cash exceeding this value will be returned to the customer. Where an order is placed on an already discounted item where it clearly states that no discount code or voucher is to be used and the order is subsequently cancelled, an administration charge of £5.00 plus VAT may be applied.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Third Party Web Sites, Goods and Services
Masonic Collection Ltd may provide links to third party web sites that are not affiliated with Masonic Collection Ltd. We make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which we may provide links or any goods or services available from such sites, and no such representations should be inferred or construed whether from such provision or otherwise.
All matters concerning any goods and services that you purchase from a third party site, including, without limitation all contract terms are solely between you and the owner of that site and Masonic Collection Ltd will not be liable for any costs or damages to you or any third party arising directly or indirectly out of any third party website.
Our contact details
Masonic Collection Ltd
18 Central Avenue
Coventry
CV2 4DP
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 24 7644 3469
Continue