https://maxlucado.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Max’s Teaching
All
Blog
Watch
Daily Devotional
Podcast
About
About Max
Vision and Beliefs
FAQs
Contact
Books
Store
Donate
Search
YouTube
Podcast
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email
Skip to content
YouTube
Podcast
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email
For those who are old friends of UpWords Ministries, you probably know how important your privacy is to us. If you are new to UpWords®, let us reassure you of how careful we are with the information that you provide us. As you read further about our privacy policies, we hope they increase your confidence in spending time on our website and shopping with us.
The Information We Collect
UpWords will not share your contact information with any other organization.
Websites commonly store “cookies” in your browser to store bits of information about your visit.
These are typically used to remember if you are logged in, what pages you’ve visited, and/or any preferences you have.
To help us to serve you better, Google Analytics and several other services use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website by the users, compiling reports on the website activity and providing other services relating to the website activity and Internet usage to us.
The information generated by them about the use of this website will generally be transmitted to, and stored on, servers in the United States.
You may prevent the storage of the cookies by using a particular browser setting. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note however that in this case you may not be able to fully use all the functions of this website.
To specifically opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below.
Cookie Name
Description
_ga
Google Analytics – used to distinguish user
_gac
Google Adwords
_gat
Google Analytics – used to differentiate between different tracking objects created in the session.
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
__hj_inclded_in_sample
HotJar
wordpress_*
Tracks WordPress Login
wp-settings-*
Tracks user settings information
E-Mail Addresses
UpWords Ministries only sends out email devotionals, news or events related to Max Lucado or information regarding new products from Max. If you prefer not to receive emails from us, please send an e-mail to info@maxlucado.com with your request. You can also opt out or unsubscribe to the weekly email devotional at any time by following the instructions near the bottom of the email.
Postal Addresses
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive, on rare occasions, mailings from us with information about new products, services, or ways you can support the ongoing ministry of UpWords. If you prefer not to receive such mailings, please send us a quick email to info@maxlucado.com.
Telephone Numbers
UpWords does not solicit via telephone. Unless you request a telephone call from us or UpWords has a question about an order that you have placed, you will not hear from us via telephone.
Credit Card Information
Information taken online via credit card is encrypted and secure via our payment processor. We do not store credit card information on our servers.
We are very confident about your security when submitting your credit card information through our website. We believe you can share in this confidence.
Children
Because UpWords is a Christian ministry, materials that we sell, email, post on our website or give away are suitable for any age.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This website may link to third-party websites that are outside our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by such other websites, applications, or other services or by your Internet access provider or other similar providers. You should exercise caution, and review the privacy and website policies applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.
Your Rights
In the EU, you have the right to access your information and to request that your information be rectified and deleted. If you want to exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion or objection or withdraw consent that you have given, you can send an email to webmanager@maxlucado.com.
Request to be Removed
Request Rectification
Request Access to Your Data
Subscribe
Sign up to receive weekday devotional emails & ministry updates from Max
Email Address
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
We respect your privacy.
UpWords, The Teaching Ministry of Max Lucado, has the sole purpose of encouraging others to take one step closer to Jesus Christ. UpWords is a 501c3 Non-Profit organization. All donations are tax-deductible.
UpWordsPO Box 692170San Antonio, TX 78269-2170info@maxlucado.com
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and analyze site traffic. By continuing to use this site you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset