https://maxlucado.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Max’s Teaching
All
Blog
Watch
Daily Devotional
Podcast
About
About Max
Vision and Beliefs
FAQs
Contact
Books
Store
Donate
Search
YouTube
Podcast
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email
Skip to content
YouTube
Podcast
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email
Copyright
All Web site design, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software is Copyright (c) 1999-2013 MaxLucado.com, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this Web site is the exclusive property of MaxLucado.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of MaxLucado.com and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Any other use of materials on this Web site — including reproduction for purposes other than those permitted above, modification, distribution, republishing, transmission, display or performance — without the prior written permission of MaxLucado.com is strictly prohibited.
Third Party Content
Max Lucado.com may provide content of third parties (“Third Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information. Max Lucado.com does not monitor, approve or have any control over any Third Party Content. Max Lucado.com does not guarantee, endorse or adopt the accuracy or completeness of any Third Party Content. Max Lucado.com is not responsible for updating or reviewing Third Party Content. You use Third Party Content at your own risk.
Trademarks
MaxLucado.com, and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of MaxLucado.com and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by MaxLucado.com in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits MaxLucado.com. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
MaxLucado.com is providing this site and its contents on an “as is” basis and makes no representation or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to the operation of this site, this information, content, materials or products, included on this site. To the fullest extent permitted by law, MaxLucado.com does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. MaxLucado.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of this website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property, and claims of third parties.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by MaxLucado.com in the State of Texas, U.S.A. As such, the laws of the State of Texas will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles or conflict of law. MaxLucado.com reserves the right to make changes to its Website and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
Our Address
UpWords®
PO Box 692170
San Antonio, TX 78269-2170
info@maxlucado.com
Quoting Max
Want to reprint an article by Max Lucado in your church bulletin or newsletter, for your friends or Bible class content, etc.? Under normal circumstances, copyright laws do not allow for the duplication and distribution of copyrighted material. However, if your intent is to copy excerpted content from MaxLucado.com or from an email from this ministry, you may do so on an occasional basis (2-3 times per month) as long as your use is in a not-for-profit environment. Also, we ask the following considerations:
Any material by Max Lucado shall be used in its original format, unedited.
You must include an attribution line that states the following information:
[Source Book Title]
Copyright [Publisher, Copyright date] Max Lucado
Used by permission
If you need the above information to provide proper attribution, please contact us at info@maxlucado.com. Also, we would like to be made aware of your intent and the extent of use.
Posting content from Max
You may post an article from MaxLucado.com or Max Lucado on occasion (2-3 times per month), but we ask you to please observe the following considerations:
Clearly state the content is by Max Lucado. Cite source book; publisher & date as included in the excerpted content.
Do not alter, revise, or edit the wording in any way.
Link to the article on www.maxlucado.com.
We ask you not to repost Max’s devotional content on a daily basis; that is to say, no more than the permitted 2-3 times per month which would be considered occasional. Also, please do not use language that portrays an endorsement by Max or presents him as a featured contributor to your website unless you have a signed agreement with Max or his publisher. Please understand these guidelines are to protect copyrighted material from being widely distributed without the publisher’s or Max Lucado’s knowledge and consent. Thank you.
Quoting Max Lucado’s work in your own writing
UpWords® Ministries does not hold the copyright for Max Lucado’s books. Your request for permission must be directed to its respective publisher of the book in which you are interested. The same applies to requests to translate, adapt, or create a derivative work based on one of Max’s trade books. Permission must be requested to quote from one of Max’s books, translate into another language, adapt into a dramatic work or any other derivative work.
Subscribe
Sign up to receive weekday devotional emails & ministry updates from Max
Email Address
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
We respect your privacy.
UpWords, The Teaching Ministry of Max Lucado, has the sole purpose of encouraging others to take one step closer to Jesus Christ. UpWords is a 501c3 Non-Profit organization. All donations are tax-deductible.
UpWordsPO Box 692170San Antonio, TX 78269-2170info@maxlucado.com
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and analyze site traffic. By continuing to use this site you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset