https://mccrarylaw.com/privacy/
Legal Disclosures & Privacy Policy
DisclaimerDO NOT use the supplied e-mail interface to send any privileged or confidential information. Internet messages can be intercepted. Further, we cannot agree to maintain the confidentiality of information that we receive outside of an attorney-client relationship.No communication between you and The Law Office of Dustin S. McCrary, PLLC (“The Firm”) via this website should be interpreted as establishing an attorney-client relationship. The Firm must observe certain formalities before agreeing to represent anyone in a particular matter.No attorney-client relationship will be formed by sending an e-mail and you should not transmit confidential information through any contact form on this site. If you are contacting us about potential representation, please limit the initial message to your name, the names of the other persons or entities involved, and a brief description of the type of case or matter. By clicking ‘accept’ on our email form, you further agree that our review of any information you transmit to us will not preclude our firm from representing a party directly adverse to you and from using this information, even if the information is confidential.Our duties to our existing and former clients require us, before assuming any new matters, to determine whether or not we may represent or advise you in light of any actual or potential conflicts with our existing or former clients or duties that the firm may owe. Until those prerequisites are completed, you should not consider any communications with us by letter, facsimile transmission, telephone, Internet, e-mail or otherwise as privileged or confidential, or protected by attorney-client confidentiality.Not Legal AdviceThe information in this website is provided as a general reference work as a public service. The reader is advised to check for changes to current law and to consult with a qualified attorney on any legal issue. Because the information posted on this website is prepared for a general audience, without investigation into the facts of each particular case, it is not legal advice.  The thoughts and commentary about the law contained on this site is provided as a service to the community, and does not constitute solicitation or provision of legal advice.While we endeavor to provide accurate information at this website, we cannot guarantee that the information provided here (or linked to from this site) is accurate, complete, or adequate. We provide this general legal information on an “as-is” basis. We make no warranties and disclaim liability for damages resulting from its use. Legal advice must be tailored to the specific circumstances of each case, and laws are constantly changing, so nothing provided at this site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent counsel. Hiring an attorney is a personal decision that should be made with great thought and research on your part.The material in this website may be considered advertising under applicable rules.Privacy Policy StatementThe Law Office of Dustin S. McCrary, PLLC values the privacy of its clients and Web site viewers. Including but not limited to any of the following personal information that may be made available to the lawyer or firm when browsing or navigating the site shall be kept confidential, except as specifically noted in the Disclaimer above:First and last nameCompany, home, postal or other physical addressOther contact information, for example, telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar informationTitle or position in a company or an organizationOccupationIndustryPersonal interestsAny other information needed to provide a service you requested.Examples of scenarios where our visitors provide their personal information include, but may not be limited, to:Emailing, calling or communicating with the lawyer or law firm.Completing Online Questionnaires.Posting a question or comment through the site.Requesting literature.Registering to attend a seminar or any event.Participating in an online survey.Requesting inclusion in a newsletter subscription, email or other mailing list.Any other business-related reason.The Firm provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. The Firm will inform you of the purpose for the collection and does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information, within the law firm or to a third party service provider as necessary.This website contains links to other websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy policy of third party websites.Domain Traffic Information CollectionThe Firm collects domain visitor information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to determine information most relevant to you by becoming more familiar with how you visit our site, how often you visit, and what parts of the site you visit most often. The Firm uses this information to improve its Web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.We collect information through this web site at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors: referring domain, date of access, pages visited, and other statistical data. We collect this information through clickstream tracking, automatic logging files, Google Analytics and so on. The information is collected automatically and no user input is required.Information Sharing and DisclosureYour personal information is never shared outside the firm without your permission, except under conditions listed below:Consenting to share your information to a third party service provider working on our behalf to serve you.Requiring us to provide you with a product or service.The Law Office of Dustin S. McCrary, PLLC will also disclose your personal information, if required to do so by law, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our sites.How We Use CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Internet SecurityThe Firm strives to protect your personal information. However, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often and use a combination of different types of characters when creating accounts on this site.Changes to this Privacy PolicyThe Firm reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at the contact information on the site.
TAKE THE NEXT STEPWhen a marriage ends, it is never easy. It can feel like there are a million things to consider — from the practical decisions about property and finances to the emotional heartbreak of ending a relationship.Don't worry, we're here to help.
Let's Get Started
Let's Get Started
Let's Get Started
STATESVILLE, NCDivorce Lawyer 102 W Broad StStatesville, NC  28677 (704) 380-0456
MOORESVILLE, NCDivorce Lawyer 106 Langtree Village DrSuite 301Mooresville, NC. 28117(704) 593-6688
Hickory, NCDivorce Lawyer 520 8th Street NESuite #108Hickory, NC 28601(828) 459-6464
Lenoir, NCDivorce Lawyer 118 Main St NWLenoir, NC, 28645(828) 221-2999
FollowFollowFollowFollow Attorney ProfileWhat We DoTestimonials
© 2019 The Law Office of Dustin S. McCrary, PLLC | Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy | The material in this website may be considered advertising under applicable rules.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok