http://mchumane.org/who-we-are/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Montgomery County Humane Society (MCHS) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Federal Tax ID #52-6044968. The MCHS Privacy Policy applies to our website (mchumane.org), social media pages, membership and donations database. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your personal information
In order to better provide you with services offered on our website, MCHS may collect personal information, including:
First and last name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Phone number
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personal information or personally sensitive data through MCHS’s social media channels (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), this information may be collected and used by other agencies.
Use of your personal information
MCHS collects and uses your personal information to inform you of other services we offer or events we are planning. We may also send donation appeals via postal mail or email.
Sharing information with third parties
Your name and mailing address may be shared with the acknowledgee of an honor/memory gift so that they may add their thanks to ours.
MCHS does not sell, rent, or share its membership list with any other organizations or individuals with the exception of trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, process payments or provide other support. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to MCHS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
MCHS may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MCHS; or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MCHS.
Links
The MCHS website and email communications contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for their content or privacy practices. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
E-mail communications
MCHS contacts our supporters and followers via email for the purpose of providing announcements, detailing upcoming events, and/or general communication. In order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from MCHS or click on a link therein. If you would like to stop receiving communications via email from MCHS, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE link at the bottom of each message.
Changes to this statement
MCHS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of the site and/or information available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact information
MCHS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. Questions or comments may be directed to:
The Montgomery County Humane Society
601 S. Stonestreet Ave.
Rockville, MD 20850-4131
mchs@mchumane.org
This website uses cookies to improve your interactive experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.