http://mchumane.org/how-to-help/donate/
Donate
MCHS is supported solely with donations and revenue from its private programs.
Every donation is important to our work for homeless animals, and we are grateful for your support.
Here’s how your donation will help:
$50 provides 5 rabies vaccinations
$75 pays for 10 heartworm tests
$100 covers the cost of up to two transports
$250 covers spay/neuter costs for up to 4 cats or 2 dogs
$500 to $1000 or more helps to pay for surgeries and treatments for animals with more severe conditions
Please check the box on the PayPal screen that says “Share my mailing address with Montgomery County Humane Society” so we can mail you a 2019 tax receipt.  Thank you again!
By donating to MCHS, you will receive email updates from us. You may unsubscribe at any time.
You may also follow these links to make other types of donations:
Tribute in honor or memory of pet, person or event
Employer match donation
If you have questions about your cash, check, credit card or PayPal donation, please contact donations@mchumane.org or call (240) 547-3668.
The Montgomery County Humane Society is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law.
MCHS does not sell, rent, or share its list of donors with any other organizations or individuals.
Federal Tax ID #52-6044968
Combined Federal Campaign #54823
Montgomery Alliance #M157
This website uses cookies to improve your interactive experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.