http://mcifp.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
General
The information provided on this site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. In the absence of such regulation or law, the information contained herein may be used for non-commercial, personal or educational purposes. The contents of the Interfaith Food Pantry (“IFP”) web site on the Internet are nevertheless protected by applicable copyright laws. No permission is granted to copy, distribute, modify, post or frame any text, graphics, video, audio, software code or user interface design or logos.
Donor Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Our Donors
Information collected from our donors may include your name, specifics about your donation, and your mailing, physical and/or email address and phone number.  This information is used strictly  for Interfaith Food Pantry purposes and communications.  We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.  Unless requested that your donation remain anonymous, your name and donation amount may appear in our Annual Report, our Annual Giving Tree or on our website. We honor all requests to remain anonymous.
This policy applies to all information received by the Interfaith food Pantry, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes the Interfaith Food Pantry website and mobile applications as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.)
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.  Please note information provided to Network For Good (Donate Now) when making online donations are covered by the NFG privacy policy information found here:http://www1.networkforgood.org/privacy
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail or email to our donors.  You can opt-out of our email distribution by clicking the link at the bottom of every email communication.  To be removed from our mailing list, please contact us  interfaithfoodpantry@mcifp.org  or call 973-538-8049.
Links
Should the viewer leave this site via a link contained herein, and view content that is not provided by IFP, the viewer does so at his own risk. The content to which you link will not have been developed, checked for accuracy, or otherwise reviewed by IFP. IFP is not responsible for damages or losses caused by any delays, defects or omissions that may exist in the services, information or other content provided in such site, whether actual, alleged, consequential or punitive. IFP makes no guarantees or representations as to, and shall have no liability for, any electronic content delivered by any third party, including without limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness of any electronic content. All other trademarks cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
The information on this site is provided “AS IS.” IFP does not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressly or impliedly, for any particular purpose and expressly disclaims any warranties of merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose. IFP will not be responsible for any loss or damage that could result from interception by third parties of any information made available to you via this site. Although the information provided to you on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, IFP cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness or completeness of any information or data made available to you for any particular purpose. Neither IFP, nor any of its sponsors, directors, officers, trustees, employees, or volunteers will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this site, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this site, or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other clause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of the site or these materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of IFP. In no event will IFP or any related party be liable to you for any direct, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages of any kind even if IFP or any other party have been advised of the possibility thereof.
First Published 2/4/2015, Last Updated 6/6/2016
Donate Now
Most Visited PagesLearn More About Donating
Need Food? We Can Help
Learn More About Hunger
How to Help
News and Events
IFPN Volunteer Recognition
Read Feed Run
VIRTUAL FOOD DRIVE
Thanksgiving 2020
“Wine of the Week” Raffle
Please activate some widgets in Sidebar Left.