https://meadowridgebiblechapel.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:
Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel ("Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel") operates MeadowRidgeBibleChapel.org and may operate other websites. It is Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's visitors use its website. From time to time, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on MeadowRidgeBibleChapel.org blogs/sites. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's websites choose to interact with Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel in ways that require Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at MeadowRidgeBibleChapel.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's behalf or to provide services available at Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel website and have supplied your email address, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel uses cookies to help Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel identify and track visitors, their usage of Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel website, and their website access preferences. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel's sole discretion. Meadow Ridge Bible Chapel encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a MeadowRidgeBibleChapel.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.