https://meanings.crystalsandjewelry.com/terms-privacy/
HomeCrystalsA to Z of Crystal MeaningsThe BirthstonesUses for CrystalsThe ChakrasSpritual AdviceWisdom Store
Search
Search for:
Search
Menu
Search
Search for:
SearchTerms and ConditionsLast updated: April 02, 2020Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.Interpretation and DefinitionsInterpretationThe words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.DefinitionsFor the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to gorillabrands UG, Bretonischer Ring 15, 85630 Grasbrunn.Country refers to: Bavaria, GermanyGoods refer to the items offered for sale on the Service.Orders mean a request by You to purchase Goods from Us.Service refers to the Website.Terms and Conditions (also referred as “Terms”) mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.Website refers to CrystalsandJewelry.com, accessible from crystalsandjewelry.comYou means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.AcknowledgementThese are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.Placing Orders for GoodsBy placing an Order for Goods through the Service, You warrant that You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.Your InformationIf You wish to place an Order for Goods available on the Service, You may be asked to supply certain information relevant to Your Order including, without limitation, Your name, Your email, Your phone number, Your credit card number, the expiration date of Your credit card, Your billing address, and Your shipping information.You represent and warrant that: (i) You have the legal right to use any credit or debit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Order; and that (ii) the information You supply to us is true, correct and complete.By submitting such information, You grant us the right to provide the information to payment processing third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Your Order.Order CancellationWe reserve the right to refuse or cancel Your Order at any time for certain reasons including but not limited to:Goods availabilityErrors in the description or prices for GoodsErrors in Your OrderWe reserve the right to refuse or cancel Your Order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.Your Order Cancellation RightsAny Goods you purchase can only be returned in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and Our Returns Policy.Our Returns Policy forms a part of these Terms and Conditions. Please read our Returns Policy to learn more about your right to cancel Your Order.Your right to cancel an Order only applies to Goods that are returned in the same condition as You received them. You should also include all of the products instructions, documents and wrappings. Goods that are damaged or not in the same condition as You received them or which are worn simply beyond opening the original packaging will not be refunded. You should therefore take reasonable care of the purchased Goods while they are in Your possession.We will reimburse You no later than 14 days from the day on which We receive the returned Goods. We will use the same means of payment as You used for the Order, and You will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.You will not have any right to cancel an Order for the supply of any of the following Goods:The supply of Goods made to Your specifications or clearly personalized.The supply of Goods which according to their nature are not suitable to be returned, deteriorate rapidly or where the date of expiry is over.The supply of Goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons and were unsealed after delivery.The supply of Goods which are, after delivery, according to their nature, inseparably mixed with other items.The supply of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium if the performance has begun with Your prior express consent and You have acknowledged Your loss of cancellation right.Availability, Errors and InaccuraciesWe are constantly updating Our offerings of Goods on the Service. The Goods available on Our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and We may experience delays in updating information regarding our Goods on the Service and in Our advertising on other websites.We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.Prices PolicyThe Company reserves the right to revise its prices at any time prior to accepting an Order.The prices quoted may be revised by the Company subsequent to accepting an Order in the event of any occurrence affecting delivery caused by government action, variation in customs duties, increased shipping charges, higher foreign exchange costs and any other matter beyond the control of the Company. In that event, You will have the right to cancel Your Order.PaymentsAll Goods purchased are subject to a one-time payment. Payment can be made through various payment methods we have available, such as Visa, MasterCard, Affinity Card, American Express cards or online payment methods (PayPal, for example).Payment cards (credit cards or debit cards) are subject to validation checks and authorization by Your card issuer. If we do not receive the required authorization, We will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery of Your Order.Links to Other WebsitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.Limitation of LiabilityNotwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven’t purchased anything through the Service.To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party’s liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.“AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” DisclaimerThe Service is provided to You “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company’s provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.Governing LawThe laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.Disputes ResolutionIf You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.For European Union (EU) UsersIf You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident in.United States Legal ComplianceYou represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.Severability and WaiverSeverabilityIf any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.WaiverExcept as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.Translation InterpretationThese Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.Changes to These Terms and ConditionsWe reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:By email: [email protected]By visiting this page on our website: https://meanings.crystalsandjewelry.com/contact/Commenting Policy at https://meanings.crystalsandjewelry.com/comment-policy is incorporated as part of these terms.Crystal meanings, metaphysical and spiritual healing lore is a spiritual help to healing, for inspiration, folklore, entertainment and reference only. It is not intended as prescription, diagnosis or medical advice. We would be devastated if someone got hurt or was ill because they read the lore on this site and decided to give up healthcare because of it. See your doctor or other qualified healthcare practitioner about all injuries, illness or other health related issues!By using this site and associated materials, accessing this crystal meanings and spiritual healing lore information, and/or purchasing items from CrystalsAndJewelry.com, you acknowledge and agree that you personally assume responsibility for your use or misuse of this lore, and hold harmless CrystalsAndJewelry.com its owner, contractors, and service providers.Privacy
policyThis
privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how gorillabrands UG
(haftungsbeschränkt) (“gorillabrands UG (haftungsbeschränkt)”,
“we”, “us” or “our”) collects, protects and uses
the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you
(“User”, “you” or “your”) may provide on the
crystalsandjewelry.com website and any of its products or services
(collectively, “Website” or “Services”).It also
describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal
Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy
does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or
to individuals that we do not employ or manage.Automatic
collection of informationOur top
priority is customer data security and, as such, we exercise the no logs
policy. We process only minimal user data, only as much as it is absolutely
necessary to maintain the Website or Services. Information collected
automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish
statistical information regarding Website usage. This statistical information
is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular
user of the system.Collection
of personal informationYou can
visit the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information
by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If,
however, you wish to use some of the Website’s features, you will be asked to
provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail
address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when
you fill any online forms on the Website.
When required, this information may include any materials you willingly
submit to us such as articles, images, feedback, etc.You can
choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but then you may not
be able to take advantage of some of the Website’s features. Users who are
uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.Storing
personal informationWe will
retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply
with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements unless
a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may use any
aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after
you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you
personally. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be
deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to
rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the
expiration of the retention period.Use and
processing of collected informationIn order to
make our Website and Services available to you, or to meet a legal obligation,
we need to collect and use certain Personal Information. If you do not provide
the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the
requested products or services. Some of the information we collect is directly
from you via our Website. However, we may also collect Personal Information
about you from other sources. Any of the information we collect from you may be
used for the following purposes:– Improve
products and services– Respond
to inquiries and offer support– Improve
user experience– Deliver
targeted advertising– Enforce
terms and conditions and policies– Protect
from abuse and malicious users– Respond
to legal requests and prevent harm– Run and
operate our Website and ServicesProcessing
your Personal Information depends on how you interact with our Website, where
you are located in the world and if one of the following applies: (i) You have
given your consent for one or more specific purposes. This, however, does not
apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to California
Consumer Privacy Act or European data protection law; (ii) Provision of
information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or
for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; (iii) Processing is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) Processing is
related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise
of official authority vested in us; (v) Processing is necessary for the
purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. Note that under some legislations we may be
allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting
out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal
bases below. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis
that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of
Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a
requirement necessary to enter into a contract.Information
transfer and storageDepending
on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your
information in a country other than your own. You are entitled to learn about
the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European
Union or to any international organization governed by public international law
or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security
measures taken by us to safeguard your information. If any such transfer takes
place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document
or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.The rights
of usersYou may
exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In
particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to
withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing
of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of
your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than
consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by
us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a
copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right to
verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or
corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the
processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your
information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi) you have the right,
under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information
from us; (vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured,
commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have
it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is
applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and
that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part
of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.The right
to object to processingWhere
Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the exercise of
an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate
interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a
ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. You must
know that, however, should your Personal Information be processed for direct
marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any time without
providing any justification. To learn, whether we are processing Personal
Information for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant
sections of this document.How to
exercise these rightsAny
requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the
contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free
of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible.California
privacy rightsIn addition
to the rights as explained in this Privacy Policy, California residents who
provide Personal Information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or
services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and
obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the Personal
Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If
applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal
Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we
shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g.,
requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior
year). To obtain this information please contact us.Privacy of
childrenWe do not
knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information
through our Website or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to
monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by
instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our
Website or Service without their permission.If you have
reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal
Information to us through our Website or Service, please contact us. You must
also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your Personal
Information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or
guardian to do so on your behalf).CookiesThe Website
uses “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie
is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies
cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are
uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain
that issued the cookie to you.We may use
cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to
operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline
cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. To learn more
about cookies and how to manage them, visit internetcookies.orgDo Not
Track signalsSome
browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit
that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Tracking is not the
same as using or collecting information in connection with a website. For these
purposes, tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information
from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across
different websites over time. Our Website does not track its visitors over time
and across third party websites. However, some third party sites may keep track
of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to
tailor what they present to you.AdvertisementWe may
display online advertisements and we may share aggregated and non-identifying
information about our customers that we collect through the registration
process or through online surveys and promotions with certain advertisers. We
do not share personally identifiable information about individual customers
with advertisers. In some instances, we may use this aggregated and
non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements to the intended
audience.Mediavine Programmatic AdvertisingThe Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.Mediavine partners with the following data processors:Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers’; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.Centro, Inc. – You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.33Across, Inc. – You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.Conversant. LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.AffiliatesWe may
disclose information about you to our affiliates for the purpose of being able
to offer you related or additional products and services. Any information
relating to you that we provide to our affiliates will be treated by those
affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.Links to
other websitesOur Website
contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please
be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
websites or third-parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our
Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may
collect Personal Information.Information
securityWe secure
information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure
environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We
maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an
effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and
disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data
transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you
acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet
which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any
and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be
guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered
with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.Data breachIn the
event we become aware that the security of the Website has been compromised or
users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a
result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or
fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including,
but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and
cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we
will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that
there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if
notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will post a notice on the
Website, send you an email.Legal
disclosureWe will
disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by
law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we
believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights,
protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a
government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a
merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its
assets, your user account, and Personal Information will likely be among the
assets transferred.Changes and
amendmentsWe may
update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify
you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information.
When changes are made, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this
page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such
as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this
Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised
Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Website or
Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other
act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.
However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Data in a manner
materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Data was
collected.Acceptance
of this policyYou
acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and
conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this
Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not
authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.Contacting
usIf you
would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to
contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your
Personal Information, you may do so via the contact form or send an email to
[email protected]This
document was last updated on March 17, 2020Want to stay up-to-date? Subscribe to our newsletter!First name or full name
Email
Support us on Patreon and get personal crystal advice!First name or full name
Email
OUR VISIONCrystalsAndJewelry.com has been designed to be the definitive resource for all things related to crystals.Since 2012 CrystalsAndJewelry.com has been the fastest growing collection expert articles, media and information on the powers of crystals and their meanings.So take some time and explore to find your perfect crystal and remember to like and share any content that you feel a connection with.A REMINDERPlease remember, although the powers of crystals and stones are well documented and have been proven to help bring positivity into people’s lives they are never a substitute for medical advice.If you have concerns about your physical or mental health then you should immediately contact a qualified medical professional.Love and Light!The Complete A to Z of Crystal MeaningsAbout CrystalsAndJewelry.comTerms and Privacy PolicyCrystalsandJewelry.com FAQContact UsComment PolicySite Map© 2020 crystalsandjewelry.com | We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Back to Top
CloseHomeCrystalsA to Z of Crystal MeaningsThe BirthstonesUses for CrystalsThe ChakrasSpritual AdviceWisdom Store
Search for:
Search
CloseAdd to Collection
Add new or search
Public collection titlePrivate collection titleNo CollectionsHere you'll find all collections you've created before.