https://meditatenorthwales.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policynktkadampabuddhist2018-06-21T14:57:37+00:00
Updated Date: 21/06/2018
This Privacy Notice tells you what to expect when the Kalpa Bhadra Kadampa Buddhist Centre charity collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
How we use your information
Visitors to our websites
Use of cookies
E-newsletter
Security and performance
People who use our online booking system
People who submit a volunteering application
Photos / Recordings taking during events or day visits to Kalpa Bhadra Kapampa Buddhist Centre
Emailing us
How long we keep your information
Who do we share your information with
Where we hold and process your personal data
Links to other websites
Access to and amending your personal information
Your rights
Changes to this privacy notice
What you can do
How to contact us
How we use your information
Visitors to our websites
Use of cookies by the Kalpa Bhadra Centre
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page.
E-newsletter
The Kalpa Bhadra Centre uses a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. Statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs help us to monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
Security and performance
The Kalpa Bhadra Centre uses Wordpress platform security services to help maintain the security and performance of the meditatenorthwales.com website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the meditatenorthwales.com website.
People who use our online booking system
Information collected and processed is necessary to manage and administer your booking, and to facilitate event planning. We may contact you via email or phone regarding your booking. We may also send you e-newsletters with information about the event you have booked for, or future events.
We use a third party provider, Ticket Tailor, to process payment information. For more information please see Ticket Tailor’s Privacy Policy.
People who submit a Volunteering Visitor application
Information collected and processed is necessary to manage and administer your application and your actual volunteering visit experience. We may contact you via email or phone regarding your application. The information collected is stored secured locally on-site and is held on records on a need to know basis.
Photos taken during events or day visits to Kalpa Bhadra Kadampa Meditation Centre
Images may be captured during events organised and hosted by the Kalpa Bhadra Kadampa Meditation Centre using film photography, digital photography, video or other medium and may be used on the website, event publicity or brochures, other publicity material (such as internal and external newsletters), and may be provided to the media for publication in local or national newspapers or magazines and other resources. Kalpa Bhadra Kadampa acknowledges its responsibilities in capturing images by photography or other means under applicable law.
Emailing us
Transport Layer Security (TLS) is used to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government standards. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
How long we keep your information
Your information will be retained for a period of 6 years plus the current year, for statutory record keeping purposes. After this time, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it for longer, your personal information will be deleted or, where data is required for statistical purposes, anonymised.
Your information used for marketing purposes will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Who do we share your information with
We may share your personal data with any service providers, sub-contractors and agents that we may appoint to perform functions on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions, including payment providers, event ticketing providers, email communication providers, IT service providers, accountants, auditors and lawyers.
Under certain circumstances we may have to disclose your personal data under applicable laws and/or regulations, for example, as part of anti-money laundering processes or protect a third party’s rights, property, or safety.
Where we hold and process your personal data
Locally collected physical documentation and copies of personal data will be stored locally on UK premises.
Due to the nature of the internet, the cloud and internet based servers however some or all of your personal information including that collected via our website, email, and through third party service providers such as email providers, website hosting companies, booking agents, and mailing list managers etc. may be stored or transferred outside of the United Kingdom (the UK) and European Union (the EU) for any reason.
If we are required or need to transfer your personal data we shall only transfer it to organisations that provide sufficient safeguards to protect your personal data.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 21 June 2018.
Access to and amending your personal information
You may ask us to correct or remove information that we hold on you. Please contact us using the details below.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and The Data Protection Act 2018 you have a number of rights with regards to your personal information.
You have the following rights:
– The right to be informed
– The right of access
– The right of rectification
– The right to erasure
– The right to restrict processing
– The right to data portability
– The right to object
– Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
What you can do
If you are not satisfied with how we have dealt with your query, you may raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office ico.org.uk
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at info@meditatenorthwales.com or write to:
Kalpa Bhadra Kadampa Buddhist Centre,
34 Mostyn Avenue,
Craig-y-Don,
Llandudno
LL30 1YY
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: