http://meditationincheshire.org/privacy-policy/
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Odiyana Kadampa Meditation Centre (KMC) collects personal information.  Please see below for what this information applies to.
How we use your information
Visitors to our websites
Use of cookies by Odiyana KMC
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page.
E-newsletter
Odiyana KMC uses a third party provider, Vertival Response, to deliver our e-newsletters. Statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs help us to monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Vertical Response privacy notice.
Security and performance
Odiyana KMC uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the meditationincheshire.org website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the meditationincheshire.org website.
People who use our online booking system
Information collected and processed is necessary to manage and administer your booking, and to facilitate event planning. We may contact you via email regarding your booking. We may also send you e-newsletters with information about the event you have booked for, or future events.
We use a third party provider, Paypal, to process payment information. For more information please see https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev
Photos taken during events or day visits to Odiyana Kadampa Meditation Centre
Images may be captured during events organised and hosted by Odiyana KMC using film photography, digital photography, video or other medium and may be used on the website, event publicity or brochures, other publicity material (such as internal and external newsletters), and may be provided to the media for publication in local or national newspapers or magazines and other resources. Odiyana KMC acknowledges its responsibilities in capturing images by photography or other means under applicable law.
People who email us
Transport Layer Security (TLS) is used to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government standards. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
How long we keep your information
Your information will be retained for a period of 6 years plus the current year, for statutory record keeping purposes. After this time, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it for longer, your personal information will be deleted or, where data is required for statistical purposes, anonymised.
Your information used for marketing purposes will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 24 May 2018.
Access to and amending your personal information
You may ask us to correct or remove information that we hold on you. Please contact us using the details below.
What you can do
If you are not satisfied with how we have dealt with your query, you may raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office ico.org.uk
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at info@meditationincheshire.org or write to:
Odiyana KMC
163 Chester Road, Northwich, Cheshire CW8 4AG
UK registered charity (1080512 (England)).