https://mediationpath.com/privacy-policy.html
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
About
Services
What is Mediation?
How To Choose A Mediator?
Workplace/Business
Family Mediation
Divorce Mediation
Elder Mediation
FAQ
Contact
Free Consultation
Return to Content
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Mediation Path respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Mediation Path’s Web site.
Part I. Information Collection
Mediation Path collects information through our Web site at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors: Name, Company name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Web address & Descriptions of business issues. We may also collect usage data through Google analytics and information which our customers divulge about other people [such as referrals or gift purchases]. Mediation Path does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information. We collect demographic data in order to help us in our own marketing efforts. We verify the accuracy of this information by using Google analytics. We collect this information through a quote request & contact form, Google analytics tracking and word of mouth or email.
Part II. Information Usage
The information collected by Mediation Path will be used for marketing purposes. Users who provide information may receive an email, phone call or opt-in email for a newsletter. The information we collect will not be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We may share data with the following third parties: Anyone involved in the consulting, creation or maintenance of the services we provide. These third parties will use the information as follows: For the consulting, creation and maintenance of the services we provide. We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours. Our Web site may offer forums or message boards. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
Part III. Access to Information
Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find. Users may delete their information from our database by letting us know through email or phone contact.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Mediation Path by email or phone. We are committed to resolving disputes within a reasonable time frame.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Mediation Path protects user information with the following security measures: secure password protected servers, firewalls and other technology and procedures used to protect consumer privacy. Users may delete their information from our database by letting us know through email or phone contact and it will be deleted immediately after the message is received.
E-mail: marty@MediationPath.com
Mediation Path: Creating Pathways to Resolution
480.694.2273
Online Mediation Available
Mediation Path
1820 East Ray Road
Chandler, AZ 85225
marty@mediationpath.com
Mediation That Gets Results
What is Mediation?
Workplace/Business Mediation
Family Mediation
Divorce Mediation
Elder Mediation