https://meditateinkent.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Jampel Kadampa Buddhist Centre is a UK Registered Charity (RCN: 1071837). Jampel Kadampa Buddhist Centre is committed to protecting the privacy and security of individuals who visit meditateinkent.com (the “Site”).
Purpose of this Policy
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you as to what information may be collected from you when visiting the Site, how such information will be used, your choices regarding the collection, use and distribution of such information, your ability to edit, update, correct or delete such information and the security procedures that we have implemented to protect your privacy. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We will update this policy at least annually and changes will be published on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2019.
How do we collect information from you?
Information is obtained when you use our website, for example when signing up to our Newsletter. Information may also be collected when not using these features, as described below.
What information do we collect from you?
This includes information you provide:
When signing up to our newsletter. We use Vertical Response for our Newsletters. Vertical Response Privacy Policy.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address & phone number. Statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies, which help us to monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
Information we collect from you
This includes technical information, such as IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform, URL clickstream to, through and from our site (including date & time), pages you viewed or searched for and page interaction information. This data is collected by Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel. Jampel KBC has no access to any identifiable information from this data.
Please see here and here for Google’s terms. Please also see Google’s Privacy Policy. We do not send the API provider any personally identifying information, or information that could uniquely identify your device.
Images may be captured during events organised and hosted by Jampel KBC. By entering and by your presence at our events, you consent to be photographed and/or filmed and to any use of the material produced. This material may be featured on social media, our website, event publicity, brochures etc. If you do not consent, please let our volunteer photographer know at the event. Jampel KBC acknowledges its responsibilities in capturing images by photography or other means under applicable law.
What do we do with this information?
We use the information you provide us with for the purpose it was provided. For example, information collected and processed is used to manage and administer your booking, and to facilitate event planning. We may contact you via email or phone regarding your booking. If you have signed up to our mailing list, we may also send you e-newsletters and as we share information with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners you may see our adverts on social media.
If you have submitted your name & email address via a contact form on our website, we only use this for the purposes of answering your query.
We use technologies, such as cookies, to customise content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyse traffic to the site. We also share information about your use of our site with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners. This means that based on your activity on our Site, you may see adverts for our events on social media. See Facebook Privacy Policy.Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission.
How do we secure your information?
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any information is encrypted and protected with encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear at the top of web browsers.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
How long we keep your information?
All data is kept for as long as is necessary to complete our contractual obligations. Your information will be retained for a period of 6 years plus the current year, for statutory record keeping purposes.  After this time, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it for longer, your personal information will be deleted or, where data is required for statistical purposes, anonymised.
Your information used for marketing purposes will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Cookies
Like many other websites, our Site website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual.
It is possible to switch off cookies altogether by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Access to and amending your personal information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you have an account on this site you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. You have a right to ask us to view, correct, download or remove information that we hold on you. We will respond to your request within 48 hours. Please contact us using the details below.
Who on our team has access
Centre Managers and trusted volunteers have access to the information you provide us. For example, Centre Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated 13 May 2019.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at info@meditateinkent.com
– – –
A member of the New Kadampa Tradition – International Kadampa Buddhist Union founded by Venerable Geshe Kelsang Gyatso Rinpoche. Registered Charity Number: 103709