http://mediatordates.com/privacy
mediatordates
home
mediators
dates
Home
About Mediatordates
Information for Mediators
Mediator Login
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This page explains ADR Expedite Inc.’s policies concerning the use and disclosure of any personal information
collected by this web site. These policies form part of and should be read together with, the
Terms of Use for
this site.
This web site collects certain personal information about participating mediators supplied by them or on their
behalf for the express purpose of disclosing that information on and via this and any related web sites operated
by ADR Expedite Inc. (“ADRX”).
This web site collects from participating mediators the names and email addresses of persons authorized by them
to supply information about them to this site. The site retains data about visits during which information about
participating mediators is supplied to the site, to verify that it was obtained from the subject of the
information or someone authorized by the subject to provide such information to this site.
Credit card transactions are completed through the secure servers of the site’s payment processor, Stripe Inc.,
whose privacy policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/ca/privacy.
This web site keeps a server log of resource request data, including the apparent IP address origin of each page
request, parameters included in the page request URL, the date and time of the page request, the referring web
site (if any) and browser version information. Resource request data is aggregated to provide statistics on the
use of the site, to assist ADRX in maintaining and improving this site. Except as indicated in the previous
paragraphs or as may be required by law, however, no personally identifiable usage or other information gathered
by this site will disclosed to any third party for any purpose other than to deal with suspected attempts to
interfere with the content or operation of the site or other abuse or to otherwise ensure the proper functioning
of this web site.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this web site,
you may contact the site administrator at admin@adrexpedite.com.
| Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
©
ADR Expedite Inc.
During the COVID-19 pandemic some mediators may only be conducting mediations by video or telephone conference.
If you are seeking an “in person” mediation on a mediator's available date, you should
discuss with that mediator whether s/he will conduct an “in person” mediation on that date.I understand - I do not need to see this again