http://meditationinwirral.org.uk/coronavirus-policy/
Navigation
Home
About Us
Modern Kadampa Buddhism
The Founder – Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
The General Spiritual Director – Gen-la Kelsang Dekyong
Our Resident Teacher
Books on Buddhism & Meditation
Benefits of a Centre Card
Volunteering
Privacy Notice
Online classes and courses
About online classes
Overcoming Worry and Anxiety 7th Nov
Staying Connected
Dealing with stress through Meditation.
Find your Peace
Mid-Week Meditation
30 Minute Weekend Meditation Class
You’re not on your own
Foundation Programme
Special Events
International Buddhist Festivals
Prayers
Contact Us
Home »
About online classes
About online classes
In line with government policy Kailash Centre and branch classes are currently closed.
We are currently providing online classes and prayers for our local community.
Terms and conditions:
Online classes and courses may only be booked by those living in the Wirral area.
Links to any of the shared teachings are intended only for those who have booked and should not be shared.
Kailash Kadampa Buddhist Centre, 74 Bidston Road, Oxton, Wirral. CH43 6TN Email: info@meditationinwirral.org.uk Telephone: 0151 652 2210
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.