http://meetmuslimsingles.com/help/privacy.aspx
Muslim Marriage and Matrimonial Service
Home |
Contact Us |
About us |
Help
Member area
Search
Resources
Forums
Articles
[login]
No membership fees
Send free email
Thousands of members
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of http://www.MeetMuslimSingles.com
We are located in the United States of America
We can be reached via e-mail at
support@meetmuslimsingles.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible)
of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to
our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail,
the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information
on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages
consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as site
registrations, name and address.
The information we collect is used for internal review
and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize
the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify
our members about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact members for marketing
purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors
preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their
shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit,
record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors
return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner
ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information
that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future,
please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique
identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about
them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts
and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor
has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information
(e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description
of information that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies
corrected in contact information, unique identifiers, communications that the consumer/visitor
has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending
us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive
certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information,
we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up
screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated
information policy, you may contact us at the above email address.
We do not sell or barter any information collected from
our members.
home page | member area | search
| resources | forums |
Articles
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2006-2020 Meet Muslim Singles, LLC. All rights reserved.