https://meltonfoundation.org/about/editorial-policy-and-guidelines/
Editorial Policy and Guidelines - Melton Foundation
Menu
Menu
Search
Donate
Get Involved
More
Global Events
Apply to the Fellowship
Acts of Global Citizenship
Our Partners
About Us
Contact Us
Editorial Policy and Guidelines
Global CitizenshipFocus AreasSustainabilityEquityDiversityThe FellowshipApply to the FellowshipNews & Stories
Global EventsApply to the FellowshipActs of Global CitizenshipOur PartnersAbout UsContact UsEditorial Policy and Guidelines
Fellows' Login
Donate
Get Involved
Search
Global CitizenshipFocus AreasSustainabilityEquityDiversityThe FellowshipApply to the FellowshipNews & Stories
Fellows' Login
Fellows' Login
Contact Us
Home About Us Editorial Policy and Guidelines
Introduction
All guidelines afore-mentioned are applicable to content published as and on behalf of the Melton Foundation. The goals and guidelines provided in this document are applicable to any and all content concerning the Melton Foundation, our events, Fellowship, and projects.
Content Goal
The Melton Foundation (MF) evolved from a small, intercultural learning experiment into a global network devoted to making Global Citizenship tangible, and to serve as an ‘Experiential Learning Lab for Global Problem Solvers’. Through the Fellowship and its programs, the MF promotes and enables Global Citizenship as a way for individuals and organizations to work together across boundaries of place and identity to address the challenges in an interconnected world. Keeping our core mission in mind, all content produced under the Melton Foundation banner and name, including but not limited to the website, social media, email campaigns, newsletters, blog posts, and messages promotes the practice of global citizenship, is written using reliable sources of reputable information, and aims to add to the readers’ personal and professional development.
Each content and communications piece we produce should ideally provide information, resources and/or guidance that the readers’ can apply in their daily lives, coupled with calls to action, as well as engage the reader by providing thought-provoking ideas, stories, and narratives.
Voice, Style, and Tone
The voice of our writing aims to be open, empathetic, honest and straight-forward in conveying the intent of the writing. We follow a neutral, easy to understand, engaging voice while prioritizing clarity over humor or entertainment in the writing. Our tone and voice aim for compelling narratives that should inspire the reader to become curious or learn more about the subject and the nature of our work and implement our calls to action in their daily lives.
Active Voice
Neutral tone
Positive writing and sentence framing
Aim  for global comprehensibility of the writing (use slang and jargon only if it’s commonly known)
References to age, disability, or gender need to be completely unbiased and presented in a respectful manner.
Plainspoken American English
Spelling and Grammar
We want to present ideas in a clear, concise, and inclusive manner that is comprehensible to global audiences. Authors should aim for complete ethical compliance, provide citations and references, and report critical details leaving room for the readers to evaluate the overarching message of the writing. Some aspects to be mindful of in spelling, grammar, and vocabulary:
Concise, consistent and specific writing in an active voice.
Spell out abbreviations and acronyms in the first mention.
Use American English where applicable (guidelines and usage as per the New Oxford American Dictionary)
Use sentence case capitalization and capitalize proper nouns, keywords appropriately.
Run a basic spelling and grammar check using tools such as Grammarly, etc.
The complete indexed version of our Editorial Policy (including social media and website guidelines) is available for download here.
Editorial Disclaimer
The information provided in or through the Melton Foundation Website and other digital media channels is for educational and informational purposes only. Although every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information we share, the information may inadvertently contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Readers are requested to bring any such inaccuracies to our attention here, and we will attempt to rectify the same if it is deemed right to do so according to our editorial policy.
The Melton Foundation may promote, affiliate with, or partner with other individuals or organisations whose programs, products and services align with our mission and vision. In the spirit of transparency, we want our readers to be aware that there may be instances when we promote these partners and organisations on our website and social media in exchange for collaborations and partnerships. Please note that we are highly selective and only promote the partners whose programs, products and/or services we verify and respect. At the same time, you, as a reader agree that any such promotion or marketing does not serve as any form of endorsement whatsoever. The reader is still required to use their own judgment to determine that any such program, product or service is appropriate for them. Our website and posts may also periodically provide links to third party websites including websites of entities that are affiliated with the Melton Foundation. We are not responsible for the content of any third-party website, nor do we make any warranties or representations, express or implied, regarding the content (or the accuracy, completeness or correctness of such content) on any third-party website.
The Melton Foundation takes responsibility to produce and publish content that is aimed towards creating a more socially responsible, aware and actionable society. Some contents may be perceived as controversial or emotionally unsettling, as they unpack power dynamics, global contexts, or not-often heard view points. The objective, however, is to increase awareness, responsibility and action of readers to strive for a more equitable and sustainable world, and certainly not to hurt any sentiments or be biased in favor of or against any particular person, society, gender, creed, nation or religion.
Subscribe to Melton News!
Newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human:
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Medium
Medium
© 2020 Melton Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
SHARE THIS
Close me!
Share this page with...
friends or family via email
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
or share via social networks
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read Our Privacy Policy
ACCEPT Reject
Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.