https://meltonfoundation.org/about/privacy-policy
Home About Us Privacy Policy
Melton Foundation Privacy Policy
The Melton Foundation is a U.S. 501(c)(3) not-for-profit entity with additional legal representation in Chile and Germany, recurring operations in China, Ghana and India, and collaborations in multiple other countries. Melton Foundation partner universities and organizations, as well as collaborators are separate entities and not legal affiliates of the Melton Foundation.
The following information provides you with an overview of our processing of your personal data and your rights arising from the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
(Updated 24 May 2018)
About the Policy
The Melton Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of Fellows, collaborators and all users of our website and virtual platforms. This Privacy Policy describes how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also outlines options we provide for you to access, update, or otherwise take control of your personal data. This statement applies with respect to the information that we collect from
the Melton Foundation website, located at www.meltonfoundation.org,
the Melton Foundation Fellows’ Portal, located at http://fellows.meltonfoundation.org,
the Fellows’ App, located at http://meltonapp.com
and associated Melton Foundation web properties.
Please note that this policy may be revised periodically without notice. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof. If you have concerns about how your data is being collected and used, please review this policy prior to submitting any personal information. And if you cannot agree to the terms of our privacy policy, please refrain from using the Melton Foundation website and associated web properties.
If you have questions about this policy or your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the Data Processing at the Melton Foundation section.
Data Processing at the Melton Foundation
The controller for Melton Foundation data processing is
Melton Foundation
2810 N Church St #45771
Wilmington, Delaware, 19802-4447 USA
privacy@meltonfoundation.org
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at the postal and/or email address stated above. If you make a request, we will respond to you within 30 days.
While the Melton Foundation data processing is handled globally, the responsible entities for data processing and protection in countries with legal representation other than the USA are as follows:
Die Melton Stiftung
vertr. d. d. Ernst-Abbe-Stiftung als Treuhänderin, Forstweg 31, 07745 Jena, Germany
Fundación Melton
Cormoran #02400, Temuco, ChileThe officer overseeing data processing in both cases can be reached via the contact information provided for the Melton Foundation controller above.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The Melton Foundation uses personal data to provide you with the best service and experience on our virtual platforms. We collect and process personal data only as it might be needed in keeping with our mission of enabling and promoting global citizenship. Personal data we collect includes information such as name, email address, phone numbers, postal address, business title, organization/company/university/department, as well as any other personal and professional information provided via a form, in our Fellows’ Portal, or any questionnaires/surveys you agree to respond to.
Much of this personal information is collected directly from you when you:
Apply to the Fellowship
Take a survey
Complete a webform
Register for an event or activity
Sign up to our Newsletter
Activate or update the profile on the Fellows’ Portal (applicable only to Fellows and affiliates of the Melton Foundation)
Join respective Melton Foundation mailing lists (applicable only to Fellows and affiliates of the Melton Foundation)
Your data is used solely by the Melton Foundation. We will share personal information with third parties and/or companies who provide services to the Melton Foundation only as required. Melton Foundation service providers currently include, but may not be limited to, WordPress, PyroCMS, Joomla, Bluehost, Digital Ocean, Siteground, Gorilla Web Studio, Google Analytics, G-Suite for Nonprofits, PayPal, LifeSchool, Open HPI, Surveymonkey, Typeform and Mailchimp. For the Fellows’ App, we also use Google services including Oauth, Firebase and Cloud, Amazon Web Services, Apple Inc and Functional Software Inc. The services provided may include email service, payment processing, website hosting, learning platforms, and other processing services required by the Melton Foundation. The Melton Foundation does not trade or sell personal information at any point.
Please note that information we collect from you may be stored and processed by these providers consistent with their privacy policies, which we encourage you to review. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers keep your personal data confidential and only use your personal data to the extent necessary to perform their functions and not for any other purpose.
If you submit any personal information to the Melton Foundation in response to a request for program interest or participation, this may be shared with relevant third parties (including partners), depending on the nature of the request. Personal information collected in this capacity will be used solely for the purpose identified and covered under that particular request, not this Privacy Policy.
You may also provide us with information related to other people, for example to refer a friend to participate in Melton Foundation activities or to nominate a presenter for a Melton Foundation activity. As part of this process, you may need to provide personal data, such as name and contact information, to us about persons other than yourself. By sharing this kind of information with us, you confirm that you have sought and received consent to share such person’s personal data with us prior to submission.
Cookies, IP Records and Server Location
The Melton Foundation website and our Fellows’ Portal also collects non-personal data used to ensure important site-functionality, including recognizing logged-in members. We use cookies to make your visit on our website and Fellows Directory more convenient and to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. They do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. You can turn off cookies through the Preferences option on your web browser. Turning off cookies, however, may cause technical difficulties when navigating the website, and may limit your ability to log in and access your profile.
The Melton Foundation web-server also records IP addresses from all visitors to the site. The collection of IP addresses is standard procedure in most web-server environments and are not linked to any personally identifiable information. The IP addresses are used to help diagnose problems, analyze trends, and gather broad demographic information, helping us further improve our website. The Melton Foundation may collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device. This location data is collected automatically and is used to provide you with information regarding services which we believe may be of interest to you based on your geographic location and to improve our location-based services and products.
The Melton Foundation website and the servers that make this site available are located in the United States. We also use MaxCDN for certain types of media to improve performance worldwide. For the Fellows’ App, we use servers located in Germany. Accessing our website, Fellows’ Portal, Fellows’ App or web forms may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this site. Any information you provide in subscribing to our website or registering at our website will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our site and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use.
Google Analytics
The Melton Foundation uses Google Analytics. To provide website visitors with more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
Social Media Widgets and Applications
The Melton Foundation website and micro-sites may include functionality to enable sharing via third party social media applications, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Youtube, Instagram and Flickr. These social media applications may collect and use information regarding your use of the Melton Foundation website. Any personal information you provide via such social media applications is governed by the privacy policies of that company. The Melton Foundation does not have control over, or responsibility for, those companies or their use of your information.
Off-Site Links
The Melton Foundation provides links to other websites. The Melton Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of these other sites.
Co-Branded and Framed Sites
From time to time, the Melton Foundation works with trusted partners. You may find our logo on various other websites. These types of pages are branded by both the Melton Foundation and a partner. However, the data collected on these types of pages is not governed by our privacy policy. Your activity and information on these sites is governed, gathered and controlled by the privacy statement on the URL/domain address you are visiting.
Melton Foundation may syndicate its content to and distribute its content through other sites on the Internet. Although you may see the Melton Foundation logo on these pages, your activity and information on a framed site is governed, gathered, and controlled by the privacy statement on the URL /domain address you’re visiting. The Melton Foundation does not receive user information back from these framed sites.
Melton Foundation Communications
The Melton Foundation may use the data you provide to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional material, fellowship information, network updates, and new features and services. From time to time we will deliver email communications to fellows, employers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, and newsletter subscribers in our database on behalf of the Melton Foundation, its Fellows, partners or Melton Foundation hubs.
If there is ever a major error included in a Melton Foundation email that provides misleading information, the Melton Foundation will send a corrected version of the email, accompanied with an explanation of the problem.
You may update your email preferences and opt out of receiving future communications from Melton Foundation by following the instructions set forth in the How to Change your Communication Preferences section.
How To Change Your Communication Preferences
The Melton Foundation newsletter is powered by Mailchimp. To update your contact information and/or to unsubscribe from receiving our newsletters, please follow the instructions given at the bottom of the respective email.
Fellows or affiliates subscribed to Melton Foundation mailing lists catering to our community can change their email preferences and/or opt out at any time by following the instructions provided in the footer of each mail. When we receive an opt-out and/or update request, we will take steps to stop sending email to the requestor’s email address within a maximum of 30 days.
To have the Melton Foundation take the required action for you, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the Data Processing at the Melton Foundation section.
Photography and Videography
While attending a Melton Foundation event or activity, you may be filmed, photographed or recorded. Unless an individual or group clearly communicate their dissent, the Melton Foundation – including our Fellows, partners, hub collaborators and agents – may use these films, images or recordings for marketing and communications purposes.
Surveys and Testimonials
At times the Melton Foundation will run surveys asking for specific contact or demographic information, such as information personal preferences/opinions about specific Melton Foundation programs, events, and resources. These surveys are always optional and your personal information is stored and used consistent with this policy. The purpose of these surveys is to improve the programs, initiatives, and resources for our fellows, partners and wider community.
Access, Update or Remove Data on our Fellows’ Portal
As a Fellow or affiliate of the Melton Foundation, you’re given access to our Fellows’ Portal. Once your online profile is created on our directory, you may access and change your personal information any time as follows: by logging into the website and navigating to the “Fellows’ Login” section.
The Melton Foundation provides individuals with a profile on the Melton Foundation Fellows’ Portal with the following options for accessing and updating your data:
Access the Fellows’ Portal by using the ‘ Fellows’ Login’ link provided at https://meltonfoundation.org/ or at http://fellows.meltonfoundation.org/
Log in to your account at http://fellows.meltonfoundation.org/user/login
Select “Manage My Account”
Select “Edit my Profile”
Follow the prompts to edit your information by section
We expect that registered users on the Melton Foundation Fellows’ Portal provide only information that is correct and that they are willing to share with other members of the Melton Foundation community and staff.
To have the Melton Foundation update, transfer or remove your personal information from the Fellows’ Portal, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the Data Processing at the Melton Foundation section, and we will process your request within a maximum of 30 days.
Access, Update or Remove Data on our Fellows’ App
As a Fellow or affiliate of the Melton Foundation, you’re given access to our Fellows’ App. Once your online profile is created on our directory, you may access and change your personal information at any time as follows: by logging into the app and navigating to the “Profile” section.
The Melton Foundation provides individuals with a profile on the Fellows’ App with the following options for accessing and updating your data:
Access the Fellows’ App on your mobile device
Log in to your account
Navigate to the “Profile” section
Follow the prompts to edit your information by section
We expect that registered users on the Fellows’ App provide only information that is correct and that they are willing to share with other members of the Melton Foundation community and staff.
To have the Melton Foundation update, transfer or remove your personal information from the Fellows’ Portal, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the Data Processing at the Melton Foundation section, and we will process your request within a maximum of 30 days.
Security
The Melton Foundation website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information including limiting staff access and the use of encrypted data.
Children’s Privacy
The Melton Foundation does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided the Melton Foundation with personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the “Data Processing at the Melton Foundation” section above. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Donor Privacy Policy
The Melton Foundation respects the privacy of its donors and will not share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else.
Personal Information Retention
The Melton Foundation will retain your information as follows:
Technical data (e.g., IP address, device information) incidentally collected when you visit our website will be retained for 90 days;
If you sign up for communications from the Melton Foundation, we will keep your information until you unsubscribe after which we will only retain that information that will enable us to retain your unsubscribe preference;
If you create a profile on the Melton Foundation Fellows’ Portal, we will keep your information until you communicate a preference for us to no longer retain that data
If you are subscribed to any of the Melton Foundation mailing lists serving our Fellows’ community, we will keep your information until you communicate a preference for us to no longer retain that data.
If you donate or purchase a product or event ticket from the Melton Foundation via or website or by phone, we will keep your information to process your payment and enable us to ensure that transactions can be appropriately processed.
If you apply for a position with the Melton Foundation we will retain your application for 3 years. Retirement and pension records will be kept permanently. Other employment and personnel records will be retained for 7 years after termination.
At the end of the retention period, we may store your information in aggregate and anonymized format to help us understand historical behaviors and to enhance our website. Your personal data will be retained for longer if required by law or a court order and/or as needed to defend or pursue legal claims.
What are your data protection rights?
The Melton Foundation want to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every who has provided data to the Melton Foundation through the Fellows’ Portal, newsletter, survey, events registration or else is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request the Melton Foundation for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that the Melton Foundation corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request the Melton Foundation to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that the Melton Foundation erases your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that the Melton Foundation restricts the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the Melton Foundation processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that the Melton Foundation transfers the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have within 30 days to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the email and/or postal address provided under the “Data Processing at the Melton Foundation” section above.
Legal Disclaimer
The Melton Foundation will disclose personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or when we deem it necessary, in our sole discretion, to protect our rights and the safety of others, or our members, employees, or properties.
SHARE THIS
Close me!
Share this page with...
friends or family via email
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
or share via social networks
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read Our Privacy Policy
ACCEPT Reject
Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.