https://menaianglican.org/your-privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Home/Your Privacy
Your Privacyiseecom2019-01-27T04:47:18+11:00
Your Privacy is Important to UsThe Anglican Parish of Menai – Privacy Policy For the purposes of simplicity the abbreviation Menai Anglican will be understood to mean St. Paul’s Anglican Parish of Menai.
Menai Anglican, publisher of www.menaianglican.org online, abides by Australia’s National Privacy Principles and is committed to respecting your right to privacy and your right to control the accuracy of your private/sensitive information.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Sensitive information is information that identifies an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual preferences or practices, criminal record or health information. Menai Anglican does not collect sensitive information about you unless you specifically choose to volunteer it to us.
How do we collect your information? We will only collect personal information by lawful and fair means, and we take steps to safeguard this information. We collect private information about you or your family members if:
You attend a Menai Anglican event/church service and provide us with your private information.
You contribute financially to support the ministry of Menai Anglican.
You provide necessary private information for children (under 18 years) who attend an event/church service.
We collect private information directly from you, however there are circumstances where children (under 18) connected with our youth ministry may provide us with parental information for medical, or emergency contact purposes.
Personal information about former members may be retained for a period of time.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We protect your personal detail stored on a digital database, through encryption, firewalls, secure buildings and computer security systems.
We never share information about you with any other organisation.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure the personal information we hold about you is relevant, not excessive, accurate, complete and up-to-date. Each time we contact you we will give you an opportunity to correct or update details.
HOW YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION IS USED AND DISCLOSED.
Your information is maintained on a digital database. If you have a personal login to Menai Anglican database you will have the ability to control your communication settings. (Please note a follow up call may be made by Menai Anglican staff to validate your decision.)
If we have your email address and you are registered on Menai Anglican as wishing to receive an e-Newsletter we will send our weekly e-newsletters. (You can always opt out of these).
You may receive written communication from the church office.
You may receive email communication promoting event/church information.
In addition, Menai Anglican may, from time to time publish a hard copy parish directory. The directory includes the family name; the primary contact (Christian) name; spouse name (if any); family contact telephone number; family home address; e-mail address of primary contact; children’s’ names (if any). If you do not want your contact details printed in a hard copy directory, please advise the church office. We will give advance notice during services that the directory is about to be issued to provide an additional opportunity for members to opt out of the directory.
HOW DO YOU VIEW INFORMATION WE HAVE ABOUT YOU OR YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS?
If your private information is held on the Menai Anglican database you may request access to your personal information. We encourage you to contact our office if you have any concerns about the personal information we hold about you.
HOW TO OPT OUT OF YOUR INFORMATION BEING STORED OR RECEIVING COMMUNICATION.
You have the right to opt out of individually addressed promotional mailings/emails. If you do not wish to receive further communication from Menai Anglican you can:
Phone us on (02) 9541 0990 and ask for the Church Secretary
Write to us at: Menai Anglican Church, Broughton Place, Barden Ridge NSW 2234
Email us at office@menaianglican.org (You will need to give sufficient information for us to identify you, for example, your name and address.)
HOW TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
To simply update your details you can: Ring us on (02) 9541 0990; Monday – Friday 9.00 am to 5:00 pm EST; Write to us at, Menai Anglican Church, Broughton Place, Barden Ridge NSW 2234 If your personal information is held on the Menai Anglican database and you have a login, you have the right to maintain the information held about you at any time. If you ring or write to us you will need to give us sufficient information so that we can identify who you are.
COMPLAINTS
We are committed to dealing quickly and appropriately with any complaint you make about your privacy in relation to Menai Anglican services or practices, or any Menai Anglican joint partner. If you are concerned that this privacy policy may have been breached or that your privacy may have been compromised please contact us in writing immediately, setting out your concerns.
Please include a daytime telephone number where we can contact you. We will get back to you within five working days.
Write to: Church Secretary, Menai Anglican Church, Broughton Place, Barden Ridge NSW 2234 Please do not contact us by email to make a specific complaint, as it is insecure.
UNRESOLVED COMPLAINTS
If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint you can refer it to the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner.
Contact details: Office of the Privacy Commissioner GPO Box 5218, SYDNEY NSW 2001, AUSTRALIA
Privacy Hotline 1300 363 992 (9.00am – 5.00pm EST Monday to Friday) (for the cost of a local call anywhere in Australia) Landline (02) 9284 9800 TTY 1800 620 241 Fax +61 2 9284 9666 Web www.privacy.gov.au Email privacy@privacy.gov.au
Please note: Complaints should be made in writing to the Federal Privacy Commissioner at the above address. If you need help to make a complaint, you can phone the hotline for assistance.
Go to Top