https://metaphysics.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home » Terms and Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “University of Metaphysics” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of this site, that is https://metaphysics.com/. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of USA.
REVISIONS TO THIS WEBSITE TERMS OF USE WITHOUT NOTICE
This TERMS OF USE for this site is dynamic. It will continually change. You may not assume that it remains the same and you agree to check the policy each time you visit the site for changes. Unless, in the sole opinion of the website, this policy changes so drastically as to suggest a posted notification on the site or via email, you will receive no notification of changes to this TERMS AND CONDITIONS for this site nor, under any circumstances, does this site promise notification. Your continued use of this site always evidences your acceptance of the TERMS AND CONDITIONS for this site..
This TERMS OF USE for this site was last updated on: September 25, 2013.
Contact Us
Email Us Here
In USA: 1-888-866-4685
International: 1-928-203-0730
2081 West State Route 89A Suite #4
Sedona, Arizona 86336
International Metaphysical Ministry
University of Metaphysics
University of Sedona
Theocentric Psychology
Voice of Meditation
See Full Contact Details
My Account
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Download Help
Online Center
Our Mission
Testimonials
Make a Payment
Make a Donation
Weekly Newsletter
See Weekly Newsletters
linkedin_logoUniversity-of-Metaphysics-Twitter-40×40University-of-Metaphysics-Youtube-40×40
Our PCI Compliant Provider