https://metaphysics.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Updated Privacy Policy – May 25th, 2018
Introduction
Your data privacy and security are important to us, so we have updated our previous privacy policy to reflect the additions and enhancements. This policy takes effect on May 25, 2018. You will find it easy to understand, as this details the steps we have taken to ensure our compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR. This new regulation will apply to everyone residing within the European Union.
This privacy policy explains our collection, protection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal data. It reflects greater transparency, giving you detailed explanations of what personal data we can collect from you, how we collect it, what we do with it, who we share your data with, and your data rights. It will also disclose how we share information with third parties or sub-processors. We have also included links to their privacy policies for your reference and information.
New procedures are in place to give you more choices about how you may share and control the information you entrust us with. The new policy also outlines procedures for asking us to limit, or stop using or erase your data.
We are committed to providing you with an experience on this website that is safe, secure, transparent, and trustworthy. To ensure you make a well-informed decision before enrolling in any of our degree programs or using any of our services or products, we suggest you take the time to read through this policy carefully.
This privacy notice tells you about the information we collect from you when you use our website. In collecting this information, we are acting as a Data Controller and, by law, we are required to provide you with information about us, about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data.
Who are we?
The University of Metaphysics and the University of Sedona are private, postsecondary, distance-learning theological schools operating under the auspices of the International Metaphysical Ministry (IMM). The IMM is a 501 (c)3 non-profit, tax-exempt organization as designated by the Internal Revenue Service of the United States. The curricula of both Universities are strictly non-secular and theological in nature.
You can contact us by mail at 2675 West State Route 89A, # 465, Sedona, Arizona,
86336, by e-mail nospamuom@metaphysics.com or by telephone in the EU or Outside
the US: 00 1 928 203 0730 or US: 1 928 203 0730 or 888 866 4684.
How we use your information
When you use our website
When you use our website to browse our enrollment programs, our products and our services, and view the information we make available, a number of cookies are used by us and by third parties to allow the website to function, to collect useful information about visitors, and to help to make your user experience better.
Some of the cookies we use are strictly necessary for our website to function, and we do not ask for your consent to place these on your computer.
However, for those cookies that are useful but not strictly necessary, we will always ask for your consent before placing them.
As well as the cookies we use, various third parties also place them on your computer, again with your consent.
For more information about our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy
How we protect your personal data
We protect your personal data using administrative security policies and procedures in combination with physical and technical measures to reduce the unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, and alteration of your personal data. All personal information you provide to us is stored in password-protected databases on our secure servers behind firewalls. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to ensure that the transmission of sensitive data for payments and donations is encrypted and appropriately safeguarded. We train our employees on the importance of information security and protecting against the unauthorized disclosure of personal data.
Email transmissions are protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, which helps to protect personal information in certain areas of our websites during transport of information across the Internet. This is done behind a Dedicated Firewall Server on a Dedicated DDoS Secure Protection Secure Network managed 24/7, 365 days a year.
Our internal server is protected by a Sonic Firewall which includes the real-time Capture Advanced Threat Protection Cloud Sandbox and is monitored 24/7 365 days a year by Westernnrg.
Our websites are DMCA Protected.
Our websites are SiteLock Protected.
Our websites are PCI Compliant.
Passwords
Combining software, devices and other methods to protect our network.
For payment card information, we use secured networks, encryption or other protection of cardholder data, physical and technical access controls, monitoring and tests of security systems, combined with other data security practices.
When you submit an inquiry/contact us via our website
When you submit an inquiry/contact us via our website, we ask you for your name, contact telephone number and email address. We also record your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the internet.
We use this information to respond to your query, including providing you with any requested information about our program, products and services. We may also email you several times after your inquiry in order to follow up on your interest and ensure that we have answered it to your satisfaction. We will do this based on our legitimate interest in providing accurate information prior to an enrollment or purchasing any of our products.
Your inquiry is stored on our secure internal server, protected by a Sonic Firewall which includes the real-time Capture Advanced Threat Protection Cloud Sandbox.  Any inquiries relevant to a student’s record, needing to be printed out, are kept in filing cabinets at our secure administration office location. Should any correspondence need to be kept for an extended period of time, it is archived in a secure storage location.
We will address your inquiry and normally respond to you either via telephone or via email.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We keep inquiry emails for as long as it is needed to answer your inquiry, or to provide our services, and this depends on the purposes for which we use it, unless applicable law requires we either dispose of it or keep it longer. We will continue to store your personal information to allow us to maintain contact, answer your inquiries, resolve disputes if necessary, and to comply with legal obligations and/or for other legally permissible purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy Notice.
When you submit an enrollment or registration form
Enrollment can be in one of the following programs:
Bachelor
Masters
Doctoral
Additional Doctorate
Continuing Education
Registration can be in one of the following associations:
Alumni Association
Professional Worldwide Metaphysical Association
American Metaphysical Doctors Association
Graduates in Action
Convention and Formal Cap and Gown Ceremony (held every three years.)
The information we ask for enrollment or registration into one of our degree programs or associations can include the following:
First Name
Middle Name
Last Name
Street Address
City
State/Province
Country
ZIP/Postal Code
Cell phone (Mobile Number)
Phone number
Email
Date of birth
Gender
Degree program preference
Education history
Occupation
References
Any felony convictions
Credentials held with any other religious or metaphysical organization
Religious affiliations
Metaphysical/ Spiritual background and experience
Goal/ Intentions
What led you to the program
Association name
What you plan to do professionally
We record your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the internet. We will use your information to process and complete your enrollment or registration. We collect and use your data under the conditions of a “lawful basis” personal data collection, compliant with GDPR. If you have indicated a felony conviction on your enrollment form, we are unable to process your data and your collected personal information will be deleted/destroyed.
Your information is collected by a third-party company 123 Form Builder (see privacy policy) and stored on our secure internal server protected by a Sonic Firewall which includes the real-time Capture Advanced Threat Protection Cloud Sandbox. The physical records of active members are kept in filing cabinets at our secure administration office location. Archived members records are removed and kept in a secure storage location.
We will process your enrollment or registration and normally respond to you either via telephone or via email.
We will not use the information to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
When you purchase a product from our website
When you purchase products from us online, we ask you for your name, address, contact telephone number, email address and credit card information. We also record your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the Internet.
We will use your information to verify your credit card details for your purchase, process your order and to send you your products. We will also send you a receipt via email, and we may use your telephone number to contact you regarding your purchase.
We require this information in order to process your payment, deliver your products or services, and fulfill our contract with you.
Your information is stored on our secure internal server protected by a Sonic Firewall which includes the real-time Capture Advanced Threat Protection Cloud Sandbox. Your credit card details are passed to a third-party payment processor which is based in the US and requires effective safeguards for your information. We do not retain your credit card information.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We keep your order information in hard-copy format without credit card information archived indefinitely, unless otherwise advised by you in writing. If you’ve set up an account with us, your order information without full credit card information, will remain on our secure server for the ease of ordering in the future.
When you request our catalog
When you request to download a catalog, we record your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the internet. We also ask for your name, telephone number, and your email address. If you request a hard copy catalog, we will also ask for your mailing address.
We use this information to email you a link to download the catalog. We may also email or phone you after your download in order to follow up on your interest in our university and services. We will do this based on our legitimate interest in marketing to prospects for our university enrollments, products, and services.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We will retain your personal information for as long as it is needed to answer your inquiry, or to provide our services, and this depends on the purposes for which we use it, unless applicable law requires we either dispose of it or keep it longer. We will continue to store your personal information to allow us to maintain contact, answer your inquiries, resolve disputes if necessary, and to comply with legal obligations and/or for other legally permissible purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy Notice.
When you sign up to receive our newsletter
When you sign up to receive our newsletter, we ask for your name and your email address. We also record your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the Internet.
We will ask for your consent to use your name and email address to email you our newsletter which contains information about our products and other information that we feel might be of interest to you.
You can withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop sending you the newsletter.
Your information is collected by a third-party company, 123 Form Builder (see privacy policy) and stored on our secure internal server protected by a Sonic Firewall, which includes the real-time Capture Advanced Threat Protection Cloud Sandbox.  Your name and email address are added manually to our third-party newsletter email provider, Constant Contact (see privacy policy). This company has contractually committed to providing appropriate safeguards for your personal data which means it will be protected in line with the legal requirements of the EU.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We keep your personal data for as long as we produce and distribute our newsletter. If you wish that we no longer keep your information, please contact us at nospamprivacy@metaphysics.com
When you submit a review about us
When you decide to submit a review about us, your details are shared with a third-party reviews system. You have the option to submit a review using the following platforms: Trust Pilot (see privacy policy) , Facebook Reviews (see privacy policy), Google+ (see privacy policy), We do not collect your personal data when you write a review through third-party review services. The platform you choose to submit your review has control of your private data, and GDPR compliance responsibility resides with them.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
You have the right to withdraw your review at any time. You can do so by contacting the platform you used to publish your review.
Transfer of personal data abroad
If you participate in our degree programs, purchase any of our products, or utilize any of our services from a country outside the United States, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. In these instances, your personal data is handled according to this privacy policy. (For more information.) If you are an EU resident where GDPR applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU.
Your rights as a data subject
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. If we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfil a contract, you can ask us to give you a copy of the information in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can request that your data be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so lawfully.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by post or telephone, please use the contact information within this document or submit a Data Subject Request Form.
Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, we would prefer you to contact us directly at nospamprivacy@metaphysics.com in the first instance so we can address your complaint. However, you can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via their website at www.ico.org.uk concerns, or write to them at:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
United Kingdom
SK9 5AF
Age restrictions
You are required to be eighteen years of age to enroll in any of our degree programs. Please contact us. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data. At this this time, if you are a resident of the EU and are under the age of 16, we require parental consent to collect your personal data if you are purchasing any one of our products.
Third party websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and this privacy policy does not govern such sites. We are also not responsible for the content on third-party sites. Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Your rights as a data subject
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. If we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfil a contract, you can ask us to give you a copy of the information in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can request that your data be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so lawfully.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by post or telephone, please use the contact information within this document or submit a Data Subject Request Form.
Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, we would prefer you to contact us directly at nospamprivacy@metaphysics.com in the first instance so we can address your complaint. However, you can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via their website at www.ico.org.uk/concerns, or write to them at:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
United Kingdom
SK9 5AF
California privacy rights
Under California’s Shine the Light law, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83, California residents who use our website are permitted to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send an email to nospamprivacy@metaphysics.com For more information: https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/
Updates to this privacy policy
We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time and as our services and use of personal data evolves. If we want to make use of your personal data in a way that we haven’t previously identified, we will contact you to provide information about this and, if necessary, to ask for your consent.
We will update the version number and date of this document each time it is changed.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the content of this policy, contact nospamprivacy@metaphysics.com.
Contact Us
Email Us Here
In USA: 1-888-866-4685
International: 1-928-203-0730
2081 West State Route 89A Suite #4
Sedona, Arizona 86336
International Metaphysical Ministry
University of Metaphysics
University of Sedona
Theocentric Psychology
Voice of Meditation
See Full Contact Details
My Account
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Download Help
Online Center
Our Mission
Testimonials
Make a Payment
Make a Donation
Weekly Newsletter
See Weekly Newsletters
linkedin_logoUniversity-of-Metaphysics-Twitter-40×40University-of-Metaphysics-Youtube-40×40
Our PCI Compliant Provider