https://metaphysics.com/cookie-policy/
Home » Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
We take the safety of your personal data very seriously and we collect the data according to prescribed legal regulations. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
Why we use cookies and what types of cookies are we using?
We uses cookies to identify which pages are being used and improve our website and make our online services work better for you. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
What information do Cookies collect?
When you access or use our Services, we may automatically collect information about you, including:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Cookies may store your login session and other information to make your navigation of our Services easier.
SiteLock Cookies: We utilize these cookies, as well as java script, to determine if traffic crawling the site is a bot. SiteLock is part of our Website Security Solution.
We use Google Analytics to track how visitors interact with our website, analyze where traffic is generated from and collect information related to general site engagement.
Ecommerce Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, your general location, Name, Emails, Username, Login Password, Address, Phone Number.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version.
For further information please contact us or view our Privacy Policy
Cookies List:
Cookie Name
Function
incap_ses, visid_incap,
nlbi, _utmvbZVuykvY
SiteLock Cookies, are a part of your SiteLock TrueShield Firewall. We utilize these cookies, as well as java script, to determine if traffic crawling the site is a bot. SiteLock is part of our Website Security Solution.
PHPSESSID
This is a simple token used by all PHP applications to identify your unique session. The main purpose of the cookie is to maintain the integrity of your session while transacting information with our website (accessing secure areas, forms submissions etc). It does not store any personal data and is deleted when the visitor closes their browser.
_gid, _ga,_gat_gtag
These cookies are used for Google Analytics. They help us distinguish users, create user segments, increment traffic sessions, count the number of visited pages, calculate the average time spent on a page, and other similar metrics that are based on anonymous traffic and IPs.
IDE
These advertising cookies are stored in Google DoubleClick and are used to personalise advertisements shown to users based on previous visits to our website.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE,
YSC, PREF cookie
An embedded YouTube video collects visitor information and custom preferences.
NID, 1P_JAR
Google uses these cookies, based on recent searches and interactions, to customise ads on Google websites.
woocommerce_cart_hash, woocommerce_items_in_cart,
wp_woocommerce_session
The first two cookies contain information about the cart as a whole and helps WooCommerce know when the cart data changes. The cookie (wp_woocommerce_session_) contains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within these cookies.
wordpress_sec
wordpress_logged_in
wordpress_test_cookie
WordPress uses cookies, or tiny pieces of information stored on your computer, to verify who you are. There are cookies for logged in users and for commenters.
gwcc
At this time the purpose of this specific cookie is Unclassified on the Internet. Session expiry is 3 months.
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
intercom-id-l0d8dwxp
Intercom enables us to offer a live chat feature on our website. This cookie attempts to remember a user such that they may continue their conversation between different pages of the site, and resume the conversation on repeat visits to the site.
Contact Us
Email Us Here
In USA: 1-888-866-4685
International: 1-928-203-0730
2081 West State Route 89A Suite #4
Sedona, Arizona 86336
International Metaphysical Ministry
University of Metaphysics
University of Sedona
Theocentric Psychology
Voice of Meditation
See Full Contact Details
My Account
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Download Help
Online Center
Our Mission
Testimonials
Make a Payment
Make a Donation
Weekly Newsletter
See Weekly Newsletters
linkedin_logoUniversity-of-Metaphysics-Twitter-40×40University-of-Metaphysics-Youtube-40×40
Our PCI Compliant Provider