https://methodist-central-hall.org.uk/social-media-comment-policy/
Social Media Comment Policy
HomeSocial Media Comment Policy
Social Media Comment Policy
A healthy Christian community is a safe place of mutual care, where all people feel valued, loved and respected. Methodist Central Hall Westminster, (MCHW)
uses social networking platforms to connect and interact with different audiences. At this time, we share content on Facebook, FlickR, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram. Each of these social networking platforms has their own privacy policy.
Follow these links to learn more about a specific privacy policy: Facebook(link is external), Flickr(link is external) (owned by Yahoo!), Twitter(link is external), and Instagram.
Please see the Methodist Church in GB Social Media guidelines or our own privacy policy for more information.We encourage public interaction and communication about the content we post on our social media accounts. However, this does not imply that the MCHW agrees with or accepts the content, opinions, or views expressed within any public comment. The person who posts a comment is solely responsible for the content of the comment. While we do not discriminate against views or opinions posted to our social networking accounts, we reserve the right to remove or not approve any comment. If you have a criticism you need to make, consider carefully the tone of what you write. If you are personally attacked, do not respond in kind.  Comments will not be edited or modified to remove unacceptable content; the entire comment will simply be deleted. Some of the reasons we may remove or not approve a comment are listed below:
Abusive, vulgar, obscene, racist, threatening, or harassing comments.Libel, slander, or personal attacks of any kind, including the use of offensive terms that target specific individuals or groups.Spam, including content that promotes products or services or contains gratuitous links.Makes unsupported accusations.Comments that suggest or encourage illegal, dangerous, or destructive activity.Duplicate posts.Clearly off topic.Political campaigning or lobbying.Comments that are really support questions (for that, please contact us via church@mchw.org.uk).
Methodist Central Hall, Westminster © 2020  - Registered Charity, Westminster Methodist Circuit 1145076