https://mid-southlcms.org/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Missions
Youth & Family Ministry
Church Planting
Plant Sites
Give Now
National Missions
LCMS
Servant Events
World Missions
Madagascar-LIME
South Sudan Evangelical Lutheran Church
Tanzania-South East of Lake Victoria Diocese
Haiti-Trinity HOPE
Church/School Workers
Compensation & Evaluation
Ordained
SMP
PIF/SET
Colloquy
Commissioned Ministers
Educators
Deaconess
DCE
Lay Ministry Associates
Join Our Team
Schools
Accreditation and the NLSA Process
Educator Resources
Early Childhood Cabinet Members
LCEF
Development
Funding the Ministry
Staff
District President
Business & Finance Executive
Development Executive
Schools & Preschools Executive
LCEF
Resources
COMPASS
Revitalization
A.C.T.S.
S.W.O.T.
C.A.R.
M.A.P.
Business & Finance
Lay Ministry Associates
Youth & Family Ministry
Generation to Generation
Each One Reach One
Funding the Ministry
Human Care & Disaster
Publications
Calendar/Events
Ministry Partner Links
Online Sermons & Children’s Messages
About Us
Convention
THE MID-SOUTH DISTRICT LCMS PRIVACY POLICY
The Mid-South District of the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod (“Mid-South District”) out of respect for your individual interests in the protection of your personal information provides the following Privacy Policy related to use of its website (“site”) and app.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers Mid-South District’s treatment of personally identifiable information that may be collected while you are on Mid-South District’s website, app, when you make donations through the site or app, or that is shared with Mid-South District by its partners.  This policy does not apply to the practices of companies not owned or controlled by Mid-South District or to people who Mid-South District does not employ or manage, nor does it address non-personally identifiable information. If, while using Mid-South’s site or app, you should ever transfer or link to an outside party’s site or app, Mid-South strongly encourages a review of the outside party’s privacy policy before you continue such use.  Mid-South District’s Privacy Policy specifically addresses the following areas:
What personally identifiable information is collected by Mid-South District or by any third party through our siteHow Mid-South District uses this information;With whom Mid-South District may share this information;What choices are available to you as a user of the site with respect to collection, use and distribution of the information;What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; andHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
Mid-South District is the sole owner of the information collected on its site and/or app.  Mid-South District may collect information from you at two different stages.  First, we collect anonymous, aggregate information from all visitors to the site. This information is never linked to any personally identifiable information and is only used to generate general statistical reports about the use of our site. Second, Mid-South District collects personally identifiable information when you create a Mid-South District account or utilize certain services. Online account creation may require you to submit the following personal information:  name, address, company information, email address, and phone number.  For purposes of billing for donations or other giving, you may need to provide your credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address for the credit card.  If using other payment types, if available, other financial information may be required to include personal or business banking information.  Certain personally identifiable information is required if you subscribe to a Mid-South District newsletter or sign up to participate in a promotion, event, survey or other gathering through the site. Mid-South District may also receive personally identifiable information from our partners.  We strongly recommend that anyone under the age of 18 receive permission from their parent or legal guardian before providing any personal information to Mid-South District’s site or app.  Mid-South District would request that nobody provides any personal information of another to its site or app without express permission to do so.
Your Disclosure to Third Parties
To the extent you include personal data in your submissions (such as your email address, phone number or photo of yourself), third parties may be able to identify you, associate you with your user account, and contact you.  Please do not include information in your submissions that you expect to keep private.  Please also note that any personal messages you send or receive using any Mid-South District site or app messaging feature, if available, are only private to the extent that you and the sender keep them private. Mid-South District would have no control over whether a recipient of one of your personal messages publicly posts the contents of such a message.   For all of the foregoing reasons, Mid-South District would again state that no personal information of any other party should be provided without that party’s express consent.
Personal Information Not Collected From You
Mid-South District may have received your personal information from other persons.  Mid-South District may use your personal information to communicate with you.  If you did not directly provide us with your personal information please contact us using the contact information below if you would like your personal information removed.
Location based Information
To understand the location of its users Mid-South District may use, where available, GPS, IP addresses, Wi-Fi hotspot, cell tower, and other technologies to determine the location of the device used to access the site or app.  Unless you provide consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not allow for identification of any specific individual.
Use of Your Personal Information
Mid-South District’s goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a rewarding, educational, efficient and customized Christ-centered experience while using our site and app.  Mid-South District will never give your information to, sell, or share your information with any third party not affiliated with, owned by, or under the control of Mid-South District, except as permitted or required by law.  Mid-South District will send personally identifiable information about you to other parties when:
We have your consent to share the information;We need to share your information to provide services or products you have requested;We need to send the information to another party who works on behalf of Mid-South District to provide a product or service to you.In the event that Mid-South District should merge with or be acquired by another entity within the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod, its site/app user’s personal information may be part of that merger or acquisition.
Disclosure of Personal Information as Required by Law
Mid-South District will disclose personal information when compelled or required to do so by law, or if a good faith belief exists that disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with judicial proceedings, a court order or other legal process, (b) protect and defend the rights of Mid-South District, or (c) protect the rights, property, and other interests of our users or others.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Mid-South District will also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, identify any specific individual.  This information may be collected, used, transferred, and/or disclosed for purposes including but not limited to:
Information including but not limited to zip code, area code, unique device identifier, URL, location, and/or time zone to better understand our user’s regional location and usage to improve the quality and usefulness of our site and app.Information regarding the materials and area accessed on our site and app to help us better understand our user’s needs and desired materials to assist in the ongoing effort to provide the most useful and quality product for our users.Information regarding services and queries may be gathered to improve the relevancy of results provided by our site and app.If we do combine non-personal information with personal information that combined information will be treated as personal information as long as it is combined and the use of that combined information will be governed by the policies regarding personal information.
Information Regarding Children
Mid-South District takes very seriously the safety and security of children and to that end requires extra precautions be taken to protect the safety of children as it relates to the use of its site and app.  Children under the age of 18 are not allowed to create their own accounts or provide any personal information, unless their parent or legal guardian has provided verifiable consent.  Similarly, no photographs, videos or other identifiable items which may reveal personal information regarding a child under the age of 18 shall be provided to or used on Mid-South District site or app without verifiable consent by each child’s parent or legal guardian.  Such consent should be obtained at the time of the photograph, video or other identifying item and retained for review or verification at any time during the use of the image, which may reveal personal information.  If it is learned that Mid-South District has been provided or otherwise collected any personal information of a child under the age of 18 steps will be taken to remove the information or image as soon as possible.  If at any time a parent or legal guardian needs to access, correct, or delete any such data please contact Mid-South District using the contact information below.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and other means to create a profile of our site visitors.  A profile is stored information detailing how individual visitors use the site.  Collected information in a profile is tied to the user’s personally identifiable information.  However, your profile is used solely for internal purposes.  Mid-South District does not share your profile with any third party.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s hard drive for an extended period of time.  The internet browser you use should provide you with instructions as to how to remove these and other cookies should you choose.  Allowing a cookie, as used by Mid-South District, to remain on your computer can make it easier for you to log in and/or use the site/app.
Log Files
Log files record internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP) referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track a user’s movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This site/app may contain links to other sites.  Mid-South District is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or content of these other sites.  When you leave Mid-South District’s site, or view another site through Mid-South District’s site, you are strongly encouraged to read the privacy policy of each other site.  This Privacy Policy only applies solely to information gathered by Mid-South District.
Security
It is the intention of Mid-South District to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the personal information of its users.  Given the nature of the internet, however, there are no infallible security measures and the total security of your personal information cannot be guaranteed.  When registering for access to a secure area of the site or app you may be asked to provide a username and password.  Should that be required we would recommend not sharing that information to further secure your personal information.
Notification of Changes
Mid-South District may edit this policy from time to time.  If any substantive changes are made a notice will be posted to alert you of the change.
Your Privacy Rights
You can help ensure that your information and preferences are accurate, complete and up to date by periodically checking your information for accuracy.  For other personal information held by Mid-South District please contact us using the contact information below to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if it is not required by law to be retained.
If there are any California users of Mid-South District sites or app please be advised that the California Consumer Privacy Act provides California consumers with the right to obtain information about the personal information about you that we collect, use and disclose.  You can exercise your rights through an authorized agent by contacting us using the contact information below.  If you choose to exercise your privacy rights under the laws of California you have the right not to receive any discriminatory treatment as a result.
If there are any Nevada users you have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.  That said, Mid-South District does not sell any personal information obtained from its users.  Any requests to exercise these rights can be directed to Mid-South District using the contact information below.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact Mid-South District using the contact information below.  If your complaint or concern indicates an improvement that could be made in our handling of privacy issues the same will be reviewed by Mid-South District for feasibility to be added to our policy.  In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or concerns regarding your personal information please contact us at:
Webmaster, Mid-South Districtwebmaster@mid-southlcms.com901-373-1343Link: https://mid-southlcms.org/
Primary SidebarFooterAbout Us
Calendar/Events
Constitution and Bylaws
Contact Us
Donate/Make a Gift
Join Our Team
Prayer Update
Publications
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Mid-South District
1675 Wynne Road
Cordova, TN 38016
901-373-1343 || 866-373-1343
Find Church, School, Preschool,
Early Childhood Center
Search this website
tag cloud
50th Anniversary
Africa
anniversary
Chapel of the Good Shepherd Lutheran Church
Christ the King Lutheran Church
church plant
church worker
Concordia
Concordia Plan Services
congregations
CTK
District News
ELCT-SELVD
Faith Lutheran Church
Good Shepherd Lutheran Church
Grace Lutheran Church
Haiti
impact
installation
LCEF
LCMS
leadership
LIME
Lutheran Schools Week
LWML
Madagascar
missions
mission trip
National Youth Gathering
new members
ordination
ordination and installation
outreach
Pastor Installation
President Paavola
Resources
Salem Lutheran Ministries
Tanzania
Trinity/Hope
vbs
volunteers
World Missions
Youth
youth event
youth leaders