https://millerjohnson.com/terms-of-use/
loading...
Miller Johnson Terms of Use Agreement
By using www.millerjohnson.com, and its related domains, social media channels, mobile application, services, information, web postings, products and tools (collectively, “Website”) you, the User, are agreeing to the following terms and principles. This terms of use agreement (“Agreement”) is effective immediately for all Users of the Website and is by and between you, the User and Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. d/b/a Miller Johnson (“Miller Johnson” or “we” or “us”). Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website.
1. Mission
At Miller Johnson, service is our mission since 1959. From our offices in Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo, Michigan, we represent corporate, institutional, and individual clients around the world. We provide counsel to companies and individuals for their most sophisticated legal needs and work to improve quality of life in the communities we serve.
2. User Eligibility
Use of the Website is void where prohibited. Your use of the Website constitutes your representation that (1) all information you submitted in your registration is truthful and accurate: (2) that you will update your registration information when changes occur; (3) that you are at least 13 years of age; (4) that, if you are under the age of 18, you have the authorization of your legal guardian, and (5) that your use of the Website does not violate any state, federal, or other law which applies in your jurisdiction.
3. Accessing the Website and User Consent
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers you will be asked to provide certain registration details, personal information and payment card information. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website, Miller Johnson, its service providers, partners, or affiliates, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy [https://millerjohnson.com/privacy/], and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy (“Consent”).
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
4. User Consent to Share User’s Information with Service Providers
Miller Johnson uses third parties to assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential.
Those trusted third-party partners may:
Provide you and our company, and its affiliated companies with various services
Provide database maintenance and security
Help us manage transactions
Help us process and fulfill orders or requests
Create an account on such third-party site to provide various services to you
By using this Website, the User consents to Miller Johnson sharing the User’s information with its service providers and their service providers.
5. User Contributions
The Website or its social media channels may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website. All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable right to exercise any and all copyright, trademark, publicity, and database rights you have in the content, in any media known now or in the future.
You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
6. Content Standards
The following Content Standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services.  You are responsible for any and all User Contributions, including without limitation data, text, information, usernames, graphics, images, photographs, profiles, audio, video, items, and links which you post to the Website. Please use common sense when posting Content to the Website. Postings which may violate any state, federal, or other law which applies in your jurisdiction, whether civil or criminal, are strictly prohibited. Refrain from posting any Content which contains profanity or nudity. Miller Johnson reserves the right to reject, refuse to post, or delete any Content for any reason, including, but not limited to, Content which, in the sole judgment of Miller Johnson, violates this Agreement or which otherwise may be deemed offensive or rude. Miller Johnson does not assume responsibility for monitoring user posted Content. However, if you believe you have identified a violation of this Agreement, please report the abuse to the Privacy Officer whose contact information is listed below.
7. Miller Johnson’s Intellectual Property and Trademark Rights
The Website, its features, and functionality including but not limited to the software, displays of information (including text, audio, video, images) and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof are owned by the Miller Johnson and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
All content posted by Miller Johnson is protected by copyright laws and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, sold, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any commercial or for profit manner without the prior written consent of Miller Johnson.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Website.
Miller Johnson and related logos are subject to copyright and trademark protections. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Miller Johnson.
8. Authors and Bloggers
As stated below, Miller Johnson does not warrant any of the information provided on the Website. Please use common senses when reviewing articles and blogs posted by our staff or community members. You should not rely in any way on any information posted on the Website.
9. Advertisers
The Website may contain advertising and sponsorships. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Website is accurate and complies with applicable laws. We are not responsible for the illegality or any error, inaccuracy or problem in the advertiser’s or sponsor’s materials.
10. Privacy
Your privacy is very important to Miller Johnson. Please read Miller Johnson’s Privacy Policy [https://millerjohnson.com/privacy/]. Miller Johnson’s Privacy Policy, as it may change from time to time, shall be considered a part of this Agreement.
11. Online Payments
All payments made through the Website or resulting from visits made by you are governed by your Engagement Letter Standard Terms where applicable, which are hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Miller Johnson does not collect payment card information, for example debit or credit card information, (“PCI”) from Users. MILLER JOHNSON USES A THIRD-PARTY HOSTED PAYMENT PAGE AND PCI PROCESSOR. BY SUBMITTING PAYMENT THROUGH MILLER JOHNSON’S WEBSITE, you CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL AND PCI INFORMATION BY OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS.
12. Liability Limitation
The liability, if any, of Miller Johnson and its agents, servants, representatives, members, officers, and employees with regard to your use of the Website for any claims, costs, damages, losses, and expenses for which they are or may be legally liable, shall not exceed $25.00. In no event shall Miller Johnson and its agents, servants, representatives, members, officers, and employees be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages.
13. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Miller Johnson and its partners, agents, officers, directors, employees, subcontractors, successors, assigns, third party suppliers of information and documents, advertisers, product and service providers, and affiliates, harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Website.
14. No Waiver
Miller Johnson’s failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement does not waive future enforcement.
15. Disclaimer of Warranty
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
You expressly agree that use of this Website is at your sole risk. Neither Miller Johnson, its affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, service providers, or licensors (collectively, “Providers”), or the like, warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of this Website, or as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, security, or currency of the Content.  The Content may contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, or outdated information. Further, Miller Johnson does not warrant reliability of any content displayed or distributed through the Website.
THIS WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “WHERE IS,” AND “WHERE AVAILABLE” BASIS. MILLER JOHNSON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MILLER JOHNSON EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE OR ANY GOODS OR OTHER PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED, SOLD, OR DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE OR YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE GENERALLY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY OF INFORMATION, QUALITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT SUCH JURISDICTION’S LAW APPLIES TO THIS AGREEMENT.
16. Governing Law
The Agreement shall be governed and controlled by the laws of the State of Michigan as to interpretation, enforcement, validity, construction, and effect and in all other respects.
17. Forum Selection
Any dispute arising under or in connection with the Agreement or related to any matter which is the subject of the Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and/or federal courts located in Kent County Michigan.
18. Notice to Miller Johnson
All notices to Miller Johnson under this Agreement may be sent using the following information.
Betsy Raymond
Email address: privacy@millerjohnson.com
Postal address: 45 Ottawa SW Suite 1100, Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.