https://millerjohnson.com/practices/personal-legal-services/divorce/
loading...
“I was introduced to Miller Johnson through a good friend who was helped during her divorce. I never imagined myself in this position, but I knew I was in for the fight of my life. During the worst time of my life, the team at Miller Johnson held me up and empowered me to take the necessary steps to gain resolution and take back my life. I am forever grateful and would recommend Miller Johnson to anyone who is seeking legal advice in all matters. They truly care for their clients.”
Divorce is stressful. Having experienced, attentive and caring attorneys can make all the difference in the world.  Our attorneys know how to guide you through the anxiety that comes from treading unfamiliar territory to a successful outcome.
When you’re depending on qualified advice, you want assurance of your attorney’s skill. Our client representation is best exemplified through peer and industry recognition:
U. S. News & World Report – Best Lawyers® first-tier rankings in Family Law
Two (2) the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers Fellows
2017 Best Lawyers® Grand Rapids “Lawyer of the Year” Collaborative Law
2016 Best Lawyers® Grand Rapids “Lawyer of the Year” Family Law
2013 Best Lawyers® Grand Rapids “Lawyer of the Year” Family Law
You deserve to be confident in your attorney. Come and talk to us before deciding who to trust with the next step in your life.  We’re ready to represent you.
Contact
Melissa L. Neckers
Chair
T  616.831.1759
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Jason P. Colvin
Associate
Kalamazoo
colvinj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2985
View profile
View Profile
Melissa L. Neckers
Senior Counsel
Grand Rapids
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1759
View profile
View Profile
Julie A. Sullivan
Member
Kalamazoo
sullivanj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2964
View profile
View Profile
Rhondda M. Williams
Paralegal
Kalamazoo
williamsr@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2965
View profile
Related News
December 03, 2019
Colvin Joins Miller Johnson Family Law Group
Read more
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.