https://millerjohnson.com/privacy/
loading...
Miller Johnson’s Privacy Policy
This version was last updated on March, 15, 2019
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to our Privacy Policy for our website, www.millerjohnson.com, (“Website”) of Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. d/b/a Miller Johnson (“Miller Johnson” or “we” or “us”) in the United States.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our Website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights.
By using our Website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Website.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS
CALIFORNIA RESIDENT’S PRIVACY RIGHTS
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
At Miller Johnson, service is our mission since 1959. From our offices in Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo, Michigan, we represent corporate, institutional, and individual clients around the world. We provide counsel to companies and individuals for their most sophisticated legal needs and work to improve quality of life in the communities we serve.
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how we collect and processes your personal data through your use of this Website, including any data you may provide through this Website when you sign up to our newsletter, or purchase a product or service.
This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children consistent with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child under age 13 without the parent or legal guardian’s verified consent, we will use that information only to respond to the child/parent/guardian to inform the child that he or she may not use the Website.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other Privacy Policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other policies and is not intended to override them.
Miller Johnson’s Contact Information
Our contact details are:
Betsy Raymond
Email address: privacy@millerjohnson.com
Postal address: 45 Ottawa SW Suite 1100, Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Your Duty to Notify Us of Changes
We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-Party Links
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
2.  THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We or our service providers may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, job title, date of birth.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes payment card details, account numbers, expiration dates.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
3.  HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your personal data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our Website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
conduct a survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our Website, we may automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
Third-party sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties including our third-party service providers.  We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions upon our behalf. Examples include storing and analyzing data, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), providing customer service, and payment processing. They have access to user information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
4.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: (a) where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you; (b) where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and rights do not override those interests; (c) where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We use your data in the following ways:
To register you as a new guest;
To process and deliver your order, manage payments, fees, and charges;
To manage our relationship with you;
To enable you to complete a survey;
To administer and protect our Website;
To deliver relevant Website content and advertisements to you;
To use data analytics to improve our Website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences;
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Marketing and Outreach
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing. You can manage the marketing and outreach we provide to you by opting out, which is described in the “Opting Out” section below.
Opting Out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by replying to a marketing email with “unsubscribe” in the subject line, clicking “unsubscribe” in the marketing email itself, or by Contacting us at any time.
5.  DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.  Those trusted third-party partners may:
Provide you and members with various services
Provide database maintenance and security
Help us manage transactions
Help us process and fulfill orders or requests
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
6.  DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7.  DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
8.  YOUR RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent to us processing your personal data.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, or if you have a complaint please Contact us.  Miller Johnson commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Inquiries or complaints regarding the processing of personal data should first be directed to Miller Johnson at privacy@millerjohnson.com.
9.  CALIFORNIA RESIDENT’S PRIVACY RIGHTS
Miller Johnson does not track its Users over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore or does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
California’s “Shine the Light” law permits individual California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at privacy@millerjohnson.com. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.