https://millerjohnson.com/practices/personal-legal-services/crisis-management/
loading...
Our crisis management attorneys represent individuals and families in a wide array of sensitive matters, including investigations, crisis management and criminal and non-criminal activity. When a client is facing a threatening circumstance, we provide solutions using discrete and decisive means.
Our attorneys have experience with federal, state and local law enforcement agencies to coordinate efforts on behalf of clients in a manner that protects rights and ensures privacy. We have handled matters out of the public eye that pose significant risk to the reputation of families and individuals.  When the matter is unfolding publicly, our experience with government officials and agencies and the media has minimized the amount of exposure while maintaining preeminent representation.
While not limited in scope, the types of services we provide include:
Investigation
Out-of-court settlement
Conflict resolution
Termination of threatening activities
Response to potentially-damaging information
Preparation of litigation
Contacts
Matthew L. Vicari
Chair
T  616.831.1762
vicarim@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Jason M. Crow, CIPP/US
Member
Grand Rapids
crowj@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1745
View profile
View Profile
Richard E. Hillary II
Member
Grand Rapids
hillaryr@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1774
View profile
View Profile
Matthew L. Vicari
Member
Grand Rapids
vicarim@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1762
View profile
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.