https://millerjohnson.com/practices/personal-legal-services/personal-injury-wrongful-death/
loading...
Accidents can happen. Personal responsibility is important. But in some cases the actions of others may be the cause. Throughout our firm’s history we have handled plaintiffs’ wrongful death and serious personal injury cases with the same thoroughness and integrity common to our firm’s other practice groups. This part of our practice has grown over the years to where a number of our lawyers now concentrate their work in this area of the law. We’ve got experienced lawyers who really know what they’re doing.
We’ve handled cases involving:
Auto and truck accidents
Wrongful death claims
Auto no-fault claims
Motorcycle accidents
Boating accidents
Burn cases
Snowmobile accidents
Many other serious personal injury claims
If you are uncertain if your case has merit or is appropriate for Miller Johnson, it will cost you nothing to find out.  Your first consultation is free of charge.
Some people avoid large law firms for their personal injury and wrongful death claims because they fear higher fees. Miller Johnson handles these cases on the same contingency fee basis that single lawyers and small firms do. In contingency cases, if there is no recovery, there are no legal fees (though there may remain an obligation for expenses). So it won’t cost you more to retain our firm. Talk to us about fees, and we’ll be glad to explain how we can handle your case in a way that makes financial sense for you.
Why retain Miller Johnson?
You get aggressive, experienced lawyers. You won’t be dealing with attorneys who spend much of their time drafting wills, handling divorces and real estate transactions, and doing corporate work. At Miller Johnson you’ll be hiring lawyers who concentrate in these kinds of cases, who can give your case the benefit of “been there, done that.”
You will also get our team approach. Would you rather have one lawyer who has to know and do everything, or an experienced lead attorney backed up by a group of lawyers who practice in this area of the law and who can discuss what to do, how to resolve troubling issues, and what is the best judgment call to make in your case?
Our attorneys have experience in all related areas. Personal injury and wrongful death cases often touch on other areas of the law, such as probate, taxation, estate planning, collections, bankruptcy, employment, corporate law, etc. When that happens, we won’t be “winging it” as some lawyers might have to. Our firm has lawyers who concentrate in each of those areas and others as well. We have available to us a wide range of legal experience.
Plaintiffs’ medical malpractice cases? We don’t take them.
Our firm represents many medical professionals and providers, so as a matter of firm policy we don’t take any plaintiffs’ cases that allege medical malpractice. However, if you have such a claim, we can probably help guide you to excellent lawyers who practice in that area.
Outside experts: We’ve got the necessary access
Our firm has excellent access to outside accident reconstructionists, private investigators, doctors and nurses, engineers, safety experts, structured settlement companies, and the like. If your case needs outside experts, we know where to find them.
Prompt legal counsel is important
In personal injury and wrongful death cases, quality legal representation should always be obtained as soon as possible. Memories fade, witnesses disappear, accident scenes change, injuries heal. Some claims have very short notice requirements to preserve the claim. Statutes of limitation may completely bar meritorious claims where people wait too long to contact an attorney. Don’t delay.
Contact
Matthew L. Vicari
Chair
T  616.831.1762
vicarim@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Robert J. Christians
Member
Grand Rapids
christiansr@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1710
View profile
View Profile
Richard E. Hillary II
Member
Grand Rapids
hillaryr@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1774
View profile
View Profile
Matthew L. Vicari
Member
Grand Rapids
vicarim@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1762
View profile
Related News
November 09, 2020
Miller Johnson Ranked in “Best Law Firms”
Read more
August 19, 2016
Attorneys are Recognized as Best Lawyers in Forty-Four Distinct Practice Areas
Read more
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.