https://millerjohnson.com/practices/personal-legal-services/child-spousal-support-custody-parenting-time/
loading...
The breakup of a marriage is a difficult experience and process. You will not be divorced overnight as the process takes time in the court system.  This progression is never easy on children.  At every step during your divorce, remind yourself that your children’s interests – not yours – are paramount, and act accordingly.  Ultimately, the resulting Judgment of Divorce will deal with:
Child Support
Children need emotional and financial support from both parents. Even when a child’s parents do not live together, it is important they work together to support and be a part of their child’s life. Child support is determined by state formula based on the income of the parents and other factors. Parties cannot bargain away or set limits on a child’s right to receive support.
Regular payment of child and medical support provides:
Decreased conflict between parents
Increased involvement of the non-custodial parents
Increased chance of children reaching their full potential
Spousal Support
Spousal support, previously called alimony, is money paid to one’s former spouse for his or her support. The court considers these factors, and more, in awarding spousal support:
The past relations and conduct of the parties
The length of the marriage
The ability of the parties to work and their respective income
Child Custody and Parenting Time
Child custody and parenting time are the most emotional and difficult issues in divorce cases. Custody may take many forms, including:
sole custody
joint custody
shared custody
primary custody
Custody has two prongs, physical and legal. As a general rule, legal custody is awarded jointly to both parents.  The basis for determining custody is “the best interest of the child.”  Best interest standards are gender neutral and contain no preferences for either parent.
Divorce settlements and judgments determine financial obligations and custody rights for both spouses. Protecting our client’s interests is vital to our family law practice.  In doing so, we also work to safeguard the well-being and support for everyone involved.
Contact
Melissa L. Neckers
Chair
T  616.831.1759
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Jason P. Colvin
Associate
Kalamazoo
colvinj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2985
View profile
View Profile
Melissa L. Neckers
Senior Counsel
Grand Rapids
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1759
View profile
View Profile
Julie A. Sullivan
Member
Kalamazoo
sullivanj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2964
View profile
View Profile
Rhondda M. Williams
Paralegal
Kalamazoo
williamsr@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2965
View profile
Related News
December 03, 2019
Colvin Joins Miller Johnson Family Law Group
Read more
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.