https://millerjohnson.com/practices/business-corporate/privacy-data-security/
loading...
Miller Johnson’s Privacy & Cybersecurity group provides clients industry-specific expertise focusing on cyber-risk management, information security and governance, data breach response, and information technology and M&A transactions counseling that leverages our strategic alliances with a global team of cybersecurity service providers, experts, and attorneys.
Cyber-risk Management Consulting
Miller Johnson’s Privacy & Cybersecurity team helps private companies and government entities manage information and mitigate risk associated with the collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive information about their customers and employees.  The complex framework of global legal requirements governing data flows demands an inter-disciplinary team approach that like the Internet, spans the globe.  Our experience spans a range of industry sectors including manufacturing, healthcare, construction and engineering, consumer goods and retail, automotive, government entities, and non-profits.   Specific privacy and cybersecurity services we provide for our clients include:
development and implementation of comprehensive privacy policies and procedures
investigations and training programs related to privacy in the workplace
response and management of data breaches and investigations following a breach including notification and credit monitoring
ensuring compliance with Data Protection regulations, including adaptation to the EU GDPR
conducting data protection assessments and audits
advising on the transfer of personal data across borders
advising government entities regarding the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act (CIPA) and Department of Homeland Security cybersecurity assessments
providing consultation and training to Data Protection Officers
due diligence with mergers and acquisition transactions to protect deal information
compliance with healthcare privacy regulations including HIPAA and HITECH
advising on PCI compliance and point of sale cybersecurity
recommendations and negotiations on insurance policies which historically have a wide variation in forms, terms, and coverage
recommendations and negotiations with respect to third-party data storage providers
Data Breach Response
In the event of a data breach, we provide immediate and comprehensive incident response and investigation under the protection of the attorney-client privilege.  Our team’s extensive experience working with the government on both civil and criminal matters of all sizes and scope makes us effective in coordinating an organization’s engagement with law enforcement and federal and state regulators.
We have advised both public sector and private organizations in response to data breaches.  We have assisted these organizations in determining the attack vector and scope of the breach, assessing regulatory compliance requirements, managing data breach notifications, updating policies and procedures, and conducting training on those policies and procedures.
To assist organizations in assessing their data breach preparedness, Miller Johnson has prepared a Data Breach Toolkit.  Organizations can use the Toolkit on their own or with Miller Johnson’s assistance to enhance their cybersecurity posture.
Information Technology and M&A Transactions
Business runs on technology and data, and we advise clients across industries how to mitigate risk in this environment. We support our Corporate and M&A teams where technology and/or sensitive data is a strategic component of a deal or a commercial transaction. For clients engaged in acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and other technology transactions, we regularly advise clients regarding:
Transaction due diligence
Principal transaction documents
Transition-services agreements
Technology-focused agreements
Internal and external compliance programs
Licensing and cloud services agreements, SaaS agreements
Data protection agreements
IT equipment and services agreements
Software and website development agreements
Global Team Approach
Miller Johnson’s Privacy & Cybersecurity practice is enhanced by our strategic alliances with identity theft protection services, information technology and security experts, cyber-risk insurance providers, and membership in the Meritas Data Protection Group, an international team of expert privacy lawyers.  Meritas is a leading global network of independent law firms spanning over 80 countries around the world.  Miller Johnson’s membership in Meritas provides clients with unparalleled access to a global team of expert privacy attorneys who can resolve clients’ domestic and international data protection legal needs and advise on international regulatory developments.  Our strategic alliances and team approach provide clients a wide range of cybersecurity-related services, including identity theft protection and credit monitoring, managed IT cybersecurity services, and cyber-risk insurance tailored to your organization’s needs.
Contacts
Jason M. Crow, CIPP/US
Chair
T  616.831.1745
crowj@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Jason M. Crow, CIPP/US
Member
Grand Rapids
crowj@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1745
View profile
View Profile
Timothy C. Gutwald
Member
Grand Rapids
gutwaldt@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1727
View profile
View Profile
Jeffrey G. Muth
Member
Grand Rapids
muthjg@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1706
View profile
View Profile
Tripp VanderWal
Member
Grand Rapids
vanderwalt@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1796
View profile
View Profile
Matthew L. Vicari
Member
Grand Rapids
vicarim@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1762
View profile
Related Publications
December 21, 2016
New HIPAA Guidance: How to Comply With HIPAA and Support Public Health Initiatives
Read more
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.