https://millerjohnson.com/practices/personal-legal-services/family-law/
loading...
When Wealth Preservation and Privacy Matter
No matter how complicated or simple your divorce may be, it is an emotional and difficult time for your family, including your children and extended family. The process and associated court procedures often bring with them complex issues dealing with custody, parenting time, finances, retirement, debt, taxes and business valuations. Generally speaking, a divorce is “complex” when the stakes involved are high, as in cases with custody disputes, substantial assets, cases involving self-employed business owners, family-owned businesses or unusual assets such as inheritances/gifts.
Our attorneys have experience in all areas of family law including:
Private Out-Of-Court Settlements
Confidential Collaborative Practice
Private Mediation
Child Custody/Parenting Time
Business Valuations
Cohabitation Agreements
Child Support
Spousal Support/Alimony
Grandparent Visitation
Domestic Violence
Division of Unusual Assets
Self-employment Income
Electronic Discovery
Preservation of Assets
Forensic Accounting
Retirement Benefits
Guardian Ad Litem
Pre-marital Agreements
Miller Johnson has selected highly recognized attorneys to assist you with your family law matters. U. S. News & World Report – Best Lawyers has awarded Miller Johnson first-tier rankings in Family Law in both Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo, the only firm to receive such recognition. Our attorneys are recognized as fellows in the prestigious American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers (AAML), listed as The Best Lawyers in America®, designated as Super Lawyers in Michigan (an honor that is limited to only 5% of the attorneys in the State of Michigan), selected by their peers and competitors as “Leadings Lawyers” and are top-rated by Martindale-Hubbell.
While our lawyers are classically trained in litigation and have extensive experience with trial court litigation, more often than not we begin all cases seeking an amicable out-of-court settlement. Our primary goal is wealth preservation through private out-of-court proceedings. As a consequence, our attorneys are experienced in negotiating private divorce settlements and are trained in the use of private alternative dispute resolution including mediation, collaborative practice, and arbitration as a means to keep your matter private.
Our team can provide services in the pre-divorce planning stage, as well, and in drafting premarital agreements. In working with our clients and fashioning confidential settlements we apply the highest professional standards and respectful approach to resolving an emotional life changing event. Our attorneys work in close cooperation with our clients’ other professionals such as accountants, counselors or financial planners.
If you partner with Miller Johnson, you will join a team of highly qualified family law attorneys which operates similar to a small boutique law firm while having all of the large firm advantages. Miller Johnson is a full service law firm with offices located in Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo. We have significant resources at our fingertips in other areas of the law including business/corporate, employment, real estate, estate planning and tax, just to name a few.
We pride ourselves on giving our clients “Down to Earth” advice and “Down to Business” services. We would be pleased to serve your family law matter.
Contacts
Melissa L. Neckers
Chair
T  616.831.1759
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
Practicing Attorneys
View Profile
Jason P. Colvin
Associate
Kalamazoo
colvinj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2985
View profile
View Profile
Neil J. Marchand
Member
Grand Rapids
marchandn@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1764
View profile
View Profile
Melissa L. Neckers
Senior Counsel
Grand Rapids
neckersm@millerjohnson.com
T 616.831.1759
View profile
View Profile
Julie A. Sullivan
Member
Kalamazoo
sullivanj@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2964
View profile
View Profile
Rhondda M. Williams
Paralegal
Kalamazoo
williamsr@millerjohnson.com
T 269.226.2965
View profile
Related Publications
March 28, 2017
Did Prenuptial Agreements Really Take a Hit in Michigan?
Read more
Related News
November 09, 2020
Miller Johnson Ranked in “Best Law Firms”
Read more
December 03, 2019
Colvin Joins Miller Johnson Family Law Group
Read more
November 01, 2019
“Best Law Firms” Increases Number of Core Practice Areas Miller Johnson is Recognized For
Read more
November 01, 2018
“Best Law Firms” Recognizes Miller Johnson for Core Practice Areas
Read more
August 21, 2018
Best Lawyers Recognizes Forty-Four Attorneys and Names Seven as Lawyers of the Year
Read more
November 01, 2017
“Best Law Firms” Recognizes Miller Johnson with Increased Number of Tier One Rankings for Core Practice Areas
Read more
November 02, 2016
“Best Law Firms” Recognize Miller Johnson with Tier One Rankings in Thirty-One Practice Areas
Read more
August 19, 2016
Attorneys are Recognized as Best Lawyers in Forty-Four Distinct Practice Areas
Read more
Attorneys
Practices
Firm
Contact
News
Publications
Blogs
Publication Signup
Events
Careers
Online Payment
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
© . Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey, P.L.C. All Rights Reserved. 616.831.1700
Email Disclaimer
Please be advised that contacting Miller Johnson or one of its attorneys by email does not constitute establishing an attorney-client relationship or otherwise confidential relationship between you and the Firm. Please do not give us any information you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you give to us before establishing an attorney-client relationship will not be regarded as privileged or confidential. Do you wish to proceed?
Cancel
I agree
Publication Signup
To receive firm communications, please select from the list of topics, complete your contact information, and Sign Up below.
ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY
All communications
Business and Corporate
Employment and Labor
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Family Law
Health Care
Health Care Reform
Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Private Client - Estate Planning, Probate, Wills & Trusts
Real Estate and Construction
Taxation
Unsubscribe
Please leave this field empty.