http://miltonridge.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Book A Tour Today! (240) 257-2560
About
Video Tour
Reviews
Event Pricing
Contact Us
Weddings
Wedding Packages
Micro Weddings / Elopement
Meetings & Events
Mitvahs & Milestones
Quinceañera
Corporate Meeting Event Venue
Services
Blog
Galleries
Wedding Chapel
Reception Hall
Tudor-Style Bridal Cottage
Outdoor Wedding Venue
Corporate Event Space
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Milton Ridge Inc’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://miltonridge.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 25 January 2019.
Everything You need
Fine Cuisine
Delicious fresh food prepared on-site just for you and your guests
Handpicked Vendors
Music to your ears: Partners that are proven to offer the best quality service for your event
Planning Services
We sweat the small stuff. We do this every day to make your life easier