http://ministryideaz.com/terms.asp
Go!
Menu
New!
New Arrivals
Top Sellers
Gift Ideaz
Under $10
Under $25
Over $75
For Him
For Her
For Dads & Moms
For Baptism
For New Pioneer
Gift Certificates
2021
Bookmarks & Magnets
Pens & Styluses
Calendars
Binders
KIDZ
Kids' cases
0-3 years
3-7 years
7-13 years
13-19 years
Family
Activities
Bible Software
Music
Books and Videos
Take Notes
For the 'Our Christian Life and Ministry' meeting
For the Public Meeting and Watchtower Study
For Assemblies and Conventions
Pens & Styluses
Bookmarks & Magnets
Ministry
Letter Writing
Phone Witnessing
Magazine Folders and Service Organizers
Tract Folders & Holders
For iPads & tablets
For Sign Language
Book Bags
Meeting Cases
Service Bags
Totes
Book Covers
For the New World Translation
NWT Covers (Regular Edition)
NWT + Song book combos
NWT Covers (Pocket Bible)
NWT Covers (Large Print Edition)
NWT Covers (Study Edition)
Song Book Covers
Transparent Vinyl Covers
Premium Leather and Imitation Leather Covers
Cards
New
Greeting Card Sets
Baptism
Wedding and Anniversary
Get Well
Friendship
New Baby
Encouragement
Sympathy
Service
Thank You
Pioneering
Theocratic Goals
Love
Congratulations
Margaret Keane
Spanish
Amistad y Agradecimiento
Bautismo
Bendiciones, Hoy y Manana
Boda y Aniversario
Condolencia
Consejo Biblico
Consuelo o Animo Espiritual
Estudio y Meditacion
Mejorese Pronto
Metas e Hitos
Oracion y Suplicacion
Ministerio y Reuniones
Nuevo Bebe
More
Face Masks
JW Novelty Items
Magnets
Media
En espanol
En francais
Em portugues
SALE!
Dollar Dayz
Clearance Items
Receive coupons via email
Help
Site Help / FAQ
My Account
Login / Register
My Orders
Account Summary
Shipping
Log out
Returns
About Us
About Our Products
Contact Us
Testimonials
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Ministry Ideaz. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Ministry Ideaz. Copyright 2003, Ministry Ideaz ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Ministry Ideaz or purchasing Ministry Ideaz products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Ministry Ideaz or to purchase Ministry Ideaz products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Ministry Ideaz. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Ministry Ideaz used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Ministry Ideaz
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Ministry Ideaz disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Ministry Ideaz does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Ministry Ideaz does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Images Disclaimer
Ministry Ideaz is dedicated to constantly improving our products and we strive to depict our products as accurately as possible. However, since we endeavour to make improvements whenever possible, some the photos on the website may not always exactly reflect these changes.
We cannot guarantee the accuracy of colours as this is also dependant on your computer monitor.
Since each piece is hand-made and there may be some slight variations. Remember: our leather and leatherette products aren’t manufactured by robots. An artisan individually handcrafts each one and no two will ever be exactly alike. Color variations within our acceptable range are normal. This is proof that genuine cowhide leather has been used. We try our best to keep products the same tone, but cannot guarantee this.
Limitation of Liability
Ministry Ideaz shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Ministry Ideaz has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Ministry Ideaz product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Ministry Ideaz reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Ministry Ideaz reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Ministry Ideaz shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Ministry Ideaz without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NoticeMinistry Ideaz may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Ministry Ideaz.
MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Ministry Ideaz products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Ministry Ideaz products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Ministry Ideaz's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Ministry Ideaz may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Ministry Ideaz or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation DisclaimerMinistry Ideaz does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Ministry Ideaz is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Ministry Ideaz reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Ministry Ideaz in its sole discretion.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Ministry Ideaz, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Ministry Ideaz may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Ministry Ideaz, Ministry Ideaz has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Ministry Ideaz. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Ministry Ideaz seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
14758
Certified reviews Powered by YOTPO