https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/food/farmers-market-coupons.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Food
Farmers' Market Coupons
Farmers' Market CouponsYou may qualify to receive coupons to purchase fresh, locally grown fruits and vegetables at local farmers markets through the Farmers' Market Coupon Program.
What’s new this week? Order online by 7pm Thursday and pick up from the safely of your vehicle on Saturday! Find out more at missoulafarmersmarket.localfoodmarketplace.com.
COVID-19 policies are in place and face masks are mandatory. Older adults can designate another person to go to the market for them, or order online and pick up without leaving the safety of their vehicle!
Farmers' Market coupons are available each spring and are given to qualified recipients in bundles of $2 coupons that can be spent at participating produce stands at participating Farmers' Markets.
How to ApplyEligible recipients are age 60 or older, Missoula County residents who meet federal income guidelines.
Fill out the Farmers' Market Coupon Program application form. You can download the form by clicking the button below.
Please complete the application on both sides. You must sign and date on the back.
Please do not write zero for total household income; the state will not accept this.
Would you like to have someone else pick up coupons and/or shop at the market for you? If so, include the name of a person (proxy) to act on your behalf. We will not give the coupons to anyone other than you or the person you designate on the application as proxy.
Mail your application to Missoula Aging Services, 337 Stephens Ave, Missoula, MT 59801. You can also return your application by email to dthompson@missoulaagingservices.org.
Eligible applicants will be contacted by phone in June to inform them when they can pick up and sign for their coupons.
Farmers' Market Coupon Application - PDF
Farmers' Market Coupon Application - Word Doc
Farmers' Market LocationsYou can spend your Farmers' Market coupons this season at either of the Missoula Farmers' Market locations, or at the Seeley Lake Farmers' Market with participating market vendors.
Market coupons are seasonal and can only be used from spring until fall each year depending on summer market dates. For 2020, coupons are valid from June 1 to October 19.
Farmers' Market Locations and Times
Missoula Farmers' Market
Missoula Clark Fork Market
Seeley Lake Farmers' Market
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook