https://missionservices.ca/terms/
Skip to main content
ALERT
COVID-19 Response Fund
Close Alert
View Main Menu
HomeTerms and Conditions
By using this Website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and legal disclaimer. If you do not agree with any of these terms or conditions, you should not use this Website.
You agree that your use of this Website including downloading material) is at your sole risk. Information on this Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without warranty of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory. Information on this Website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and may be changed or updated without notice.
Mission Services of London makes no representations whatsoever about any other Website which you may access through this Website. When you access a non- Mission Services of London website, please understand that it is independent from Mission Services of London and that Mission Services of London has no liability or control over the content on that website. Mission Services of London does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of any hyperlinked website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you access or select for your use is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
In no event will Mission Services of London be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages for any use of or inability to use this Website or any other hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any injuries, fines, fees, penalties, lost profits, lost savings, business interruption, lost data, loss of programs or of use, whether on information handling systems or otherwise, even if we are advised of the possibility of such damages.
You should assume that all materials on this Website are protected by copyright or other intellectual property right unless otherwise noted and that all such materials may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with the express written consent of Mission Services of London.
In using this Website you agree that you shall not:
Post, upload, publish, reproduce or otherwise distribute information or other material
constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability, such as defamatory or pornographic content, or
which is protected by copyright, or other intellectual property right, without first obtaining the written permission of the copyright owner or right holder; or
Otherwise use this Website in a manner which is contrary to law including, without limitation, the posting or transmitting of any information or software which contains a virus or other harmful or disruptive component.
Mission Services of London adheres to its privacy statement, posted on this Website, in its collection, use and disclosure of personal information. By accessing and using this Website, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure, retention and disposal of the personal information that you provide to Mission Services. You acknowledge having read the Mission Services of London Privacy Policy.
Mission Services of London may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your use or access to all or part of this Website for any reason without prior notice.
You may link to the front page of this Website at www.missionservices.ca. Any other link to this website and any linking to pages within the site or the reuse or framing of content on this site is prohibited, without the prior consent of Mission Services of London.
These terms and conditions, including any documents referenced herein and any other applicable terms and conditions contained on this Website, constitute the entire agreement between Mission Services of London and you pertaining to your use of this Website. Mission Services of London’s failure to enforce any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of such provision. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these terms and conditions will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and Ontario Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any action or proceeding related to this Website.
Programs
Community Mental Health ProgramsMen's MissionMission StoreQuintin Warner HouseRotholme Family Shelter
I want updates Receive inspiring stories, event invites, giving opportunities, and volunteer openings
Your Name*
Email Address*
Please leave this field empty.
Copyright © 2020 Mission Services of LondonLink to Follow us on TwitterLink to Like us on FacebookLink to Subscribe to us on YouTube