https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/daily-living/veteran-directed-care.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Daily Living
Veteran Directed Care
Veteran Directed CareIf you are a veteran, you may be able to receive support for living independently at home through the Veteran Directed Care program.
The Veteran Directed Care (VDC) program empowers qualified veterans to hire and supervise personal care aides to help with daily needs. The VA determines the eligibility of the veteran and qualification is based on the veteran’s level of need. Participants work with a dedicated MAS Care Coordinator to create a plan that fits their individual situation.
Who is Eligible for Veteran Directed Care?Veteran Directed Care is available to veterans who meet these three criteria:
Are residents of Missoula or Ravalli Counties
Are enrolled in the VA Health Care System
Are determined to be eligible by doing a Geriatric Extended Care Assessment (GEC) with the VA
Because this program is self-directed, participants must also be able to coordinate their own care, or designate an individual to manage services on their behalf.
How Does the VDC Program Work?Each participant (or their representative) is responsible for hiring, training, scheduling and managing their Personal Care Aide (PCA). Participants may hire family members or friends to be their PCA, or may advertise in the community.
Personal Care Aides can help with various everyday tasks:
Assistance with personal care such as bathing, dressing and grooming.
Assistance with household tasks like cleaning, shopping, laundry and meal preparation.
MAS staff check in regularly to provide support, and manage payroll for the PCA through 406 Financial Services.
How to get startedAre you interested in the VDC program and already enrolled with the VA Health Care System? Follow these steps to get started:
Request a GEC (Geriatric Extended Care Assessment) from the VA
If the VA approves you for the Veteran Directed Care program, contact us at (406) 721-6953
If you need to enroll with the VA Health Care System first, find out how to enroll here.
More Information About the VDC ProgramClick the link below for further details about the VDC program:
VDC Fast Facts
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook