https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/daily-living/transportation.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Daily Living
Transportation
photo credit: Mountain Line
TransportationIf you need to get somewhere in Missoula and Ravalli Counties but aren’t able to drive, there are local transportation services that can help.
Missoula Aging Services works to promote the importance of affordable alternative transportation options for Missoula and Ravalli County residents, and can help you find transportation to fit your needs.
See below for no-cost and fee-for-service transportation options for older adults and people with disabilities, in Missoula and Ravalli Counties. For more information or help call us at (406) 728-6782.
Mountain Line BusesMountain Line provides no cost transportation options in the Missoula area, including fixed routes, ADA Paratransit and Shuttle Van services.
Zero Fare Service Mountain Line BusesMissoula Aging Services is a partner with Mountain Line bus service to help provide rides at no cost to all Missoula residents. All of Mountain Line’s fixed route services have buses with lifts or ramps to assist passengers who may be unable to climb stairs.
Phone:
(406) 721-3333
Fees:
This service is provided at no cost.
Schedule:
Transfer Station – 200 W. Pine St., Missoula, MT 59802
Monday – Friday 6 am – 8:45 pm
Saturday 9 am – 6 pm
No Sunday or Holiday Service
Service Area:
Click the "Service Area" link above for a route map. Routes cover the City of Missoula, west to Missoula International Airport and east to Bonner. Special routes include Saturday Farmer’s and People’s Markets, and Wednesday for the Out to Lunch Program.
Click here for additional information about Mountain Line routes and schedules.
ADA Paratransit and Shuttle VanThe ADA Paratransit provides curb-to-curb service for people with disabilities that prevent them from using Mountain Line’s fixed route bus service.
The Shuttle Van is a complementary curb-to-curb service that provides transportation for people 60 and older who do not qualify for ADA ParatranSave & Closesit Service.
Phone Number:
(406) 721-2848
Fees:
This service is available at no cost.
Service Area:
Click the link above for a map of where ADA Paratransit and Shuttle Van services are available.
Click here for additional information about ADA paratransit and Shuttle Van services.
MedicabMedicab provides door-to-door transportation service for Medicaid and non-Medicaid clients. Services are for non-emergency medical, dental or psychiatric appointments. Wheelchair vans can be provided by request.
Scheduling:
Medicaid clients: 1-800-292-7114 to schedule, then (406) 327-1510 to verify
Non-Medicaid (Private pay) clients: (406) 327-1510
Fees:
Service is usually covered for Medicaid customers.
For non-Medicaid customers, fare is $15 one way for taxi, $25 one way for wheelchair van. For travel outside of Missoula County, there is an additional fee.
Taxi Services Green TaxiGreen Taxi provides fuel efficient transportation within Missoula County. Taxis can fit up to four passengers.
Phone:
(406) 728-8294
Area Served:
Missoula County
Yellow Cab of MissoulaYellow Cab of Missoula is a traditional taxi service available every day at any time. Call for extra fee details, including special cargo or unique passenger situations.
Phone:
(406) 543-6644
Service Area:
Most of Missoula, but some housing areas are outside Yellow Cab’s transportation zones. Call to verify or click the link above for updated information.
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook