https://missionguatemala.com/how-to-help/a-forever-home.html
Skip to main content
Donate
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Our Founders
Our Staff
Contact Us
10th Anniversary
What We Do
Clinics
Nutrition Programs
Community Aid
Mission Trips
Trip Cost
Trip Housing
Trip Insurance
Trip Reservation
Trip Leader Report
Team Calendar
Trip Resources
Reading Resources
Basecamp
How To Help
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
Latest News
Newsroom
Join Our Mailing List
How To Help
A Permanent Home For Mission Guatemala
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
$0.00
$401,816.00
100%
We have raised $514,338.68 of our goal.
UPDATE 4/9/2020 — We Made It Home! Click here to read about this incredible day and see a thank you message from the Mission Guatemala team!
May 19, 2010. was a landmark day for Mission Guatemala. On that morning. in a cramped lawyer's office in Panajachel. Tom Heaton, one of Mission Guatemala's founders, signed a 10-year lease on a ramshackle collection of buildings in San Andres Semetabaj. In what was a giant step of faith-as Mission Guatemala had no staff, budget, or community ties, Tom established a place for the organization in this rural part of the Guatemalan highlands where people could come together to live out the command Jesus gave to love and serve our brothers and sisters.
Over the nine years since that day. these abandoned, run-down buildings have been transformed into vibrant spaces full of love-in-action!
Each day. people from across the area come to our medical clinic, which is still the only place in San Andres where patients have access to loving and quality care from an experienced medical staff. There, our doctor and nurses administer ultrasounds, laboratory exams and treatments, and distribute lifesaving medicines from our fully-stocked pharmacy. This space is also the heart of Mission Guatemala's community nutrition programs, our middle and high school scholarship program, and our sewing and computer vocational schools. But now, as we near the end of our original 10-year lease, we are once again faced with a new challenge, a new moment that demands another great leap of faith.
The women's co-op that owns the clinic has told us that they are not willing to continue leasing this space, but that they have decided to sell it when our lease ends in September 2020. They have given us a choice: we can purchase the property or vacate it.
Land values have climbed rapidly in San Andres over recent years, and large pieces of property like the clinic space are increasingly scarce. Of the options that exist, none fit our needs like this current space does. After much consideration and prayer, we believe that our course of action is clear: In order for the vital work of Mission Guatemala to continue-we must purchase this property.
We know this will not be easy. The price for the property. along with the buildings that occupy it is $401,816. The total cost is to be paid in two payments of $200,908, with the first due by the end of this summer. The time frame is short, but our faith is strong. and we are confident that through the incredible generosity of people like you, the dream of a permanent home for Mission Guatemala will become a reality! We need your help. We already have $191,046 in committed funds, but we still have much further to go. Whether you can make a generous gift or pledge toward the upcoming payments, or simply pray for our staff as we face this new challenge, we want you to be a part of this journey. And please, share this with your family and friends. Invite them to be a part of the Mission Guatemala story!
We may have a mountain to climb, but we know that together we'll make it home!