https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/medicare-finances/406-financial-services.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Medicare & Finances
406 Financial Services
406 Financial ServicesWould you or a loved one benefit from professional help managing money, paying bills and taxes, or budgeting for the future? We can help.
406 Financial Services LLC is a company created by Missoula Aging Services in order to be able to provide older adults, caregivers and partner organizations with a wider range of expert financial services. These services are offered at affordable rates, and income goes to benefit Missoula Aging Services programs.
If you’re interested or would like to learn more, call (406) 541-9772 or email Debbie Lester at dlester@406llc.org.
What does 406 Financial Services do?Provides money management services to help people manage their funds, stay on top of paying bills and taxes, and protect their financial interests.
Offers payroll management services, empowering people with long-term care needs to hire and employ their own caregivers. This includes veterans who are part of the Veteran Directed Care program.
Serves as fiscal agent and provides accounting services for local nonprofit organizations, including the Ravalli County Council on Aging.
Meet the 406 Financial Services Team:
Debbie Lester
Executive Director
Debbie Lester
After serving as MAS's Chief Financial Officer since 1996, Debbie entered a new role as the Executive Director of 406 Financial Services in 2018. With over 35 years of experience in finance and audits, Debbie is thrilled to have the opportunity to further apply her expertise to provide expanded financial services to older adults, caregivers, and partner organizations.
Phone: (406) 541-9772
Email: dlester@406llc.org
Kim Fraser
Program Director
Kim Fraser
Kim oversees the day-to-day accounting operations of 406 Financial Services. She has worked closely with Deb Lester since 2000 as Accountant for Missoula Aging Services. She is happy to continue that partnership to launch this new venture and implement dependable financial services for older adults and their caregivers.
Phone: (406) 541-9773
Email: kfraser@406llc.org
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook