https://missionguatemala.com/how-to-help/countonme.html
Skip to main content
Donate
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Our Founders
Our Staff
Contact Us
10th Anniversary
What We Do
Clinics
Nutrition Programs
Community Aid
Mission Trips
Trip Cost
Trip Housing
Trip Insurance
Trip Reservation
Trip Leader Report
Team Calendar
Trip Resources
Reading Resources
Basecamp
How To Help
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
Latest News
Newsroom
Join Our Mailing List
How To Help
Donate
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
While we have been blessed beyond belief by the outpouring of support throughout our successful "Home Is Where Our Heart Is" campaign, we are not immune to the reduction in resources that so many are experiencing right now.
Steady, recurring monthly income will be more important than ever for us during this time, in order to ensure that we can continue to work here in Guatemala, especially as the ability of mission teams to come and serve in person will continue to be limited due to safety concerns and travel restrictions.
At the same time, we know that many of you are also being impacted financially by this pandemic, and will need to be more discerning than ever about where your resources go. With your recurring gift of ANY amount, you will make a huge impact and help Mission Guatemala weather this storm.
We would love for you to join us today and say "¡Cuenta Conmigo!" (Count On Me!), through your support of Mission Guatemala with a recurring monthly gift!
By ensuring that we can count on you and your support, you will help Mission Guatemala have the resources necessary for us to continue to serve and support the communities and families who count on us here in Guatemala.
Recurring donors can be the lifeblood of our work during this unprecedented time. Can we count on you?
***To join the "¡Cuenta Conmigo!" team as a recurring donor, please make sure to click "Make this a monthly payment" in the form below!