https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/dementia-resources/dementia-friendly-missoula.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Dementia Resources
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Dementia Friendly MissoulaJoin the coalition to make Missoula a welcoming and supportive community for people living with dementia and their caregivers!
Dementia Friendly Missoula is a volunteer coalition affiliated with Missoula Aging Services and is the local chapter of the national Dementia Friendly America movement. We are community members, healthcare professionals, and organizations who advocate for the independence, dignity, and health of people living with dementia in Missoula County.
What does Dementia Friendly Missoula do?We seek to:
Raise awareness of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias.
Educate and support adults living with dementia and their caregivers.
Build a network of businesses, faith communities, and other community groups committed to becoming more dementia friendly.
Dementia Friendly Businesses in MissoulaDementia Friendly Missoula is pleased to recognize the following Dementia Friendly businesses! All have completed special training. If you are interested in taking the training, send us an email!
Hestia Home Advantage
Home Instead Senior Care
Missoula Aging Services
Missoula County Weed District & Extension
Missoula Public Library
MonTECH
How you can help:Individuals:New members are always welcome! The Dementia Friendly Missoula team meets about once a month and has a number of volunteer positions.
Email Dementia Friendly Missoula here and we’ll figure out how your skills can contribute to the team!
Local businesses, organizations and healthcare providers:Dementia Friendly Missoula offers in-person presentations about dementia basics and steps you can take to be welcoming to people living with dementia.
To arrange a training, email Dementia Friendly Missoula here.
After completing training, you can take steps to become an official member of Dementia Friendly Missoula. You’ll be able to display the Dementia Friendly Missoula logo and show your support to the public.
Printed training resources are also available. Dementia Friendly America provides guides for many types of organizations, including hospitals, faith communities, and businesses.
More info about Dementia Friendly Missoula
Our history:Dementia Friendly Missoula (DFM) began in 2015 as a grassroots initiative by a small group of Missoula community members.  As caregivers of loved ones with dementia, these founders had first-hand experience with the challenges faced by people living with dementia. They saw a need for change.
Since then, membership has grown from about 5 members to over 100, including people in the early stages of dementia, who have shared valuable information about their experiences and their vision for living well with dementia.
In 2016, DFM supported the development of the Montana Alzheimer’s and Dementia State Plan. 2018 was another milestone year. That year DFM affiliated with Missoula Aging Services as a volunteer coalition, and also met the requirements to officially join the Dementia Friendly America Network. These partnerships come with a wealth of support and provide a roadmap as we continue to move forward.
Our partners:Dementia Friendly Missoula would like to offer special thanks to our local and national partners:
Missoula Aging Services
Montana Geriatric Education Center
Rural Institute for Inclusive Communities
Alzheimer’s Association—Montana Chapter
Dementia Friendly America
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook