https://missionarlington.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Mission Arlington
Updated 02-05-2016
Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® maintains this website as a service to our volunteers and supporters, and as a source of information for those interested in learning more about Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex®. Visitors to this site who provide information do so voluntarily. Visitors need not register or provide any personally identifiable information to access any part of this site.
The term “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate, the person to whom the information pertains.
This privacy statement expresses our commitment to online and offline privacy. The following formally discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Collection and Use
Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® collects only information that is voluntarily submitted. We will not share, nor do we sell, information in any manner that is not disclosed in this statement. The sole use of this information is for contact purposes–to send receipts, “Thank You” letters, and Newsletters–and to respond to questions or comments from website visitors.
Forms
Two forms on this site collect personal information.
The “Feedback” form–accessed via the “Comments” link in the navigation bar at the very top of a web page, or the “Send Comments” link at the bottom of a web page–or from a variety of other links within the website–allows a visitor to give input about the website or other aspects of our ministry. This form collects the visitor’s name, email address, and comments. The web server sends an email to Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® containing this information. Also included in this email is the IP address associated with the computer that requested the “Feedback” form from the web server, and the version information for the web browser used. This information is not stored on the web server or in the web site database. The emails containing the information remain in email storage on Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® servers.
The “Mailing List” form–accessed via the “Newsletter Signup” link in the navigation bar at the very top of a web page, or the “Get Our Newsletter” link at the bottom of a web page–or through a variety of other links within the website–allows a web site user to add his or her email address to our emailing list, to which we send a notification when our latest newsletter becomes available online. This form collects the user
s email address, and adds it to a list maintained on a list server at our hosting company, GoDaddy. The web server sends an email to Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® alerting us that a new email address has been added to the list. The emails containing the information remain in email storage on Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® servers.
Online Donations
Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® has partnered with The CashLINQ Group, LLC, through their MinistryLINQ offering, to provide for the secure processing of online donations. Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards outline requirements for secure processing and storage of information related to online payment transactions. The services provided through MinistryLINQ by The CashLINQ Group are fully compliant with PCI Security Standards.
When a web site user visits the “Online Donations” page via the “Donate Now” link at the top of a web page, he or she will find a brief explanation of changes to the online donations section of our site, and a “Click here to donate online” link, which will redirect the user to a new web browser window and web page served by CashLINQ servers.
All information related to online transactions or donor accounts is collected, processed, and/or stored on servers owned by The CashLINQ Group, LLC.
Use of Cookies
Our website makes no use of Cookies at this time.
Log Files
When a web browser retrieves pages from the web server, the server records data in the server logs that the webmaster uses to track trends in website usage, diagnose problems with the server, and to administer the web site. This data is not “personally identifiable information.” The data is summarized and presented only in aggregate via graphs and tables. Examples of these data items include IP addresses, operating system version, and the general type and version of web browser used.
Information Sharing
Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex® does not share, nor do we sell,  information with any person, organization, or other entity.
Security
Both the “Comments” form and the “Mailing List” form make use of a “Captcha” device to ensure that the information submitted is provided by a person at a computer rather than through some automated means. A “Captcha” is a picture showing a combination of letters and numbers that is human-readable only, thus preventing automated abuse of the input forms.
Choice/Opt-Out
To indicate your wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may:
Use the “Send Comments” form.
Send email to mission@missionarlington.org requesting to be removed from the list.
Send postal mail to: Mission Arlington 210 W. South St. Arlington, TX 76010
Call Mission Arlington at 817-277-6620.
Correct/Update
Visitors may notify Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex®, Inc. of a change to information previously provided using one of the contact options noted under Choice/Opt-Out.
Contacting the Website Administrator
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may contact us via the Send Comments form, or send postal mail to:
Mission Arlington®/Mission Metroplex®, Inc.
210 W. South St.
Arlington, TX 76010
Go to Online Donations
Home
Mission
How we started
Mission Spirit
God’s Gas Station
Our Commitments
Core Values
Cornerstones
Key Identities
Annual Reports
Media
2020 Calendar
Annual Reports
In the News
Mission Videos
Newsletters
Testimonies
Recognitions
Services
Attitude & Approach
Bible Studies/Congregations
Children & Youth
After-School
Rainbow Express®
School Supplies
Summer Services
Other Services
Emergency Assistance
Health Care
Allan Saxe Dental Clinic
Bob Mann Medical Clinic
Counseling Services
Medical Equipment
Support Groups
Holidays
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Easter
Fall Festival
School Supplies
Sports
Summers
Transportation
Join in
Stay Informed
2020 Calendar
Newsletters
Prayer Partners
Social Media
Take a Tour
Become a Volunteer
Volunteer Home Page
Office Support
Health Professionals
Operations & Facilities
Teachers and Leaders
Bring Your Team
Community Service
Prayer Partners
Service Learning
Summer Missionaries
Thanksgiving
Resources
Getting Started
Introduction
Important Attitudes
A Natural Process
Teaching Children
Loving Discipline
Leading Music
Ministry Tips
Giving Leadership
Apartments
Barriers
Paths
Steps
Places
Worshipping Leaders
Limits and Possibilities
Conclusion
Curriculum
Curriculum Search
New and Current Material
Christmas
Epistles
Life of Christ
Miscellaneous (Other)
Old Testament
Rainbow Express®
Scripture Memory
Giving
Our Philosophy
Administration
Financial Support
Food
Grocery Store Programs
Household Donations
Scheduling Pickups
School Supplies
Support for the Future
Automobile Donations
Contact Us
Areas/Departments
Find Us/Directions
Hours of Operation
Volunteer Connections
RESOURCESPeace with God
Online Donations
Prayer Partner Mailing List
Privacy Policy
Translate »