https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/dementia-resources/dementia-resources-for-caregivers.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Resources for CaregiversCaring for a loved one with dementia is an important and demanding responsibility. It is becoming more common in Montana. We’re here to help.
There are many resources available in the Missoula area, including support groups, classes and the MAS Dementia Friendly Missoula volunteer coalition, which works to make Missoula a more supportive community for people living with dementia.
Steps you can take to get help as a caregiver:
Meet with a Resource Specialist at Missoula Aging Services
Resource Specialists are available for one-on-one meetings to help you understand your options and connect you with support. Click the link above or call (406) 728-7682 to make an appointment.
Join a local Caregiver Support Group.
Missoula Aging Services facilitates monthly Caregiver Support Groups, including groups for caregivers of older adults with Alzheimer’s. Click the link above for more details, or call MAS at (406) 728-7682.
Connect with the Montana Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association
Call 1-800-272-3900 or visit the Montana Chapter by clicking the link above.
Additional Resources:
Dementia Road Map: A Guide for Family and Care Partners
This resource from Washington State DSHS provides resources and action steps for each stage of dementia.
Dementia Safety Info Kit
Also from Washington State DSHS, this kit provides a wide range of tools for promoting the safety of people living with dementia.
AARP Prepare to Care Guide
This guide from the AARP provides a framework for care planning and is a good supplement to dementia specific resources.
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Dementia Friendly Missoula is a volunteer initiative of Missoula Aging Services that works to promote the independence, dignity, and health of people living with dementia in Missoula County.
Find out more about the coalition and how you can get involved here.
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook