https://missionguatemala.com/how-to-help/scholarships.html
Skip to main content
Donate
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Our Founders
Our Staff
Contact Us
10th Anniversary
What We Do
Clinics
Nutrition Programs
Community Aid
Mission Trips
Trip Cost
Trip Housing
Trip Insurance
Trip Reservation
Trip Leader Report
Team Calendar
Trip Resources
Reading Resources
Basecamp
How To Help
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
Latest News
Newsroom
Join Our Mailing List
How To Help
Support our Scholarship Students
Donate
Scholarships
Home Is Where Our Heart Is
¡Cuenta Conmigo!
$0.00
$34,200.00
90%
We have raised $30,762.00 of our goal.
Most of us take the opportunity to have access to a middle and high school education for granted, but here in Guatemala, the education that the government requires and readily provides ends at 6th grade. While the level of elementary school enrollment generally approaches 100%, because of the lack of access and increased cost of a middle school education, the percentage of Guatemalan youth who continue their education past the 6th grade drops to below 50%.
The "Becas con Misión" (Scholarships with a Mission) program helps provide an opportunity for students who have the determination and grades—but not the financial resources—to continue their education past the 6th grade, which is still the only educational level that the Guatemalan government requires and readily provides.
The students selected for the "Becas" program are chosen based on a variety of factors, including economic need, grades from elementary school, and recommendations from their 6th-grade teachers. Once accepted into the scholarship program, students will have the opportunity to continue in the program throughout middle school and beyond, as long as they maintain a 75% average each semester.
The scholarship program covers costs including:
Inscription
Tuition
School supplies
School uniforms
Free access to Mission Guatemala’s medical clinic
With an average monthly cost of just $25 a month for middle school students and $50 a month for high school students, you can help empower students, their families, and their communities through the gift of education!
*Please note that we are unable to connect donors with individual students within our "Becas Con Misión" scholarship program. All funds raised for scholarships will be used to fund the general costs of all students enrolled in the program.
With a contribution of any size, you can make a difference in these students’ lives!
To see photos from this year's scholarship program check out the links below:
- Portraits of our high school scholarship students
- Meeting with middle school students and their parents- Students and their families picking up their school supplies