https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/caregiver-support/support-groups-classes.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
Virtual Caregiver Support GroupsMissoula Aging Services (MAS) offers a variety of resources to empower caregivers.
Support groups and classes offer a safe place to share experiences, advice and practical strategies for managing caregiving responsibilities. Monthly support groups are only available virtually for caregivers at this time. Caregivers may participate over the phone or online using Zoom. Pre-registration is required. Alzheimer’s and Dementia caregivers are always welcome.
Monthly support groups are available for all types of caregivers. In addition, there are groups specifically for relatives raising children, and for caregivers of adults with Alzheimer’s and related dementias. You may now participate over the phone or online by using Zoom.
For current support group details, read below or click here to download the virtual support group flyer..
Caregiver Support GroupsMonthly support groups are only available virtually for caregivers at this time. Caregivers may participate over the phone or online using Zoom.
Alzheimer’s Dementia caregivers are always welcome.
Support groups meet on the 2nd Monday of each month at 4pm or the 3rd Tuesday of each month at 1 pm.
Pre-registration is required. Click here to register. For more information call MAS at (406) 728-7682 or email Lauren Crabtree at Respite@missoulaagingservices.org.
Montana Kinship Navigator Program - Support GroupThis support group is for grandparents and other relatives raising children.
The group meets virtually on the 3rd Wednesdays through May at 1 pm. For more details, call Missoula County Extension Office at 406-258-4206 or email Kelly Moore at Kmoore@montana.edu. Pre-registration is required. Click here to register.
ClassesMissoula Aging Services offers a six session class series for caregivers called Powerful Tools for Caregivers®. This class is usually available twice a year. Check the MAS calendar for the next class date and for other upcoming educational opportunities such as Aging Mastery!
Powerful Tools for Caregivers®Powerful Tools for Caregivers is an evidence-based curriculum designed to help family and community caregivers. This six session class series will help participants learn to take better care of themselves and manage their stress while caring for a relative or friend.
Participate online or by phone using Zoom. Pre-registration is required. A email confirmation with the Zoom meeting ID, password and instructions will be sent to registered participants several days prior to the class.
The cost is $30, or $50 for two people. No cost and reduced cost ticket options available. Click here to register, or call MAS at (406) 728-7682, Monday through Friday from 8 am - 5 pm. Space is limited, register today!
Aging Mastery ProgramAging Mastery is an evidence-informed 11 session class that encourages individuals age 55+ to create their own playbook for aging well. Participants set goals for positive actions in many aspects of their lives such as exercise, nutrition, finances, advance care planning, community engagement, and healthy relationships. Central to the Aging Mastery philosophy is the belief that modest lifestyle changes can produce big results so people can be empowered to cultivate health and longevity.
Participate online or by phone using Zoom. A email confirmation with the Zoom meeting ID, password and instructions will be sent to registered participants several days prior to the class. Teresa Sacks, MAS's Aging Mastery Program Facilitator, presents the program.
Click here to register, or call MAS at (406) 728-7682, M-F from 8:00 AM-5:00 PM. Pre-registration is required.
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook