https://missoulaagingservices.org/get-help/medicare-finances/medicare-medicaid-assistance.html
Skip to main content
Get Help
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Medicare & Medicaid AssistanceHave you just become eligible for Medicare and need to get started with the program? Are you looking to find a Medicare plan that better meets your needs? We can help.
See below for an overview of Medicare and Medicaid, and details about how Missoula Aging Services can help you manage your healthcare options.
Resources for Navigating Medicare & MedicaidThere are a variety of ways Missoula Aging Services can help with Medicare and Medicaid: Resource Center appointments available throughout the year, the monthly New to Medicare workshop, and Open Enrollment consultations each fall to help you compare plans and save money on prescriptions.
Resource Center ConsultationsDo you have questions about what Medicare or Medicaid options are right for you? Do you need help resolving an issue with eligibility, coverage or billing?
Experienced Resource Center staff are available to meet to help answer your questions and work to try to resolve any issues you’re encountering.
To schedule a Medicare or Medicaid consultation, request an appointment here or call us at 406-728-7682.
New to Medicare WorkshopsAre you close to age 65, or newly eligible for Medicare? You can learn the ins and outs of Medicare at the New to Medicare workshop, so that you can make the best decisions for yourself regarding Medicare.
This two-part workshop is available monthly for an affordable fee. Click here to register for New to Medicare.
Open Enrollment ConsultationsDuring Medicare Open Enrollment each fall, you can join a Medicare Advantage plan or change your Prescription Drug Plan (Part D). You may be able to save money by making changes during this time. We encourage all Medicare beneficiaries to review their Part D or Advantage plan during open enrollment, to make sure their plan is the most affordable option that will cover their needs.
For those with Medicare Advantage plans, changes can also be made during Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment, which runs from Jan 1 to March 31 each year. During this time, you can switch to a new Medicare Advantage plan, or go back to original Medicare and get a Part D plan.
Call us at (406) 728-7682 to schedule an Open Enrollment consultation and we will help you review your Medicare options.
More about Medicare and Medicaid:Medicare is government-supported health insurance for adults aged 65 and older, as well as people who receive Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and people living with end-stage renal disease.
Medicaid is government-supported health insurance for people with low income. Unlike Medicare, Medicaid can cover long-term care costs.
If you qualify for Medicare and have low income, you may be able to use both Medicare and Medicaid to cover your healthcare needs.
How Medicare Works:
Medicare Part AMedicare Part A covers hospital stays, rehabilitation in a skilled nursing facility or at home, and hospice. Most people pay no premium for Medicare Part A.
Medicare Part BMedicare Part B covers outpatient medical costs like doctor visits, durable medical equipment, and diabetes supplies. For most people, Medicare Part B does charge a monthly premium.
People who are covered by a large employer sometimes choose to delay Medicare Part A or Part B. Not sure about the right decision for you? Come to the New to Medicare Workshop!
Medicare Part DMedicare Part D covers prescription drugs. This coverage is offered through private insurance companies, and which plan you choose can make a big difference. You can shop for Medicare Part D plans at Medicare.gov.
Medicare AdvantageMedicare Advantage plans are a type of Medicare health plan offered by a private company that contracts with Medicare to provide all of your Part A and Part B benefits. In Missoula County, Medicare Advantage plans also offer prescription drug coverage, so if you have a Medicare Advantage plan, you do not need a separate Part D plan.
Just like Part D plans, you can shop for Medicare Advantage plans at Medicare.gov.
Discounts on Medicare Part D PlansMany Medicare beneficiaries can get a Medicare Part D Plan for free or for a very low premium with Big Sky Rx or Extra Help.
Click the links below for more information and to apply:
Big Sky RX
Extra Help
Paying for Long-Term CareMedicare does not pay for long-term care.
Find out how to shop for Long-Term Care Insurance in Montana here.
When the cost of long-term care exceeds what someone can afford, Medicaid can help. Apply for Medicaid here.
You can also download this guide from Montana State University for more information about Medicaid and paying for long-term care.
MENU
Home
Get Help
Food
Meals on Wheels
Community Lunches
Farmers' Market Coupons
Supplements
Housing
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Medicare & Finances
Medicare & Medicaid Assistance
Senior Medicare Patrol
Financial Assistance
406 Financial Services
Caregiver Support
Support Groups & Classes
In-Home Support Services
Care Management
Daily Living
Transportation
Help with Daily Tasks
Veteran Directed Care
Elder Rights
Elder Justice Program
Long-term Care Ombudsman
Adult Protective Services
Dementia Resources
Dementia Resources for Caregivers
Dementia Friendly Missoula
Talk to an Expert
Call Us
Make an Appointment
Send Us a Message
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer with Meals on Wheels
RSVP Volunteer Program
Foster Grandparents
Senior Companions
Volunteer Application
Ways to Give
Advocacy
About Us
Mission, Story & Values
Financial Transparency
Board
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Calendar & Classes
News
Jewelry Sale
March for Meals
Subscribe
Virtual Holiday Giving Tree
Facebook