https://mluc.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Our building is closed, but we are meeting online.Join us on Sundays for worship, coffee hour, classes and more and check out the calendar for other meetings.
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Main Line Unitarian Church
816 S Valley Forge Rd
Devon, PA  19333
610-688-8332
info@mluc.org
Main Line Unitarian Church
Together, we transform lives through love, service, and our welcoming faith.
Facebook YouTube Instagram
Search
Directions
Give
Contact Us
Sunday Services: 10:00am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Main Line Unitarian Church (MLUC), referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time. This text was adapted from the Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder’s website under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: info@mluc.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers, and other information. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site, except the information required to create an account to access pages within the Members section of this website (access to which is only granted for members of MLUC…and if you’re a member, you’ve probably already given us that information by other means). We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we share your email address with anyone, it would only be to the congregation or person who can respond to your request.
Web Host and Other Third Party Service Providers
This website is hosted by a remote hosting service, and some features you may access through this site that collect personal information (e.g. donation forms) are enabled by third party services. The privacy policies of those services may also govern any personal information you provide.
Statistical Information Collected
We may collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site may collect information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information may be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at info@mluc.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than MLUC. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation