http://mluuc.org/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy – MLUUC
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Mountain Light Unitarian Universalist Church
2502 Tails Creek Road
Ellijay GA 30540-3553
PO Box 442
Ellijay GA 30540-0006
email: info@mluuc.org
Go to: ML2
MLUUC
Welcoming all with open hearts and open minds.
Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest
Site Map
Directions
Contact Us
Sunday Services: 10:30
Toggle navigation
Menu
Main Navigation
Home
About
Our Beliefs
Our Mission and Vision
Our Covenant
About Us
Our Stories
Testimonials
Board of Directors
Our Leadership
Our Governance
LGBTQ Welcoming Congregation
Location and Accessibility
Contact Us
Events
Bulletin Board
Calendar
News
Movies @ MLUUC
Newsletter
Social Justice
Worship
About Worship
Upcoming Worship Services
Past Services Archive
What to Expect in Worship
Holidays and Traditions
Music and Choir
Worship Team
Education
Religious Education
UU and You
Youth RE
Webinars
Connection
Connection Overview
Are You UU?
Visitor Information Form
Visiting Us
Become a Member
Teams and Volunteers
Caring Team
Helping Others
Directory
Photos
Photos on Flickr
Photo Galleries
New Gallery ***
2016 December Photos
2016 November Photos
2016 October Photos
2016 August Photos
2016 July Photos
2016 June Photos
2016 May Photos
2007 Photos
The Early Years
Donate
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Mountain Light UUC, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email.  We are always available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person.  We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, and other voluntarily given data. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and can not identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any website inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Mountain Light UUC. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)
Section Navigation
search mluuc.org
Mountain Light Unitarian Universalist Church
2502 Tails Creek Road
Ellijay GA 30540-3553
PO Box 442
Ellijay GA 30540-0006
email: info@mluuc.org
Go to: ML2
Log InPlease log into the site.
Username
Password
Remember Me
If you use smile.amazon.com, please consider adding us as your charity. Click here for details.
© 2020 MLUUC
Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest
Books & Gifts
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy