https://mmusetta.com/privacy-statement/
For immediate assistance call 813-221-3171
Skip to content
Musetta & Associates
Court Reporters and Video Conferencing
Our Services
Court Reporting
Reporters and Staff
Certifications
Video Conferencing
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Statement
Scheduling
Directions to Offices
Last Modified: May 21, 2014,
Effective Date: May 21, 2014
Michael Musetta & Associates cares about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through our website located at http://mmusetta.com and the e-mail messages that we send to you that directly link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ, including any of the third parties to whom we may disclose user information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by using one of the means listed on our Contact page.
By using the Services, you agree with all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, then please do not use the Services.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
“Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, such as name, postal address (including billing and mailing addresses), telephone number, or e-mail address.
We, and our service providers, may collect Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of ways, including when you contact us:
To request	information by sending us an e-mail, or
To schedule a court reporter, videographer, or other related service in accordance with your Scheduling request.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information:
To keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and use it to respond to you, if you contact us through the Services.
To send administrative information, such as information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, or policies.
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to schedule a court reporter or videographer.
For our business purposes, such as improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (1) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (2) to comply with legal process; (3) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (4) to enforce our terms and conditions; (5) to protect our operations; (6) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (7) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Your Personally Identifiable Information may be disclosed:
To identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Services.
To a third-party court reporter, videographer, or similar service provider that will be providing services to you in accordance with your Scheduling request.
To our third-party service providers that provide services such as website hosting, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery and other similar services.
To a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (1) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (2) to comply with legal process; (3) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (4) to enforce our terms and conditions; (5) to protect our operations; (6) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (7) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as: (1) browser and device information; (2) information collected through cookies, and other technologies; (3) demographic information and other information provided by you; or (4) aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We, and our third-party service providers, may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your computer type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. We may use cookies in connection with the Services. You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies, including controls in your browser to block and delete cookies.
IP Address: Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet service provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files, or those of our website hosting vendor, whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personally Identifiable Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services. We may aggregate information for a variety of reasons, for example, to calculate the percentage of our users that live in a particular state.
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personally Identifiable Information under applicable law, then we may use it as described in “How We May Collect Other Information” section above, as well as for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
We are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices of other organizations, such as your ISP or wireless service provider.
SECURITY
Online Security
The communications on our website, including any submissions through available forms, are sent through the standard HTTP protocol and may be delivered using regular e-mail. Information sent over HTTP is not encrypted. E-mail, while convenient, also poses several risks (e.g., e-mail is not a secure form of communication, is unreliable, can be forwarded, etc.). We cannot guarantee the security of the information you provide to us through the Services, nor can we guarantee that information you supply to us will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your computer and to take appropriate security measures to protect your information.
Please do not send any sensitive, confidential, or otherwise protected (e.g., under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, or other state law) information using regular e-mail.
If you need to provide information to us in a secure manner, please contact us by phone at a phone number listed on our Contact page or contact us by e-mail and we can provide you with further instructions.
Offline Security
We have implemented a number of offline security measures and practices in an effort to protect the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information. Your Personally Identifiable Information and data is stored in a secure facility within our offices. All employees are trained on the importance of protecting your Personally Identifiable Information. We require that court reporters and videographers that provide services to us on an independent contractor basis sign agreements containing provisions that address confidentiality, privacy, and security.
Your Obligations
While we take certain measures to protect your information, given the types of services we provide, you agree that you are in the best position to advise us in writing if the information you provide to us requires any special protections (e.g., HIPAA, social security privacy laws, or court ordered privacy protections). You bear sole responsibility for (A) advising us in writing of the need to enter into a Business Associate Agreement or Subcontractor Agreement, as may be applicable, and our agreement to be bound will be evidenced by us executing a Business Associate Agreement or Subcontractor Agreement, as applicable; (B) advising us in writing of the need to protect the information you provide to us under Federal or state social security laws, or other state privacy laws, and our agreement to be bound will be evidenced by executing a written agreement stating same; or (C) providing to us a copy of an applicable court order, rule, or similar requirement, which sets forth our requirement to redact or otherwise secure the information you provided to us in connection with services you engaged us to undertake.
You also agree and understand that you have certain obligations to protect Personally Identifiable Information as well as the information that requires any special protections (e.g., HIPAA, social security privacy laws, or court ordered privacy protections). You agree that you will use commercially reasonable efforts to secure the information, as needed, by, by way of example only, encrypting the information prior providing it to us, providing the information using a secure portal, securing and using strong passwords, training workforce members, and other similar administrative, physical, and technical safeguards.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
We do not use your Personally Identifiable Information for marketing purposes. We may, from time to time, send you administrative messages. You cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from individuals under the age of 13 and the Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We request that these individuals not to use the Services.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
The Services are controlled and operated from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. If any material on the Services, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access them, then we ask you not to use the Services. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please take a look at the “Last Modified” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by using one of the means listed on our Contact page.