https://moderation.org/mm-support-help-us-grow-overview/become-mm-sponsor/
Dryuary 2021  ‘A Great Start to the New Year’  https://dryuary.org
Become a SponsorYou are here: Home / Help Us Grow Overview / Become a Sponsor
Actively Seeking Sponsors
WANTED:
Moderation Management is Actively Seeking Sponsors
Do you think your organization may be a good match?
Organizations, businesses or individuals who have a firm belief that support for moderation plays an important role in the field of recovery are a good match.
Sponsors should be in a field appropriate to the mission of Moderation Management and provide a service or product of interest to the members of MM.
Your organization can benefit from becoming a Moderation Management Sponsor.
MM provides a space for sponsors to introduce themselves to an active and growing community of persons eager to be introduced to a variety of support options.
We work closely with our sponsors to spread the word of their of services or products in our various communities and on our social media sites.
What to do next.
Learn more about what it means to be an MM sponsor.
If you would like more information about becoming an MM sponsor, please contact us at
Translate this Website
Stay up to date with our Newsletter
Newsletter Signup
Moderation Management™ is a 501(c)(3) Non-Profit
Your generous donation would be greatly appreciated.
All contact info and email addresses.
Please email us with any questions or requests.
Our SponsorsPlease click on the following images to visit our sponsors.
Interested in becoming a Sponsor of Moderation Management?
© Copyright 1994 – 2020 Moderation Management™. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification onlyOpen Message Bar