https://morristrust.com/privacy-policy/
1 (866) 831-2487
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to information collected online from users of this website. In this policy, you can learn what kind of information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal information.
What personal information is collected through this website and how is it used?
We collect information about our users in three ways: directly from the user, from our Web server logs and through cookies. We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We don’t share any of the information you provide with others, unless we say so in this Privacy Policy, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the contact form on this website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as e-mail address, name, phone number and state). We only require that you provide an e-mail address on the contact form. Further, if chat is available through this site, you may be asked to provide information if you participate in an online chat. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information) (collectively, “Sensitive Information”). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information that you provide to us through the contact form or an online chat will be used so that we may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below.
Web server logs: When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include:
your unique Internet protocol address;
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
the number of links you click within the site;
the date and time of your visit;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site; and
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience.
Cookies: In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit.
The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don’t accept cookies.
How is personal information protected?
We take certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Who has access to the information?
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:
to agents, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;
if we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; and
as required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
How can I correct, amend or delete my personal information and/or opt out of future communications?
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address on our website at any time to:
see what data we have about you, if any;
change/correct any data we have about you;
ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
opt out of future communications from us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post the policy changes here.
Effective March 1, 2012
Schedule Your Free Consultation
Click Here
Main Office
Morris Hall, PLLC
7600 North 16th Street
Suite 105
Phoenix, AZ 85020
Toll Free: 866-831-2487
Fax: 602-248-2887
VIEW OUR LOCATIONS
REVIEW US
Recent Law Changes
Morris Hall, PLLC provides legal advice and representation for clients in communities throughout the southwestern United States, including communities throughout Arizona and New Mexico, such as Phoenix, Scottsdale, Mesa, Glendale, Surprise, Cave Creek, Carefree, Chandler, Gilbert, Tempe, Peoria, Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Las Cruces, Flagstaff, Sedona, Prescott, Oro Valley and Tucson.
Check Our Blog
Recent Posts
How Does a Will or Trust Work?
December 7, 2020
The Difference Between Guardianship and Conservatorship
November 12, 2020
Stepped-up Cost Basis Going Away?
November 6, 2020
Election Results Still Unknown - Estate Planning Scenarios for Each Candidate
November 5, 2020
Send A Message
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Fields marked with an * are required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone
Your Message *
Confirm that you are not a bot *
© 2020 American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys, Inc All rights reserved.
Disclaimer| Site Map |Privacy Policy
HOME
ESTATE PLANNING
Estate Planning Services
Estate and Gift Tax Figures
Estate Planning and Divorce
Estate Planning for Professionals
Guardianships and Conservatorships
Incapacitation
Legacy Planning
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Pet Planning
Power of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Deeds
Successor Trustee
Family Disputes
SECURE Act
Special Needs Planning
Trusts
Beneficiary Trusts
Charitable Remainder Trusts
Grandchildren Trusts
IDGT
Income Only Trusts
Irrevocable Trusts
Life Insurance Trust
Pet Trusts
Qualified Personal Residence Trusts
Revocable Living Trusts
Special Needs Trusts
Trusts to Reduce Estate Taxes
Trust Administration
Wills
Health Care Directives - Living Wiils
ADVANCED PLANNING
Asset Protection
Asset Allocation
Funding Assets to Trusts
Life Insurance Review
Protecting Digital Assets
Business Succession Planning
Asset Protection LLC
Family Foundations
Charitable Giving
Financial Planning and Management
Life Insurance Review
Planning for Large Estates
Future Benefits Management
IRA 401k and Retirement Asset Planning
Qualified Trust
Tax Accounting
Tax Preparation
ABOUT US
Attorneys
Theron M Hall Jr.
James P. Plitz
West Hunsaker
Wendy Wells Harn
Jonathan C. Linford
Lisa Y. Wynn
Michael A. Halliday
William A. Morgan
Communities We Serve
Arizona
Flagstaff
Mesa
Phoenix
Prescott
Scottsdale
Tucson
New Mexico
Albuquerque
Las Cruces
Santa Fe
Our Team
Published Books
Dont Go Broke in a Nursing Home
Tax Free Money for Long-Term Care!
Testimonials
SEMINARS
Webinar Survey
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Request a Speaker
RESOURCES
BLOG
Do I Need an Estate Plan?
Elder Law Reports
Elder Law Resources
Albuquerque Elder Law
Las Cruces Elder Law
Phoenix Elder Law
Santa Fe Elder Law
Tucson Elder Law
Estate Planning Problems
FAQs
Probate Resources
Albuquerque Probate
Flagstaff Probate
Las Cruces Probate
Phoenix Probate
Sedona Probate
Tucson Probate
Recent Law Changes and Improvements Affecting Arizona and New Mexico
Update My Living Trust
Reports
What to Do When Death Occurs
What Not To Do When Someone Dies
Who To Contact After A Loved Ones Death
REVIEWS
Our Reviews
Review Us
LOCATIONS
Arizona
New Mexico
CONTACT US
Careers
Schedule Your Free Consultation