https://mosheslaw.com/cookie-policy/
During COVID-19 we provide online consultations via chat.
Cookie Policy
HomeCookie Policy
Last modified: April 22, 2020
This Cookie Policy describes the different types of cookies and similar technologies that may be used on the website https://mosheslaw.com/ (our “Website”) operated by or for the law office of Yuriy Moshes (“us” or “we”) when you visit it.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Cookie Policy on this page. The date that this Cookie Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page.
If you have further questions, please contact us at the Contact Information listed in our Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies and Similar Technologies Used on Our Website
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We only place cookies on your hard drive with your consent as described in our Privacy Policy. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. If you do not consent to our use of cookies or select this setting, however, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. You can find more information about cookies at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and https://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the law office of Yuriy Moshes, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
You can learn more about your choices regarding Cookies, Web Beacons, and other similar technologies we use by visiting our Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies Used On Our Website
With your consent, our Website uses first-party cookies (set by the law office of Yuriy Moshes), third-party cookies (which are set by third parties), and other similar technologies. Below is a list of the different types of cookies and similar technologies that we use on our Website, as of the effective date of this Policy.
Essential Cookies and Similar Technologies: Essential cookies and similar technologies are used by us to enable you to navigate the Website and use its services and features. Without these essential cookies, the Website will not perform smoothly and we may not be able to provide the Website to you or provide you with certain services or features of our Website.
Preference Cookies and Similar Technologies: Preference cookies and other similar technologies are used by us to collect information about your choices and preferences and allow us to remember language and other local settings and to customize our Website accordingly.
Social Media Cookies and Similar Technologies: Social Media cookies and other similar technologies are used by us to collect information about your use of social media websites.
Analytics Cookies and Similar Technologies: Analytics cookies and other similar technologies are used by us to collect information about your use of the Website and enable us to improve the way it works and operates. Specifically, analytics cookies provide us with information regarding what the most frequently visited pages on the Website are, help us record and debug any issues you may have with the Website, and show us how effective our advertising is. These analytics cookies do not allow us to see the usage of a single user but do allow us to see overall patterns of usage on the Website. We do not examine this information for individually identifying information, but we do use this information to understand the traffic on our Website.
Advertising Cookies and Similar Technologies: Advertising cookies and other similar technologies used by us are used to display targeting promotions or advertisements based on your use of the Website and interests and to manage our use of advertising resources. These cookies collect information about your activities on this and other sites to provide you with targeted advertising.
Free Case Evaluation
Your Name
Phone
Email
Message
Please leave this field empty.
ask a lawyer now
Get a Free Case Evaluation
Contact us for a free and confidential consultation. You have nothing to lose.
Your Name
Phone
Email
MessagePlease leave this field empty.
Ask a Lawyer Now
As Seen On
map
email
call
2020 © Law Office of Yuriy Moshes, P.C. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice