https://mountzion.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the https://mountzion.net and governs data collection and usage. Mount Zion Baptist Church Seattle (MZBC) website includes church-related news, information and resources for MZBC members and visitors. We send a monthly newsletter to our email subscribers. MZBC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to MZBC include https://mountzion.net.
By using the MZBC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MZBC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your email address and name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by MZBC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the MZBC website.
MZBC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested. MZBC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from MZBC and its affiliates. MZBC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
MZBC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. MZBC does not share data with any third parties (e.g., partners or affiliates).
MZBC may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within the MZBC website, in order to determine what MZBC content and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content within MZBC to visitors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
MZBC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MZBC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MZBC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MZBC, or the public.
USE OF COOKIES
The MZBC website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MZBC  pages, or register with MZBC site or services, a cookie helps MZBC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the MZBC services or websites you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MZBC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN
MZBC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
OPT-OUT & UNSUBSCRIBE
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. You may opt-out of receiving communications at any time from MZBC by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We at MZBC welcome your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Scroll to top