https://mountsinaiparks.org/privacy-policy/
Mount Sinai remains open during COVID-19: Read our response
Mount Sinai Memorial Parks and Mortuaries provides Traditional Jewish Mortuary and Funeral services
For Immediate Assistance 24/7, call 800-600-0076 to reach a member of our on-site staff – never an answering serviceIf our land line is not connecting properly, please call 323-974-2066.
Home PagePrivacy Policy
Statements
We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. That’s why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. You may always visit our site and browse without giving us any personal information. Please read on for more details about our privacy practices. What information does Mount Sinai Memorial Parks and Mortuaries (MSMP) collect? How do we use it? At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. MSMP, the service providers for it, and all vendors providing products or services through our website use your personal information: to operate our website and/or effect your transactions; to create and share reports about your transactions among themselves. We intend to continue improving the content and function of our website. For this reason, we may monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us improve the design and layout of our site and provide content of interest to you.
Cookies
What about “cookies?” “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you would rather not store the information for future use. At this time, we don’t use cookies to track any information about you or your visit.
Information Disclosure
Will MSMP disclose the information it collects to outside parties? MSMP may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to: (a) protect the rights, safety or property of users of our website, the public, or MSMP or our website suppliers; and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements. MSMP will not trade, sell or rent your personal information with third parties. MSMP may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
Use of Images and Content
You may not use the Site or the MSMP Images Content for any purpose not related to your business with MSMP. You are specifically prohibited from: (a) downloading, copying, or re-transmitting any or all of the Site without, or in violation of, a written license or agreement with MSMP; (b) using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (c) manipulating or otherwise displaying the Site or the MSMP Content by using framing or similar navigational technology; (d) reverse engineering, altering or modifying any part of the Site (e) circumventing, disabling or otherwise interfering with security-related features of the Site or any system resources, services or networks connected to or accessible through the Site; (f) selling, licensing, leasing, or in any way commercializing the Site or the MSMP Images Content without specific written authorization from MSMP; and (g) using the Site or the MSMP Content other than for its intended purpose. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable communications regulations and statutes.
Your Consent By Using Our Website
You consent to the collection and use of this information by MSMP. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of what data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
To help us improve our privacy policies, please tell us what you think. We welcome your comments and questions.
This Privacy Policy was posted on www.mountsinaiparks.org on February 3, 2015. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time.