https://mountshastaecology.org/get-involved/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyShastaEcology2018-11-10T17:43:10-08:00
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy includes information and policies regarding personal data privacy for the Mount Shasta Bioregional Ecology Center, including general information, and more specific information regarding certain service providers.
General Information
Who we are
The Mount Shasta Bioregional Ecology Center is a California 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization with headquarters in Mount Shasta, California. Our website address is www.mountshastaecology.org, and our contact information is here.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Data we collect from users and site visitors may include personal data, such as name, email address, personal account preferences; transactional data, such as purchase information; and technical data, such as information about cookies.
We do not intend or wish to collect or retain sensitive personal data, such as data concerning health and will delete such data immediately if found.
We collect personal, transactional and technical data primarily to inform, educate, and advocate for sound environmental policies in accordance with our nonprofit mission and purpose, and for the purpose of gaining financial and other support for our organization. By visiting our website, signing up for our email list or social media, shopping our online store, or otherwise providing such data to us or through our service providers, you consent to our collection and retention of such data in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable laws and regulations.
Personal data is not just created by a user’s interactions with our site. Personal data is also generated from technical processes such as contact forms, comments, cookies, analytics, and third party embeds.
By default WordPress does not collect any personal data about visitors, and only collects the data shown on the User Profile screen from registered users. However some plugins may collect personal data.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We use the Contact Form 7 WordPress Plug-in which collects and emails to us information as stated on each form. Our policy is to follow the best practices for designing and managing contact forms as discussed here.
Cookies
WordPress defaults: If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Please see below for cookies which may be set by other service providers via our website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, and other analytics services such as those provided through Jetpack. Please see the links above for information on how users can opt out of analytics tracking, and links to these analytics providers’ privacy policies.
By default WordPress does not collect any analytics data. However, our web hosting and email service providers (links above) may collect some anonymous analytics data.
Who we share your data with
We use the following services to collect data regarding our interactions with supporters and the general public. Here is a list of our primary service providers and their privacy information:
Jetpack (WordPress Plug-ins)
WooCommerce (Online Store)
Facebook (Social Media)
Instagram (Social Media)
Twitter (Social Media)
MailChimp (Email Marketing Service)
Eventbrite (Ticketing Service)
Quickbooks Online (Accounting Software)
Salesforce Nonprofit Success Pack (Customer Relationship Management Software)
Google applications (such as Google Drive, Gmail, Google Analytics, YouTube and others)
Yoast SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
Laughing Squid, which resells Pressable web hosting and Rackspace email services
DonationPay, Square, and PayPal (payment processors)
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Service providers listed above may retain data indefinitely, or for shorter periods of time.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Service providers listed above may effect transfers of our site data outside the European Union and be able to provide the means by which that data is safeguarded to European data protection standards. This could include our web hosting, cloud storage, or other third party services.
European data protection law requires data about European residents which is transferred outside the European Union to be safeguarded to the same standards as if the data was in Europe. Our organization’s policy is to use only service providers that can ensure that these standards are met.
Your contact information
If you wish to contact our organization for privacy-specific concerns, you may use the contact form or phone number shown on our website. Our Data Protection Officer for the purposes of ensuring your privacy and our compliance with the EU GDPR and other applicable laws and regulations is Andy Fusso, Board Member/Treasurer.
Additional information
How we protect your data
As a small nonprofit with limited resources, we primarily rely upon the use of standard commercial software and products designed to ensure privacy and comply with applicable laws and regulations. Our policy is never to share or sell personal data with any third party for any purpose, whether commercial or nonprofit, without express permission. The only possible exception could be sharing with service providers for the limited and express purpose of managing our administrative and information technology functions. We keep our hardware and software updated regularly, and provide staff training regarding the use of information systems and best practices for safeguarding information.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We monitor our databases and systems regularly and employ regular review and reconciliation processes to ensure their integrity. Should a breach occur which is beyond our in-house ability to remedy, we will engage outside help to safeguard data as required.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not receive data from third parties at this time.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not utilize automated decision making or profiling of user data.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
As a nonprofit organization, we are subject to regulation by US federal and California state government entities. We retain a CPA firm specializing in nonprofits, and ensure we file all required returns and reports accurately and on a timely basis with all regulatory agencies, while keeping the personal data of donors and others safe from disclosure at all times as required by law.
WooCommerce Information
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information as required for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you, and with others listed in the general information section above.
Payments
We accept donations and payments through DonationPay, Square, and through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed through these payment processors, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details, and links to DonationPay and Square as listed in the general information section above.
Akismet Information
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Jetpack Information
Activity Log
This feature only records activities of a site’s registered users, and the retention duration of activity data will depend on the site’s plan and activity type.
Data Used: To deliver this functionality and record activities around site management, the following information is captured: user email address, user role, user login, user display name, WordPress.com and local user IDs, the activity to be recorded, the WordPress.com-connected site ID of the site on which the activity takes place, the site’s Jetpack version, and the timestamp of the activity. Some activities may also include the actor’s IP address (login attempts, for example) and user agent.
Activity Tracked: Login attempts/actions, post and page update and publish actions, comment/pingback submission and management actions, plugin and theme management actions, widget updates, user management actions, and the modification of other various site settings and options. Retention duration of activity data depends on the site’s plan and activity type. See the complete list of currently-recorded activities (along with retention information).
Data Synced (?): Successful and failed login attempts, which will include the actor’s IP address and user agent.
Ads
This feature is only available to sites on the Premium and Professional plans.
Data Used: The following information (made available from the visitor’s browser) is collected and sent to Automattic’s Demand Partners: IP address, geographical data (derived from the IP address), user agent, operating system, device type, unique user ID (randomly generated identifier), current URL, and IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) interest category. Log data (IP address, geographical data, user agent, operating system, device type) is stored for 30 days. The unique user ID is stored in cookies and is retained for 1 year.
Activity Tracked: Ad impressions, video-related events (i.e. pause, mute, 100% plays, etc.) or errors, and ad click events. Various cookies are used for the following purposes: delivering targeted advertisements to specific visitors, storing user identifiers, and collecting anonymous ad platform stats.
Contact Form
Data Used: If Akismet is enabled on the site, the contact form submission data — IP address, user agent, name, email address, website, and message — is submitted to the Akismet service (also owned by Automattic) for the sole purpose of spam checking. The actual submission data is stored in the database of the site on which it was submitted and is emailed directly to the owner of the form (i.e. the site author who published the page on which the contact form resides). This email will include the submitter’s IP address, timestamp, name, email address, website, and message.
Data Synced (?): Post and post meta data associated with a user’s contact form submission. If Akismet is enabled on the site, the IP address and user agent originally submitted with the comment are synced, as well, as they are stored in post meta.
Google Analytics
This feature is only available to sites on the Premium and Professional plans.
Data Used: Please refer to the appropriate Google Analytics documentation for the specific type of data it collects. For sites running WooCommerce (also owned by Automattic) and this feature simultaneously and having all purchase tracking explicitly enabled, purchase events will send Google Analytics the following information: order number, product id and name, product category, total cost, and quantity of items purchased. Google Analytics does offer IP anonymization, which can be enabled by the site owner.
Activity Tracked: This feature sends page view events (and potentially video play events) over to Google Analytics for consumption. For sites running WooCommerce-powered stores, some additional events are also sent to Google Analytics: shopping cart additions and removals, product listing views and clicks, product detail views, and purchases. Tracking for each specific WooCommerce event needs to be enabled by the site owner.
Infinite Scroll
Data Used: In order to record page views via WordPress.com Stats (which must be enabled for page view tracking here to work) with additional loads, the following information is used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.
Activity Tracked: Page views will be tracked with each additional load (i.e. when you scroll down to the bottom of the page and a new set of posts loads automatically). If the site owner has enabled Google Analytics to work with this feature, a page view event will also be sent to the appropriate Google Analytics account with each additional load.
Jetpack Comments
Data Used: Commenter’s name, email address, and site URL (if provided via the comment form), timestamp, and IP address. Additionally, a jetpack.wordpress.com IFrame receives the following data: WordPress.com blog ID attached to the site, ID of the post on which the comment is being submitted, commenter’s local user ID (if available), commenter’s local username (if available), commenter’s site URL (if available), MD5 hash of the commenter’s email address (if available), and the comment content. If Akismet (also owned by Automattic) is enabled on the site, the following information is sent to the service for the sole purpose of spam checking: commenter’s name, email address, site URL, IP address, and user agent.
Activity Tracked: The comment author’s name, email address, and site URL (if provided during the comment submission) are stored in cookies. Learn more about these cookies.
Data Synced (?): All data and metadata (see above) associated with comments. This includes the status of the comment and, if Akismet is enabled on the site, whether or not it was classified as spam by Akismet.
Mobile Theme
Data Used: A visitor’s preference on viewing the mobile version of a site.
Activity Tracked: A cookie (akm_mobile) is stored for 3.5 days to remember whether or not a visitor of the site wishes to view its mobile version. Learn more about this cookie.
Protect
Data Used: In order to check login activity and potentially block fraudulent attempts, the following information is used: attempting user’s IP address, attempting user’s email address/username (i.e. according to the value they were attempting to use during the login process), and all IP-related HTTP headers attached to the attempting user.
Activity Tracked: Failed login attempts (these include IP address and user agent). We also set a cookie (jpp_math_pass) for 1 day to remember if/when a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human. Learn more about this cookie.
Data Synced (?): Failed login attempts, which contain the user’s IP address, attempted username or email address, and user agent information.
Sharing
Data Used: When sharing content via email (this option is only available if Akismet is active on the site), the following information is used: sharing party’s name and email address (if the user is logged in, this information will be pulled directly from their account), IP address (for spam checking), user agent (for spam checking), and email body/content. This content will be sent to Akismet (also owned by Automattic) so that a spam check can be performed. Additionally, if reCAPTCHA (by Google) is enabled by the site owner, the sharing party’s IP address will be shared with that service. You can find Google’s privacy policy here.
Simple Payments
This feature is only available to sites on the Premium and Professional plans, and the actual payment processing is handled by PayPal.
Data Used: Transaction amount, transaction currency code, product title, product price, product ID, order quantity, PayPal payer ID, and PayPal transaction ID.
Activity Tracked: The PayPal payer ID, transaction ID, and HTTP referrer are sent with a payment completion tracking event that is attached to the site owner.
Data Synced (?): PayPal transaction ID, PayPal transaction status, PayPal product ID, quantity, price, customer email address, currency, and payment button CTA text.
Because payments are processed by PayPal, we recommend reviewing its privacy policy.
WordPress.com Stats
Data Used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code. Important: The site owner does not have access to any of this information via this feature. For example, a site owner can see that a specific post has 285 views, but he/she cannot see which specific users/accounts viewed that post. Stats logs — containing visitor IP addresses and WordPress.com usernames (if available) — are retained by Automattic for 28 days and are used for the sole purpose of powering this feature.
Activity Tracked: Post and page views, video plays (if videos are hosted by WordPress.com), outbound link clicks, referring URLs and search engine terms, and country. When this module is enabled, Jetpack also tracks performance on each page load that includes the Javascript file used for tracking stats. This is exclusively for aggregate performance tracking across Jetpack sites in order to make sure that our plugin and code is not causing performance issues. This includes the tracking of page load times and resource loading duration (image files, Javascript files, CSS files, etc.). The site owner has the ability to force this feature to honor DNT settings of visitors. By default, DNT is currently not honored.
Go to Top