https://mr-nick.com/website-privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Read our company website privacy notice which is compliant with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site or sites owned and operated by Nick Nichols, Mr-Nick.com, including any information you may provide through our site when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a prize draw or competition.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Nick Nichols is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by submitting a support ticket by Nick@mr-nick.com
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data.
We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, username, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data may include your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data may include details about payments between us and other details of purchases made by you.
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data may include your username and password, purchases or orders, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any
information about criminal convictions and offences.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you: order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you;
enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey; or give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please see https://mr-nick.com/cookie-policy/ for more details.
Third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third
parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
analytics providers such as Facebook based outside the EU;
analytics providers such as Frontio based outside the EU;
advertising networks such as Facebook/Google/Youtube/Instagram/Twitter/Hotjar/and similar. Also Re-targeting services provided by these companies based outside the EU; search information providers Google based outside EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as PAYPAL based outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators based outside the EU. Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as public records.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by clicking on our Unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email communications or by submitting a support ticket by Nick@mr-nick.com
Purposes for processing your personal data
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for
which we are using your data. Please submit a support ticket to Nick@mr-nick.com details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity Type of data
To register you as a new (a) Identity
customer (b) Contact
To process and deliver your (a) Identity
order including: (b) Contact
(a) Manage payments, fees and (c) Financial
(d) Transaction
charges
(e) Marketing and
(b) Collect and recover money
Communications
owed to us
To manage our relationship with (a) Identity
you which will include: (b) Contact
(a) Notifying you about changes (c) Profile
(d) Marketing and
to our terms or privacy policy
Communications
(b) Asking you to leave a review
or take a survey
Lawful basis for processing Performance of a contract with you
(a) Performance of a contract with
you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us
(a) Performance of a contract with
you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
To enable you to partake in a (a) Identity
prize draw, competition or (b) Contact
complete a survey (c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and
Communications
To administer and protect our (a) Identity
business and our site (b) Contact
(including troubleshooting, (c) Technical
data analysis, testing, system
maintenance, support,
reporting and hosting of data)
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content (a) Identity
and advertisements to you (b) Contact
and measure and understand (c) Profile
the effectiveness of our (d) Usage
advertising (e) Marketing and
Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Marketing communications
(a) Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests
(b) Usage to define types of customers for our
products and services, to keep our
site updated and relevant, to develop
our business and to inform our
marketing strategy
(a) Identity Necessary for our legitimate interests
(b) Contact to develop our products/services and
(c) Technical grow our business
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
i. requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
ii. if you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
iii. in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by by submitting a support ticket to Nick@mr-nick.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please submit a support ticket to Nick@mr-nick.com
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Regulators and other authorities based in the United States and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We share your personal data with our approved service suppliers, some of which are outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Many of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
Where we use providers based in the United States, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer.
You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Please contact us by submitting a support ticket to Nick@mr-nick.com if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us by submitting a support ticket to
Nick@mr-nick.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10.THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
11.COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see https://mr-nick.com/cookie-policy/
Search for:
Archives Archives
Select Month
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
Recent Posts
30 Day Blueprint—Day 15—Creating your first list in Aweber
February 27, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 15—Introduction to Following Up
February 23, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 14—Test Everything Works
February 16, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 13—Connecting Aweber to Frontio
February 12, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 12—Building Your Bridge Page Using Frontio
January 30, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 11—Building Your Squeeze Page Using Frontio
January 26, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 10—Lead Magnets
January 23, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 9—Getting Started with Aweber
January 21, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 8—Introduction to list building
January 18, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 7—Test Everything!
January 16, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 6—First Blog Post
January 14, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Day 5—Legal Compliance Pages
January 11, 2019
WordPress and Gutenberg–Why, Oh, Why?
January 9, 2019
30 Day Blueprint—Days 1-4–WordPress Intro
January 7, 2019
Certification—Module 8—Graduation!
January 4, 2019
Certification—Module 7—Leverage
January 2, 2019
Certification—Module 6—Strategy
December 31, 2018
Certification—Module 5—Understanding Traffic
December 28, 2018
Certification—Module 4—The Six Figure Roadmap
December 26, 2018
Certification—Module 3—Creating Your Number
December 21, 2018
Certification—Module 2—Success Metric
December 19, 2018
The Certification Program
December 17, 2018
A Mentor?
December 14, 2018
10 Years to Now
December 12, 2018
About Mr-Nick
December 10, 2018
#1 My First Blog Post
December 8, 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy