http://mslegalsearch.com/terms-conditions
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentTerms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to mslegalsearch.com. We thank you for your visit. The materials located at this website are provided by MS Legal Search, LLC (“MS Legal Search”). Your use of this website and its related services, including, but not limited to, all web pages directly or indirectly accessible from or linked to www.mslegalsearch.com, is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use. Please read them carefully. By accessing or using this website, which includes your access to or use of any of the services available through this website, you agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use. MS Legal Search reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, effective immediately upon posting on this website. Please check back periodically for updates.
This website and its services are intended for individuals seeking employment in law-related fields and for employers seeking candidates for employment. This website may be used only for lawful purposes within the context of the foregoing intention. MS Legal Search is the sole interpreter of this website’s intended and acceptable use.
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by MS Legal Search. While we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to this website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on this website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of MS Legal Search. We have no control over the nature, content, and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep this website up and running smoothly. However, MS Legal Search takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for this website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues.
Intellectual Property Notice
The copyright in the text, images, screens and other materials provided on this website are owned by MS Legal Search or third parties. Except as authorized below, none of the materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, downloaded, displayed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of MS Legal Search or the copyright owner. MS Legal Search authorizes you to view, copy, download, and print MS Legal Search documents on this website, subject to the following conditions:
The documents may be used solely for personal, noncommercial, and informational purposes.
The documents may NOT be modified.
An appropriate copyright notice and permission notice must appear on each document, for example: © 2007 MS Legal Search, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Prohibited Site Use
MS Legal Search specifically prohibits certain unauthorized uses of this website, and you agree not to:
Submit material that contains viruses, other computer programming routines, or engines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any website material, system, data, or information.
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the proper working of this website or any activity being conducted on or through this website.
Use, transmit, distribute, store, or destroy material found on this website for any public or commercial purpose, or in a way that violates any applicable law or regulation, or in a manner that infringes the copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights of MS Legal Search or others, or violates the privacy, publicity, or other personal rights of MS Legal Search or others.
Use language that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive, or hateful to MS Legal Search or another user of this website or any other person or entity.
Employment
You understand and agree that MS Legal Search (a) does not warrant that you will receive any employment or job offers through this website; (b) is not responsible for any employment offers, employment screenings, employment decisions, and actual employment presented by third parties; (c) does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, validity, or timeliness of information listed by any third parties; (d) is not responsible for any materials posted by third parties, including, but not limited to, job openings and employment listings; and (e) is neither your employer nor your agent in any regard. You agree to use your own judgment, caution, and common sense in evaluating any prospective employers and any information provided by any third party.
Disclaimer of Liability
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content, and accuracy of any resume or material contained therein submitted by you on this website or via e-mail.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless MS Legal Search and all its officers, directors, members, owners, agents, employees, information providers, affiliates, licensors, and licensees from and against any and all liability and costs incurred by such parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and costs. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. MS Legal Search reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not settle any such matter without the written consent of MS Legal Search.
Privacy Policy
MS Legal Search will only use and disclose personal information in accordance with its then current privacy policy, available on this website, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Governing Law
This website (excluding any linked sites) is controlled by MS Legal Search from its offices within the State of Texas. The laws applicable to the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be the laws of the State of Texas and applicable federal law, without regard to any conflict of laws rules thereof. MS Legal Search makes no representation that the content, materials, services, or information available on this website are appropriate for access outside of the United States and accessing them from jurisdictions where they are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from outside the United States do so on their own initiative, at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws. You agree to submission of any dispute arising under or in connection with the use of this website and/or its contents to the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Texas, and you hereby agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction thereof.
General
Except as may be expressly provided in text on a particular Web page of this website, these Terms and Conditions of Use set forth the entire understanding and agreement between MS Legal Search and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck, and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. MS Legal Search’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive MS Legal Search’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. You acknowledge that transmissions to and from this website are not necessarily confidential and your communications may be read or intercepted by others. You acknowledge that by submitting communications to MS Legal Search, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied, or other relationship is created between you and MS Legal Search other than pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Complaints, Questions, or Comments
If you have any complaints, questions, or comments about these Terms and Conditions of Use, this website, and/or the content, please feel free to e-mail us at ms@mslegalsearch.com.