http://mslegalsearch.com/privacy-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentPrivacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect the privacy of information collected at this website, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices regarding the collection, use, and transfer of your personal data.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected by or submitted on the MS Legal Search website. On some MS Legal Search web pages, you can submit personal information and employment inquiries. The types of personal information collected at these pages are most commonly information provided in a standard résumé, (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, employment history, degrees, languages, and other skills and qualifications). We do not obtain information under false pretenses.
Other personal information may be collected if provided by job candidates voluntarily via e-mail or other web submission. It is MS Legal Search policy not to seek any sensitive personal information through our website, and we suggest that you do not provide any.
The Way We Use Information
Information you provide about yourself is stored in our proprietary database. We use this database to find you when job opportunities that match your experience and goals arise.
We do not share this information with outside parties unless we have your explicit consent for each instance of sharing.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Neither these addresses nor any other information you provide are used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. MS Legal Search does not sell, share, or license your personal information to third parties for any purpose other than those stated at the time of collection.
Other Ways We Use Information
MS Legal Search may use personal information for business quality improvement purposes, such as training and systems maintenance. We may engage third parties to provide specific services, including, but not limited to, auditing for compliance with relevant regulations, providing legal advice, translations, résumé formatting, back-up and security services, and research and administrative services. In connection with the performance of such services, such third parties may have access to and use of personal information that has been submitted to us.
Consent
To the extent permitted under applicable law, by providing any information to us, you will be deemed to have given explicit consent for us to hold and use such information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. MS Legal Search also reserves the right to use, disclose, and otherwise process information provided to us to comply with any applicable law and regulations.
Use of Non-Personally Identifying Information
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website, to improve our marketing, and to enhance our placement performance.
MS Legal Search will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to those described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We will use our best efforts to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Retention
We may maintain personal information for such period of time as may be appropriate in connection with the purposes described in this privacy policy or for legal or regulatory reasons.
No Contractual Relationship
Neither this privacy policy nor use of www.mslegalsearch.com is intended to create a contract or agreement between MS Legal Search and any website visitor or user.
Updating Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is subject to changes at short term without notification. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the MS Legal Search website. Please check back to stay informed.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send us an e-mail at ms@mslegalsearch.com.