https://mundellassociates.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Policies
(317) 630-9060
110 S. Downey Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 | Fax: (317) 630-9065
Company
About Us
Our Staff
Mission and Vision
Social Mission
Hablamos Español
Careers
Contact
Services
Industry Solutions
Portfolio
News
Discuss your projectYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Mundell & Associates respects the privacy of our clients and website visitors. This privacy policy details our collection and use of information collected from users of our website – www.mundellassociates.com; any changes to the policy will be posted on this page with a date the policy was last updated.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. You may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, and information pertaining to requests for proposals or requests for service price estimates. You may visit our site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about you whenever you interact with www.mundellassociates.com. This information allows us to improve our website and enhance customer browsing experience. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our site may use “cookies.” A cookie is a text file stored in your web browser when you visit a site. When you return to a website, the cookie is sent back to the browser to help remember information such as user preferences from previous visits. Cookies do not allow us to collect any personal information about you such as name or email. You may choose to set web browsers to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Refer to your specific browsers for information on how to change cookie settings.
How we use collected information
Mundell & Associates may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve www.mundellassociates.com
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via our site contact form.
Protecting your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our site.
Privacy of Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This site, our services, and products are not intended for anyone under the age of 13 nor do we knowingly collect information from those under the age of 13.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent personal identification information to others. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
You may find content on our www.mundellassociates.com that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Consent
By using www.mundellassociates.com, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Mundell & Associates, Inc
110 S Downey Ave Indianapolis, IN 46219
317-630-9060
info(at)mundellassociates.com
www.mundellassociates.com
This document was last updated on August 28, 2013
Discuss your project
News
Notice about COVID-19 policiesMarch 24, 2020in Company News
Featured: Mundell conducts air sampling in Franklin, IndianaJune 29, 2018in Science and Environment
EPA Celebrates 50 Years of Drinking Water Research and ProtectionDecember 2, 2020in Company News
Mundell Completes Environmental Review as Part of a Community Collaboration in Delaware CountyNovember 5, 2020in Science and Environment
John Mundell Speaks at Worldwide Ecology ConferenceNovember 3, 2020in Community Involvement
Mundell & Associates Celebrates 25 yearsOctober 20, 2020in Company News
Our Affiliations
- Midwestern States Environmental Consultants Association
- Environmental & Engineering Geophysical Society
- Professional Geologists of Indiana, Inc.
- National Ground Water Association
- American Societies of Chemical / Civil Engineers
Engineers without Borders
- Association of Environmental and Engineering Geologists
- Indiana Association for Environmental Professionals
- Geological Society of American
- Economy of Communion
.....and more
Be Inspired
Get full calendar ICAL· Google Calendar
Learn about Environment Issues from the EPA
On December 2, 1970 the EPA was established to consolidate a variety of federal research, monitoring, standard-setting and enforcement activities to ensure environmental protection. Since its inception, EPA has been working for a cleaner, healthier environment for the American people.
The EPA website contains a myriad of environmental topics, tips, and resources for family, educators, and students. Take some time to browse, and put your plan into action!
Source: EPA
.....see all tips