http://muse.jhu.edu/privacy_policy
[Skip to Content]
Institutional Login
LOG IN
browse
or
menu
Advanced Search
Browse
MyMUSE Account
Log In / Sign Up
Change My Account
User Settings
Access via Institution
MyMUSE Library
Search History
View History
Purchase History
MyMUSE Alerts
Contact Support
Privacy Policy
Updated May 7, 2018
Johns Hopkins University Press (JHUP) publishes books and journals, distributes books through Hopkins Fulfillment Services, and is a digital content disseminator of journals and books through Project MUSE. JHUP is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring the integrity of the personal information you provide in order to access our products and services. We invite you to read our privacy policy to understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
1. Personal Information We Collect
The personal information that we collect is provided directly from your input, automatically through various web-based technologies, or through manual data entry.
The type of personal information that we collect directly from your input, varies depending upon the products or services that you may wish to access and can include the following:
Your contact details such as name, address, email address, and phone number.
Credentials you create for authentication and account access, such as username and password.
Your communication and support requests such as email alerts, requests for information on product and services, and requests for technical assistance.
Your professional information such as academic discipline, current position and affiliation, or research interests.
We may also automatically collect information about your online use of our products and services such as:
The types of devices that you use to connect with us and related information such as IP address, browser type and version, operating system, mobile platform, unique device identifier, and other technical identifiers.
Usage data that is generated when you connect with us such as date and time stamp, referring and exit pages, and pages that you have visited.
JHUP collects this information through our servers by means of cookies, web beacons, and other tools. You can control technologies such as cookies through your browser settings. However, changing your browser settings may impact your experience with our products and services.
2. How We Use Your Information
JHUP uses the information that we collect for three main purposes, which are described in more detail below: (1) to operate our business and provide you with the products and services that you have opted to purchase or access, (2) to enhance our products or improve the services that we provide, and (3) to better respond to your comments or customer service requests.
We use your information to fulfill your order or request for service such as delivering a print publication or enabling access to a digital product or service.
We use your information to send you product-specific correspondence such as purchase confirmations or subscription product renewal notices.
We use your information to provide you customized content that you request such as email alerts and product information.
We use your information to respond to your questions, comments, or concerns.
Information that we gather automatically is used to identify and interpret usage data so that we can improve or add to our products and services.
3. How We Share Your Information
We share your personal information with your consent or as required to fulfill an order for a product that you have purchased or a service request that you have authorized. For instance, when a payment is required to complete a purchase that you have initiated, we will share the payment data that you supplied with banks and other entities that process payment transactions and for fraud prevention and credit risk resolution.
Your personal information is shared with agents, representatives, or other entities for which JHUP serves as a licensee or publisher such as content aggregators or academic societies.
We share your personal information with service providers including printers, mail houses, shipping agents, email service providers, and IT service providers.
We may also need to provide your personal information if we have credible reason to believe that such disclosure is required to:
Satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal obligation, or process.
Identify, investigate, and prevent security fraud or other criminal behaviors.
Protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymous usage data reports and aggregated information, for any purpose, except where restricted by law.
4. How to Access, Change, or Delete Your Information
You may access, review, and make corrections to or update your personal information at any time provided that you have an active account in our system(s) and authenticate as a registered user. You may also make choices concerning the collection and use of your data.
How you access your personal data is dependent upon which of our products or services you use or access. You are solely responsible for the accuracy of your personal information.
You may request that we send you the personal information that you have submitted. We will provide your information in an agreed upon format. You may also request that we transmit your personal information directly to another information controller and we will comply with that request when technically feasible.
You may request that we delete the personal information that you provide. We will endeavor to fulfill your requests, but some personal information may persist in backup copies for a certain period of time and may be retained as necessary for legitimate business purposes or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you have an active account, please sign on using your sign-on ID and password and edit your account status.
If you do not have an active account, contact information for requesting that we either send to you or delete the personal information that you have supplied in the past can be found at the bottom of this policy.
5. Third Party Websites and International Data Transfer
Our business operations and the delivery of products and services sometimes requires that links be made available from this website to third party websites. The privacy policies of these third party sites vary, and JHUP will not be held responsible for the uses of personal information collected by others including these third parties. You should also be aware that any personal information that you voluntarily disclose to other individuals or entities could be collected and distributed by others. JHUP takes no responsibility for this collection and dissemination.
6. Data Security and Information Storage
JHUP will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction by utilizing the appropriate administrative, physical, and technical security measures.
Your information, unless otherwise specified, is stored indefinitely.
However, you have the right to request that your personal information be deleted from our system.
Please refer to section 4 "How to Access, Change, or Delete Your Information,” for instructions. Books account information is stored for a minimum of eighteen months to facilitate credit requests related to returned books.
7. Contact Us
Please send requests for a record of your personal information on file, requests to delete your personal information from our records, or questions regarding this privacy policy to:
Data Protection Officer
Johns Hopkins University Press
2715 N. Charles Street
Baltimore, MD 21218-4363
Email: DPO@press.jhu.edu
Project MUSE Mission
Project MUSE promotes the creation and dissemination of essential humanities and social science resources through collaboration with libraries, publishers, and scholars worldwide. Forged from a partnership between a university press and a library, Project MUSE is a trusted part of the academic and scholarly community it serves.
about
MUSE Story
Publishers
Discovery Partners
Advisory Board
Journal Subscribers
Book Customers
Conferences
what's on muse
Open Access
Journals
Books
MUSE in Focus
T.S. Eliot Prose
resources
News & Announcements
Email Sign-Up
Promotional Materials
Get Alerts
Presentations
information for
Publishers
Librarians
Individuals
Instructors
Contact
Contact Us
Help
Policy & Terms
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
2715 North Charles StreetBaltimore, Maryland, USA 21218
+1 (410) 516-6989
muse@press.jhu.edu
©2020 Project MUSE. Produced by Johns Hopkins University Press in collaboration with The Sheridan Libraries.
Now and Always,The Trusted Content Your Research Requires
Now and Always, The Trusted Content Your Research Requires
Built on the Johns Hopkins University Campus
Built on the Johns Hopkins University Campus
©2020 Project MUSE. Produced by Johns Hopkins University Press in collaboration with The Sheridan Libraries.
Back To Top
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Without cookies your experience may not be seamless.