https://muslimhands.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Explore Muslim Hands
The following terms and conditions apply to all donations made on the Muslim Hands website.
Our contract
If you place an online donation with Muslim Hands we will send you an email confirming receipt of your donation and the details of your donation. Your donation represents an offer to us to which is accepted by us when we deliver a Final Receipt.
Description of items
We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of donation items appearing on the website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. We reserve the right to refuse donations where item information has been mis-published, including prices and promotions.
Refunds
Refunds are at the discretion of the charity, except in the case of fraudulent activity. In all such cases please contact us mail@muslimhands.org.uk.
Security
When submitting your donation you are agreeing to allow Muslim Hands to use your personal data for the purpose of processing your donation. For further information on privacy and security please see our Privacy Policy.
Alteration of service or amendments to the conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Donation at any time. You will be subject to the policies and Terms and Conditions of Donation in force at the time that you use the website, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to donations previously placed by you). If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Events beyond our reasonable control
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You agree, as we do, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Muslim Hands' charity registration number is 1105056.
Established in 1993, Muslim Hands is an aid agency and NGO helping those affected by poverty, conflict and natural disaster in over 20 countries worldwide.
Volunteer
Donate Now