https://muslimhands.org.uk/privacy-and-security
Explore Muslim Hands
Muslim Hands is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. Further, we recognise the importance of informing you how we treat information about you that we may receive from use of this website, as well as data collected elsewhere.
Muslim Hands does not sell or lease personal information about you to any third-parties or for any use. Muslim Hands will provide a copy of all information we hold about you if you direct us to do so.
Who we are
Muslim Hands is a UK registered charity. Our registration details are:
Registered address: 148 Gregory Boulevard, Nottingham, NG7 5JE Charity Registration number: 1105056Company registration number: 05080486Phone number: +44(0)115 911 7222 Email: mail@muslimhands.org.uk
Your rights regarding your data
Under GDPR regulations, which came into effect on the 25th of May 2018, individuals have been given specific rights regarding their personal data. These rights are:
The right to be informed: Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
The right of access: Individuals have the right to access their personal data.
The right to rectification: Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete.
The right to erasure: Individuals to have personal data erased, but this is not absolute and only applies if not required for legal or similar purposes.
The right to restrict processing: Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances. When the process is restricted, we will place your data in a suppression list to ensure it is no longer used.
The right to object: Individuals have an absolute right to stop their data being processed in certain circumstances, such as for direct marketing.
Your personal data
We may collect information about you from various means, depending on your interaction with us. This can include, but not limited to:
Use of this website
Donations you make via this website, phone, post or in person
Fundraising event registrations
If you contact us via email, phone, letter or through our website
Job applications
When you enter a prize draw
When you interact with us on our various social media platforms
What information do we collect about you?
The information we collect about you will only be relevant to the type of interaction we have with you. For example, if you have donated with us, we may collect your name, home address, email address and payment details.
Sensitive data is only collected when there is a clear reason. For example, we may need to know the status of your health if you have registered for a physically demanding fundraising event. In all other cases we do not collect or hold such data.
How we use your information
The information we collect is used to ensure you receive the best service possible from us. Your data can be used in a variety of ways, for example:
Processing your donations
Provide you with the services or information you require, such as the MyMH donor portal or donation feedback
Updates on appeals, events and project feedback
Processing Gift Aid
Confirmation of donations and event registrations
To deal with queries and requests you make
To personalise the service we provide you
To improve our website, services and projects
Consent to use your information
If you have given us explicit consent to use your personal data for marketing purposes, you always have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Any direct communication you receive from us, whether via post, email, phone, SMS or other means will include clear instructions on how to withdraw your consent.
To withdraw your consent for any particular means of communication from us, please contact our donor care team:
Telephone: +44(0)115 911 7222Email: dpo@muslimhands.org.uk
If you do choose to withdraw consent, we will hold your data on a suppression list to ensure you are not contacted again.
Sharing your information
Muslim Hands will never sell or lease your data.
If you have given us consent to contact you for marketing, information sharing purposes or due to what we deem as a legitimate interest, we may share your information with third parties such as:
Mailing houses if we are allowed to send you marketing material in the post
Email and text message service providers if you have allowed us to contact you via those means
HRMC if you have selected to give Gift Aid with your donations
Payment processing providers if you have made a credit or debit transaction online, via the phone, post or in person
Event organisers, airlines and hotels if you have registered for a fundraising event in the UK or abroad
Law enforcement agencies if we receive a valid request
Due diligence checks to ensure no one is using our services for criminal activities
Websites and software providers for the purposes of providing you the services you require, as well as improving our service in general
Requesting information we hold about you
You can request the information we hold about you at any time by contacting our donor care team. Please note it can take up to 30 days to receive this information.
Your Muslim Hands account can be cancelled at any time by contacting our customer care team.
How long we keep hold of your personal data
The length of time we keep data is dependent on the type of data it is but is generally only as long as necessary. Some data must be kept by law for a certain period. For example, information about donations eligible for Gift Aid must be kept for seven years to comply with HMRC regulations.
How we keep your data safe and secure
All personal data is stored in a separate database that is encrypted both in transit and at rest. Staff access to personal data is highly restricted and we regularly review our security processes to ensure we are following best practices.
This website
In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web server may collect the IP addresses, not the email addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are portions of this Site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as making a donation.
The information collected from you is stored in the form of cookies and may include your name, address, telephone, or email address.
You can find out more about cookies and how we use them below.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser. They help websites to remember information about their users. This information often helps the site perform useful functions such as remembering which items have been added to your shopping cart. Cookies allow websites to remember your activity so they can recognise you when you use the site again in future and respond accordingly. This will mean you have a better, more personalised experience the next time you visit.
Cookies on our site are anonymous and do not contain any personal identifiable information.
Changing cookie preferences
You can update and change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking the link found in the footer of each page. To ensure you receive the best experience from Muslim Hands and using this Site in particular, we suggest you use the recommended settings.
You can also use your browser to disable cookies through your web browser preferences.
Types of cookie we use
Necessary cookies: Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and donation payments. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Website Analytics: Analytical cookies help us to improve our website and user experience by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Advertising: Advertising cookies help us to ensure the advertising you see from us is relevant to you. We use third party services to provide this advertising.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please get in touch or via dpo@muslimhands.org.uk
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes.
Established in 1993, Muslim Hands is an aid agency and NGO helping those affected by poverty, conflict and natural disaster in over 20 countries worldwide.
Volunteer
Donate Now