https://my.neighbor.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the terms “we,” “us,” “our” and “Village” refer to St. Vincent de Paul Village, Inc. and S.V.D.P. Management, Inc., both doing business as Father Joe’s Villages. “You” and “your” refers to you, as a user of the Father Joe’s Villages website. The Privacy Policy below governs any information you provide on this site. This Privacy Policy describes:
Overview;
Personal Information that Father Joe’s Villages May Collect Online;
How Father Joe’s Villages Uses Personal Information Collected Online;
How Your Information May Be Shared;
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information;
Computer Tracking and Cookies; and
Problems or Complaints with this Privacy Policy.
Overview
By using the Father Joe’s Villages website, you expressly consent to our collection and use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of your personal information. Billing information is encrypted whenever transmitted or received online. Personal information is accessible only by Father Joe’s Villages staff or volunteers designated to handle online requests. All Father Joe’s Villages staff and consultants with access to personal information obtained on the Father Joe’s Villages web sites are also bound to adhere to this policy.
Personal Information that Father Joe’s Villages May Collect Online
Father Joe’s Villages collects the following types of personal information: names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers and billing information. Father Joe’s Villages does not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13, and no part of our site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
How Father Joe’s Villages May Use Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you consent, Father Joe’s Villages will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it was submitted such as to process billing for donations, and we will use such information to provide operational notices, recordkeeping and to conduct research on industry practices. Our research may lead to the publication of aggregate demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us. When you donate online or offline, your donor information is never sold or shared.
How Your Information May Be Shared
If you complete the our email sign up form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through this same online form. You can not remove yourself from our database but you can prevent unwanted communication. To opt-out of receiving communications or change your contact information through our online form:
Visit our Contact Us page.
Under “What does your question concern?”, select “Opt In/Out of Communications”.
Under “Your Message”, please be as detailed as possible about what communications you’d like to opt-in or opt-out of (email, mail, etc).
If you would like to opt-out of email communications from Father Joe’s Villages immediately, you can also click “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the last email you received from Father Joe’s Villages. This will take you to a page where you can adjust which types of emails you receive or opt out of receiving emails all-together. If you would like to stop receiving all email communications from Father Joe’s Villages:
Click “Unsubscribe” from the bottom of the most recent email you received.
Under the header “Would you like to continue receiving email from us?”, please click “No, please completely remove [youremailaddress@xxx.xxx] from your email list and send no further emails”
Click “Update my Email Profile.”
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our web site is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Father Joe’s Villages uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the Father Joe’s Villages site if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
Partner Privacy Notices
Regional Task Force for the Homeless Privacy Notice – English
Regional Task Force for the Homeless Privacy Notice – Spanish
Problems and Complaints
If you have a complaint about the Father Joe’s Villages’ compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at webmaster@neighbor.org.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Father Joe’s Villages Food Services Program Serves as a Doorway to a Better Life
5 Ways to Give Back to the Community This Thanksgiving
Father Joe’s Villages’ Recuperative Care Program
14 Reasons Why You Should Shop at a Thrift Store
Father Joe’s Villages Continues Substance Use Disorder and Behavioral Health Services During Pandemic
More Recent Posts Categories
Blog
News
Our Stories
Press Releases
Timeline
FED. ID: #33-0492302