https://mypromisefm.com/who-we-are/privacy-statement/
LISTEN NOW
Home
Who We Are
What We Believe
Contact Us
Staff Bios
Chuck O’Dell
Lorenda Rae
Don Godman
Gage Qualls
Kylee Robinson
Photos
Coverage Area
Mission Statement
Privacy Statement
Music
Newest Songs
Ministry
Programs
How to Become a Christian
Bible Study
Submit a Prayer Request
Events
Community Calendar
Submit an Event
Donate
Make a Secure Donation Online
Become a Day Sponsor
Business Underwriting
Current Business Underwriters
Financial Information
Contest Rules
Upcoming Events
« December 2020
»
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
Fri
11
Blood Drive
December 11 @ 8:00 am - 12:00 pm
Tue
15
RFA Orientation
December 15 @ 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm
Thu
24
Christmas Eve Candlelight Service
December 24 @ 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
Follow The Promise
Follow @mypromisefm
Privacy Statement
Updated April 2012
Harvest Broadcasting Company Inc. – the Promise FM is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without providing any information about yourself. Sometimes your personal information is required to provide services and information you request. This privacy statement explains our data collection and use of your personal information. This privacy statement applies only to mypromisefm.com.
Collection of your personal information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering before entering a contests, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access premium area of our site, or when purchasing items or donating to the Promise FM. Personal information collected by mypromisefm.com is often limited to e-mail address and name, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
For example, when entering a contest on our Web site we will request personal information necessary for communicating with you, such as: name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
When you provide personal information to mypromisefm.com we keep this information on file with any information you’ve already given us on previous visits to our Web site. mypromisefm.com also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the services you access, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of mypromisefm.com.
mypromisefm.com also collects information about which pages our users visit within mypromisefm.com. This visitation data is identified only by a unique ID number.
Use of your personal information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters or events, that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to special offers, contests and new services from mypromisefm.com, if you so request.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
In some areas of our site we use your personal information to provide personalized content. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including: sending electronic and/or postal mail, answering listener questions, completing e-commerce transactions and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
The Promise FM may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Promise FM or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the Promise FM, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the Promise FM employees, users of the Promise FM services, or members of the public.
Control of your personal information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, mypromisefm.com will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Security of your personal information
The Promise FM is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access. When we transmit sensitive information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Protection of children’s personal information
mypromisefm.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Unsolicited commercial e-mail (spam)
The Promise FM maintains a strict “no-spam” policy. Your personal information, including your email address, will not be sold, rented or released to any third party for unsolicited e-mail. When you subscribe to newsletters and other services at mypromisefm.com, you will only receive e-mail related to the newsletters and services you registered for.
Users may unsubscribe to any e-mail at any time by following the instructions contained within the e-mail message.
Use of cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the listener’s machine (if the listener accepts cookies) or is read if the listener has visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above.
We also use cookies to collect information on which newsletter links are clicked by listeners. This information is used to ensure we are sending information listeners want to read.
Web beacons, also known as clear gif technology, or action tags, may be used to assist in delivering the cookie on our site. This technology tells us how many listeners clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a mypromisefm.com Web page or e-mail message. This is a tool we use to compile statistics about mypromisefm.com Web site and newsletter usage.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the mypromisefm.com Web site, you may be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact the Promise FM by e-mail.
Changes to this Statement
The Promise FM will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy statement.
Contact Information
The Promise FM welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. Please contact us by e-mail, or postal mail at the address below:
Promise FM
1300 South Woodland
Visalia, CA 93277
Who We AreWhat We Believe
Staff Bios
Contact Us
Coverage Area
Mission Statement
Privacy Statement
MusicListen Live
Newest Songs
MinistryPrograms
How to Become a Christian
Bible Study
Submit a prayer request
EventsCommunity Calendar
Submit an Event
Contest Rules
Donate OnlineFinancial Information
Current Business Underwriters
Business Underwriting
Become a Day Sponsor
Facebook
Meta
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
PromiseFM
1300 S. Woodland Dr.
Visalia, CA 93277
(559) 627-5276
(855) 4-A-PROMISE