https://mysticweb.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Mysticweb
Home
About
About This Site
About Belsebuub
Contact
Courses
Astral Travel & Dreams
A Course in Self-Discovery
Esoteric Wisdom
Advanced Investigation
Teachers
Home
About
About This Site
About Belsebuub
Contact
Courses
Astral Travel & Dreams
A Course in Self-Discovery
Esoteric Wisdom
Advanced Investigation
Teachers
Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Data collected via Mysticweb.org is controlled by Red Earth Spirit, a non-profit organisation in Australia (hereinafter “Red Earth Spirit”).
Red Earth Spirit respects the privacy of all those who use the services we provide on this site.
This policy explains how and when your information is collected, how it is processed, and the legal basis for those activities. It also explains the rights you may have with respect to your personal information.
TOPICS
Sites Covered by This Privacy Statement
Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Special Categories of Data
Your Rights When It Comes to Your Data
Cookies
Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy
Who We Share Your Information With
How We Secure Your Data
Changes to Our Privacy Policy / This Statement
How to Contact Us
1. Sites Covered by This Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to Red Earth Spirit’s Mysticweb.org website.
2. Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We may collect your personal information via this website in specific situations as described below.
Information Automatically Collected by Our Website
When you visit our website, information regarding your visit is logged to our website and/or server logs such as your IP address, the time and date you visited our website, the browser and operating system you used to visit our website, the website address of the site you came from, and the pages on our site you visited. This data is used by us for security purposes, for internal administration, and to analyze the way in which people use our site, so that we can keep improving the services we offer.
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. The processing of this data is necessary for us to properly and securely administer our website and to provide our service to you.
We keep an ongoing record of this information for archival purposes as part of our internal governance obligations.
Information Collected by Our Website Software
Wordfence
For security purposes we use Wordfence, a GDPR compliant WordPress plugin by Defiant, Inc., to keep our websites and their data secure. By using the WordFence plugin on our website, Defiant automatically collects End User search queries and the date and time of the End User’s request and referral URL. Depending on the settings of a End User’s computer or mobile device (“Device”), Defiant also automatically collects: IP address; MAC address; Device make, model and operating system version; mobile network information; internet service provider; browser type and language; country and time zone in which the Device is located; and metadata stored on the Device. According to Defiant, the company only uses this data collected to operate, manage and improve their Services and ensure the technical functionality and security of the Services. Defiant’s privacy policy can be found here.
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. The processing of this data is necessary for us to properly and securely administer our website and to provide our service to you.
Information Sent via Email
This site may provide email addresses to which enquiries can be directed. Additionally, if you submit a web form, we may respond to your enquiry via email. If you choose to send information to an email address associated with this site, the information you send will be transmitted and stored and may be reviewed by representatives of this website. Providing this service enables the public to communicate with us, and for us to respond to their enquiries.
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. The processing of this data is necessary for us to provide the service of communication via our website.
We keep an ongoing record of all incoming and outgoing email for archival purposes as part of our internal governance obligations and as a record of the service provided.
3. Special Categories of Data
Due to the religious and philosophical nature of this website, it is possible that we may collect data that receives special protection under the EU General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR), specifically, data revealing religious or philosophical beliefs.
We only process this data under one or more of the following conditions:
a) The data is processed with appropriate safeguards in the course of the legitimate activities of Red Earth Spirit, a not-for-profit organization with a philosophical and religious aim, and on condition that the processing relates solely to our members or to former members or to persons who have regular contact with us in connection with our purposes and that the personal data are not disclosed outside our organization without consent of the data subject.
b) The processing relates to personal data which are manifestly made public by you in the course of using our website, such as by submitting content to be published in comments, forums, or other public areas of the website.
4. Your Rights When It Comes to Your Data
If you are within the European Union (EU),you may have various rights with respect to your personal information under the General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, you can contact us via our privacy contact page. Our policy is to reply to all requests without undue delay.
These rights include:
Right of Access
You have the right to obtain access to your personal data that is being processed.
Right of Rectification
You have the right to obtain rectification of inaccurate personal data.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Where your personal information is being processed because of your explicit consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, although this does not affect the lawfulness of processing done prior to the withdrawal of consent.
Right to Object to Processing
Where your personal information is being processed because of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to that processing.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right under some circumstances to request that processing be restricted.
Right to Erasure
You have the right under some circumstances to request the erasure of your data.
Right to Portability
Where your personal information is being processed because of your explicit consent, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to another controller without hindrance.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority of an EU member state concerned by the processing of personal data.
5. Cookies
This website does not use cookies.
6. Links to Other Websites
Red Earth Spirit websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave Red Earth Spirit’s website. Red Earth Spirit does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from those of Red Earth Spirit. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
7. Children’s Privacy
Red Earth Spirit is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Red Earth Spirit does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and Red Earth Spirit does not target its websites to children under 13.
8. Who We Share Your Information With
We use third-party data processors who process data on our behalf. We use third-parties to provide website hosting, website security services, professional services, among other services. We ensure that data processors that we retain provide sufficient guarantees that they meet appropriate privacy requirements.
Besides such data processors that we have retained for a specific purpose, we do not share your information with third parties, except when required by law.
The ownership of this website may on some future date be transferred to another third-party organization as part of a purchase, merger, acquisition, consolidation, or change in business operations. In that case, the new owner of the website would become the controller of the data described in this policy. If such a transfer occurs, we will ensure that any such transfer agreement includes sufficient safeguards to ensure that the data continues to be processed for the same purposes as described in this policy and that the receiving organization is committed to an equivalent level of privacy protection.
9. How We Secure Your Data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. Even though we try our best, we cannot guarantee the security of information. However, we will notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
10. Changes to Our Privacy Policy / This Statement
If there are updates to the terms of Red Earth Spirit’s Online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes and update the revision date in this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have.
11. Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via our privacy contact page.
Rev. 5 June 2018
Copyright © 2020 Red Earth Spirit. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Copyright & DMCA