https://nathan-nathan.com/privacy/
This is an attempt to collect a debt and any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Note: The Nathan & Nathan Privacy Policy has been updated with an effective date of August 13th, 2020.
Nathan & Nathan, P.C. (“Nathan & Nathan,” “we,” “us,” “our”) recognizes the importance of maintaining effective privacy practices. This Privacy Policy explains the data collection and use policies that apply to the websites, email communications, and online services that are owned or controlled by Nathan & Nathan (www.nathan-nathan.com) (“Sites”). This privacy policy applies to the Sites and all products and services offered by Nathan & Nathan, P.C.
Information Collection and Use
Personally identifiable information – We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. In addition, Nathan & Nathan, P.C. may disclose personally identifiable information as may be required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process.
Non-personal identification information – We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies – Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Sites may not function properly.
How we use collected information – Nathan & Nathan, P.C. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To process transactions – We may use the information Users provide about themselves when making a payment only to provide service to that payment. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
The email address Users provide will only be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
In furtherance of our attempt to collect the debt owed to our client.
Data Protection and Storage
How we protect your information – We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing of personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may share your information with our service providers and business partners who assist us in providing our services and information to support the collection of debts on behalf of our clients. We may also share information with our service providers and business partners to help us monitor usage and other analytics regarding our Services, and to help us improve these offerings. When we share your information with our service providers and business partners, we only provide the information that these third parties reasonably need to perform their functions.
We may aggregate, or strip information of personally identifying characteristics, and may share that aggregated or anonymized information with third parties.
We may share or disclose your information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that we are required to do so under applicable law or regulatory requirements, or if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity, and/or to enforce our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this privacy policy
Nathan & Nathan, P.C. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Acceptance of terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please contact us either by phone or at the following address:
Nathan & Nathan, P.C.
Attn: Website Administrator
P.O. Box 1715
Birmingham, AL 35201
Toll Free (866) 498-5400