https://nationalsave.org/terms-conditions-2/
SAVE Promise Clubs
Students Against Violence Everywhere
Home
Who
Youth Advisory Board
History
SAVE Promise Clubs
Club Registration
Club Map
Why SAVE?
SAVE is Changing Lives
What
Educate
Start With Hello
Empower
Annual Awards
Nino Sustache Scholarship
Engage
Get Social With SAVE!
Encourage
Events
Media
SAVE Promise Club Newsletter
SAVE VIDEOS
Tools
Back to School Safety
Club Registration
Start With Hello
Crime Prevention
Gangs
Weapon Safety
Teen Safe Driving
Internet & Social Media Safety
Conflict Management
Bullying Prevention
Relationship Violence
Diversity
Hate Crimes
Communication
Resources
Responding to School Violence Tragedies
Shop
Contact
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Please Read Carefully
By accessing this site (the “Site”), you agree to the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree, you should exit the site and not use it further. Nationalsave.org (SAVE) reserves the right to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting, and also to modify or terminate any products, services, software, applications or features on the Site at any time. All products, services, software, applications or features available on or through this Site are subject to these Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to the EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES and Limitations of Liability below.
Privacy Click here to see our Privacy Policy
Limitations on Use
You may browse the Site, use its applications and features, and you may download material displayed on the Site, all for non-commercial, personal, or educational use only. You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from materials you download. Nor may you distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use any material from the Site for commercial purposes. These limitations apply to all material on the Site, including but not limited to the text, applications, computer code, images, audio and video. Any use contrary to these limitations is a violation of the intellectual property rights of National SAVE and/or its contributors. Unless otherwise noted, all material on the Site is copyrighted. Copyright violation is a serious offense, punishable by civil and criminal penalties.
Limitations on Liability
National SAVE uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, but makes no warranties as to its accuracy. National SAVE has not reviewed any sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any sites linked to the Site. Your access to, and use of, the Site, including your linking to any other off-Site pages or other sites, are at your own risk.
Any merchandise, coupons, offers, products or services offered to you through links to the site are provided by third parties who are not affiliated with National SAVE National SAVE does not endorse any third-party sites or any offers available through any such sites. National SAVE has no responsibility for any transactions and communications between you and any third party, including but not limited to any personal information you may choose to provide to any third party.
Neither National SAVE nor any other party involved with the Site shall be liable for any direct, indirect incidental, consequential, or punitive or other damages or losses of any kind whatsoever arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site, including but not limited to any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect or computer virus, or the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery or unavailability of any information, material, products, services, applications or features, even if advised of the possibility of such damages or losses. By using the Site, you agree to release and hold harmless NATIONAL SAVE, its affiliates, officers, directors and employees from any and all claims, demands, damages, costs and expenses of any kind whatsoever relating in any way to use of the Site.
Exclusion of Warranties
EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, National SAVE DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS AND PERFORMANCE OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, APPLICATIONS, FEATURES, OR INFORMATION ON THE SITE, AS WELL AS FOR ANY SUCH ITEMS OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH ANY LINKS TO THE SITE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or certain forms of damages, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Trademarks The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site, including Students Against Violence Everywhere and Youth Voices: Grown Up Choices, are Trademarks of National SAVE All other Trademarks, publicity rights and other rights are the property of their respective owners. You do not have any license or right, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, to use any Trademark, image or other material displayed on the Site without the written permission of National SAVE or the third party that may own the relevant material.
Violations National SAVE reserves the right to pursue any and all legal and equitable remedies against anyone violating these Terms and Conditions. Any failure by National SAVE to enforce any of its rights hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights or of any other rights.
Share
Recent Posts
Start With Hello Week – September 21-25, 2020
Posted Aug 12, 2020 By Carleen
National Youth Violence Prevention Week – March 31-April 3
Posted Apr 01, 2020 By Carleen
April Theme: Youth Empowerment
Posted Mar 24, 2020 By Carleen
About SAVE (Students Against Violence Everywhere) Promise Clubs are a place for young people across the country to show their leadership, creativity and passion for protecting their friends, schools and communities from violence BEFORE it happens.
SAVE Promise Clubs are established and led by students, and are a powerful approach to preventing gun violence (and other forms of violence and victimization) because they recognize the unique role that young people play in making their schools and communities safer.
Club ToolsClub Registration
Conflict Management
Crime Prevention
Search
I AM...
© Sandy Hook Promise 2019
Terms & Conditions/
Privacy Policy/
Site Development: Heather McMillen/