https://nationalsave.org/privacy-policy/
SAVE Promise Clubs
Students Against Violence Everywhere
Home
Who
Youth Advisory Board
History
SAVE Promise Clubs
Club Registration
Club Map
Why SAVE?
SAVE is Changing Lives
What
Educate
Start With Hello
Empower
Annual Awards
Nino Sustache Scholarship
Engage
Get Social With SAVE!
Encourage
Events
Media
SAVE Promise Club Newsletter
SAVE VIDEOS
Tools
Back to School Safety
Club Registration
Start With Hello
Crime Prevention
Gangs
Weapon Safety
Teen Safe Driving
Internet & Social Media Safety
Conflict Management
Bullying Prevention
Relationship Violence
Diversity
Hate Crimes
Communication
Resources
Responding to School Violence Tragedies
Shop
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
National Association of Students Against Violence Everywhere Privacy Policy
The National Association of SAVE (“SAVE”) has created this Privacy Policy to show its commitment to privacy for online visitors. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
National Association of SAVE
PO Box 508
Garner, NC 27529
Or email us at info@nationalsave.org
This Privacy Policy may be changed or updated from time to time, so please check back periodically. The current version of this Privacy Policy is effective as of October 1, 2012.
Our Policy:
SAVE respects the privacy of its online visitors. We do not require you to register or provide personally identifiable information (“Information”) to view our site. You will be asked to disclose Information only if you request direct contact with us. This is voluntary by you. For example, if you email one of our staff members via the site, we will automatically have your email address to respond to your question or concern. If you request materials be sent to you, we will need Information such as your name and address to send you the materials you want. We will not normally share any Information you give us with third parties, but we may do so if: (1) you authorize us to share said Information, (2) such sharing is necessary to provide the service or materials you request, in which case we will ask the third party to comply with this policy with respect to the Information, or (3) we are required by law. Except as described in this privacy policy, National SAVE will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about its users to any third party without first receiving that user’s permission.
Information on this site may be used for educational purposes only and only with the written consent of the National Association of Students Against Violence Everywhere. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or user agreement for the website, contact the National Association of SAVE. If you do not agree with this privacy policy and user agreement, you may not use this site. National Association of SAVE reserves the right to change the agreement at any time with notice. It is your responsibility to check back periodically to view the changes in the plan.
This site provides general information about anti-violence programs and education. Nothing in this site is intended, or should be viewed, as legal, medical, or other professional advice. While SAVE makes reasonable efforts to keep the information on this site accurate and up to date, all information is provided AS IS without any guaranty of any kind. All information on this site is subject to the Limitations of Liability and EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES set forth in our Terms and Conditions of Use. Please review those Terms and Conditions for further details.
The use of “cookies”
Cookies are pieces of computer code that web sites can transfer to a visitor’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. At this time, our site does not use cookies.
How we use Information:
We gather Information to respond to special requests, such as requests for materials we offer. We may also use Information to provide you with materials about our program in the form of newsletters, flyers, and mailings. At any time, you may request to be added or removed from our mailing list by contacting us at National SAVE, PO Box 508, Garner, NC 27529.
How does SAVE protect security and confidentiality?
In order to protect your personal information, we use technologies and processes such as encryption, access control procedures, network firewalls, physical security, and other measures. These measures increase the security and privacy of information traveling to, from, and within nationalsave.org. Only our authorized employees or agents carrying out permitted business functions are allowed to access personal information. Employees who violate our privacy access policies may be subject to disciplinary actions, including termination when appropriate.
In order to receive some services, we may require your SAVE chapter to use a password to protect your membership account from unauthorized access by others. If you do allow others, including family or household members, to access SAVE members-only services through your personal password or to use your membership account number, please understand that you are responsible for the actions of those individuals.
This privacy policy describes the types of information we currently collect, and the ways we use and protect that information. If you are uncomfortable with our policies and practices, please do not provide any personal information to us through nationalsave.org. From time to time, we may collect different types of information and use that information in different ways – for example, when we add features or services to nationalsave.org. In these cases, we may edit this policy to explain the new practices. Because protecting members’ privacy is very important to us, we do not expect major changes in policy. However, if we do make significant changes in our practices, we will include announcements on the nationalsave.org home page so that you will know to review the revised policy.
Children:
We realize that children may use our website and we follow the guidelines and regulations of the Better Business Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Rule (COPPA) regarding such use. We advise parents to monitor all of their children’s Internet usage. This site will not give child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or distribute Information without prior parental consent. We will not collect any information from children under age 13 without parental consent.
Site Links:
We will not knowingly provide links to web sites that are unsuitable for children. To the best of our knowledge, any links we have from our website directly pertain to SAVE and our philosophies. For example, we might have links from our site to local newspaper stories related to school violence. Once you leave our site, the information-gathering policies of other site owners apply and we have no responsibility for what may occur outside our site. It is up to you to investigate the policy of any other site(s) you visit or otherwise, to decide which sites you wish to visit, and to decide what information, if any, you wish to provide those sites.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about the operation of this site. Your experience and privacy are very important to us and we respect your rights.
Share
Recent Posts
Start With Hello Week – September 21-25, 2020
Posted Aug 12, 2020 By Carleen
National Youth Violence Prevention Week – March 31-April 3
Posted Apr 01, 2020 By Carleen
April Theme: Youth Empowerment
Posted Mar 24, 2020 By Carleen
About SAVE (Students Against Violence Everywhere) Promise Clubs are a place for young people across the country to show their leadership, creativity and passion for protecting their friends, schools and communities from violence BEFORE it happens.
SAVE Promise Clubs are established and led by students, and are a powerful approach to preventing gun violence (and other forms of violence and victimization) because they recognize the unique role that young people play in making their schools and communities safer.
Club ToolsClub Registration
Conflict Management
Crime Prevention
Search
I AM...
© Sandy Hook Promise 2019
Terms & Conditions/
Privacy Policy/
Site Development: Heather McMillen/