https://navs-online.org/privacy-policy/
Home | Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the navs-online.org and North American Vegetarian Society and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to North American Vegetarian Society include navs-online.org, NAVS, summerfest.navs-online.org and worldvegetarianday.navs-online.org. The NAVS website is a news, information, ecommerce site. By using the NAVS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationNAVS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase NAVS’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. NAVS may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by NAVS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the NAVS website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through NAVS’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.NAVS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from NAVS so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. NAVS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the NAVS website.Use of your Personal Information NAVS collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.NAVS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from NAVS and its affiliates. NAVS may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.NAVS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.NAVS may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to NAVS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.NAVS may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within NAVS, in order to determine what NAVS services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within NAVS to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.NAVS will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NAVS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NAVS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of NAVS, or the public.Security of your Personal InformationNAVS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Children Under ThirteenNAVS collects personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. NAVS collects this information for the following reason(s): To register them for our Summerfest conference..If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you are a parent and you have questions regarding our data collection practices, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this Statement of Privacy.Opt-Out & UnsubscribeWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from NAVS by contacting us here:Web page: https://navs-online.org/contact-us/Email: navs@telenet.netPhone: (518) 568-7970Changes to this StatementNAVS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. NAVS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how NAVS is protecting your information.Contact InformationNAVS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that NAVS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact NAVS at:North American Vegetarian Society PO Box 72 Dolgeville, New York 13329Telephone number: (518) 568.7970Effective as of September 22, 2016 Vegan Summerfest - Education, Food and Fun! Learn More MembershipBenefits:  Member  Only Video Gallery,  Recipe Card Set and Discounts Join Now
here?