https://nclegal.com.au/privacy-statement/
Home
Jobs
Talent
Why NC Legal?
Blog
Refer A Friend
Employers
Why NC Legal?
Our Expertise
Our Services
About
Company Profile
Quality and Results
Our Team
Our Clients
Blog
Contact
Login
Find a Job >
Select an Expertise
Select a location
Privacy Policy
Naiman Clarke Privacy Statement
Your Personal Information
Due to the nature of our business it is often necessary for us to collect and store your personal information. Your privacy is important to us and we will do whatever is reasonably necessary to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, up to date and accurate, and is used only for the purpose you agree to. This statement outlines Naiman Clarke’s policy on how we collect and manage personal information we hold about our candidates and others such as visitors to our website.
Personal information collected by Naiman Clarke, including through this website, is handled in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 (NSW) (“the Act”). This Privacy Statement describes the ways in which Naiman Clarke deals with personal information and other data collected.
Personal information is any information or opinion about you. It may range from the very sensitive (e.g. medical history) to the more common (e.g. address and phone number). It includes the opinion of others about your work performance, work experience and qualifications, aptitude or psychometric test results, and other information obtained by us in connection with your possible work placements.
Personal information includes sensitive information. Sensitive information is a special category of personal information under the Act. It is information or opinion about you including your racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, criminal/disciplinary history, health or disability status. Sensitive information can, in most cases, only be disclosed with your consent.
The Collection of Personal and Sensitive Information
Personal and sensitive information may be collected from you when:
You provide it to us directly;
We receive any reference about you;
We receive any results of inquiries that we might make of your former employers;
We receive any performance feedback from a current or previous employer;
You visit our website.
Automatic collection of personal information
In general, we gather information about all our website users collectively. This includes information such as what areas of our website users visit most frequently, and what services they access the most. We generally use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. We may collect personal information and other data from you through the use of a cookies or other automated means. The information collected through cookies and other means may include, your server address, your domain name, your IP address, the date and time of your visit, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited, and the type of browser you used. You can disable cookies through your web browser settings.
Purpose of collection
Your personal and sensitive information will be collected by Naiman Clarke for its own use, primarily in connection with the provision of recruitment services. We may also use it to inform you of relevant events, jobs opportunities, market updates and other material we feel may be useful to you, and to improve the quality of our services.
Disclosure of Personal and Sensitive Information
Your personal and sensitive information may be disclosed to:
Employees, agents and clients of Naiman Clarke;
Trusted third parties; and
Referees;
for the purposes for which it is primarily held, or for a related secondary purpose. In some cases we may only disclose information with your consent.
Access to Your Information
Subject to certain exceptions which are set out in the National Privacy Principals, you have a right to see and have a copy of personal and sensitive information about you that we hold. If you are able to establish that personal or sensitive information that we hold about you is not accurate, complete and current, we will take reasonable steps to correct it. If we are unable to agree that personal or sensitive information that we hold about you is accurate, complete and current, you may ask us to place with the information a statement that claims particular information is not accurate, complete and current.
If you wish to exercise your rights of access and correction you should contact our Privacy Officer. In some cases we may impose a charge for providing access to your personal or sensitive information to cover the reasonable costs of complying with your request, however we will not charge you simply because you lodge a request for access.
If we change any part of our privacy policy, we will update our website so that you will know what information we gather, how we use that information, and if we will disclose it to anyone. If you have any questions or feedback about our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer.
TalentWhy NC Legal
Blog
Refer A Friend
EmployersWhy NC Legal?
Our Expertise
Our Services
AboutCompany Profile
Contact
Quality and Results
Our Team
Our Clients
Naiman Clarke Privacy Statement
Social Media
© 2017 Naiman Clarke
Site by
Splash
HomeJobsTalent
Why NC Legal? Blog Refer A Friend
Employers
Why NC Legal? Our Expertise Our Services
About
Company Profile Quality and Results Our Team Our Clients
BlogContactLogin