https://ncsfreedom.org/who-we-are/privacy/
Skip to content
Home Who we are
Privacy
NCSF is strongly committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy.
NCSF will never sell, lend, lease, give away, or in any other way dissiminate information you may submit to us to any third party, person or organization.
NCSF may require your name, address, email address, or other personal and identifiable information from you in order to process requests, process membership applications and donations, sell merchandise, or provide other services. This information will be considered strictly confidential, and will not be disseminated to any third party, person or organization.
Our Mission
The NCSF is committed to creating a political, legal and social environment in the US that advances equal rights for consenting adults who engage in alternative sexual and relationship expressions.
The NCSF aims to advance the rights of, and advocate for consenting adults in the BDSM-Leather-Fetish, Swing, and Polyamory Communities.
We pursue our vision through direct services, education, advocacy, and outreach, in conjunction with our partners, to directly benefit these communities.
KEY NCSF PROGRAMS
Consent Counts
Kink Aware Professionals
Media Outreach
Educational Outreach
DSM Revisions
Incident Reporting and Response
Metamour Day
I am NCSF
Sign up for the NCSF Newsletter
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toAnnounce Yes, I would like to receive email from the NCSF (You can unsubscribe anytime). Please visit https://www.endurance.com/privacy/privacy to see the Constant Contact Privacy Policy.Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Business Name, 822 Guilford Ave #127, Baltimore, MD, 21202, http://www.ncsfreedom.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Learn More about the NCSF
NCSF History
NCSF Bylaws
NCSF Board and Staff
Annual Meeting reports
What's Happening at the NCSF
Event Calendar
Coalition Partners
Supporting Members
Privacy
Contact Us
Sign up for the NCSF Newsletter
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toAnnounce Yes, I would like to receive email from the NCSF (You can unsubscribe anytime). Please visit https://www.endurance.com/privacy/privacy to see the Constant Contact Privacy Policy.Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Business Name, 822 Guilford Ave #127, Baltimore, MD, 21202, http://www.ncsfreedom.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact