https://ndic.gov.ng/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About UsWho We Are What We Do
Who We Cover Claims Need Help? Contact Us
Privacy Policy
You are here:HomePrivacy Policy
The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) is an independent agency of the Federal Government of Nigeria that is committed to ensuring the protection of your personal data. We only use your personal data for the purpose of providing services pursuant to our mandate under the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation Act, 2006. Our privacy policy is aimed at ensuring that your personal data is secure as required under the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation of 2019 (NDPR).
Your Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. It applies to the NDIC website, database platforms, services and tools. We will oblige you within the limitations of the law where you choose to exercise any of your rights over your Personal Information. For more information on exercising your rights over your Personal Information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer on dpo@ndic.gov.ng.
Consent
By accessing our platforms, or using our services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on our website, digital platforms or visiting any of our offices for official or non-official purposes, you accept to be bound by this Privacy Policy. This Policy governs the provision of our services to licensed deposit-taking financial institutions, depositors, other stakeholders and the general public under the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 2006.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website, or placing such notice at conspicuous points at our office facilities.
What Personal Information Do We Process?
Personal information is information that can be used to identify a specific individual. We may collect any or all of the following personal information from you whenever you submit to us your deposit insurance claims or application for employment or requests to provide services or supply goods or products or complaint or inquiries or to enable us perform any of our statutory obligations under the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 2006:
Full name
Marital status
Nationality
DOB (Date of Birth)
Bank Verification Number (BVN)
International Passport Number
Tax Identification Number (TIN)
Home address
Contact address
Email address
Details of Previous or Current Employment
Financial Statements or Position
Details of Property or assets owned or pledged
Health Information
Details on Criminal Investigations or Prosecution
Regulatory Information
Credit Score or Information
Biometric Data
Social Media Conversations
Any other personal information collected, as may be applicable
What we do with your personal information?
Personal information collected or processed by the NDIC is used to provide efficient and secure service to our stakeholders. In the process of handling your personal information, we may use your information to:
Verify and identify depositors
Settle deposit insurance claims
Process transactions involving banks
Process employment applications
Recover debts owed to insured institutions
Investigate and prosecute banking malpractices in court
Other purpose(s), as authorised under the NDIC Act of 2006
How We Use Cookies?
Cookies are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive that enables the website to identify your computer as you view different pages. Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present contents, options or functions that are specific to you. Like most interactive websites, our website uses cookies to enable the tracking of your activity for the duration of a session.
Our website uses only encrypted session cookies which are erased either after a predefined timeout period or once the user logs out of the platform and closes the browser. Session cookies do not collect information from the user’s computer. They will typically store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify the user.
You can modify your browser settings to decline cookies because most web browsers automatically accept cookies. This, however, may prevent you from taking full advantage of the NDIC website.
How we protect your personal information?
We store and process your personal information on our computers in Nigeria. Where we need to transfer your data to another country, we will endeavour to ensure that we only do so to a country that has to the best of our knowledge adequate data protection Law. We will protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres and information access authorization controls.
How We Disclose Your Personal information?
Personal data will be shared with or disclosed to other government Ministries, Departments, Agencies or other organs of government when required by law or regulation or by lawful order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or for the purpose of performing a public function or providing public service.
The sharing of personal information with other government agencies is subject to the adoption of adequate safeguards for data privacy and security.
We may also share your personal information with other international organisations in compliance with National or International Laws; Crime Prevention and Risk Management Agencies and service providers.
Securing Your Data
Only authorized NDIC personnel have access to personal information. To prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, we have implemented strong controls and security safeguards at the technical and operational levels. This site uses Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) to ensure secure transmission of your personal data.
SSL applies encryption between two points such as your PC and the connecting server. Any data transmitted during the session will be encrypted before transmission and decrypted at the receiving end. This is to ensure that data cannot be read during transmission.
Furthermore, NDIC has taken measures to comply with best practice Information Security Management Systems (ISMS) such as ISO 27001 by putting in place digital and physical security measures to mitigate or eliminate the likelihood of a data privacy breach or incident.
Data Confidentiality Rights
Your information is regarded as confidential and will not be divulged to any third party except pursuant to legal and/or regulatory requirements. You have the right to request sight of, and copies of any information we keep on you, provided such request is made in compliance with the Freedom of Information Act and other relevant enactments.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to and from websites of other Government Establishments: Ministries, Departments and Agencies; and/or other Organizations. This Privacy Policy, only applies to www.ndic.gov.ng. Websites other than the NDIC website may have privacy policies that are not consistent with ours. We encourage you to likewise take time to read their site policies.
Anyone who chooses to click on links to websites not under the control of NDIC (including, but not limited to our social media accounts) should read the terms of service/use and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications visitors use to access them. NDIC uses Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube.
Personal information that you provide to NDIC via social media account(s) is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, “likes,” retweets) between you and NDIC.
Please note that NDIC is not responsible and has no control over websites outside its domain. We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked from our website or media platforms. Opinions expressed or materials appearing on third party websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us, and NDIC should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or materials. NDIC will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
11.0 Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is made pursuant to the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (2019) and other relevant Nigerian Laws, Regulations or International Conventions applicable to Nigeria. Where any Provision of this Policy is deemed inconsistent with a Law, Regulation or Convention, such provision shall be subject to the overriding Law, Regulation or Convention.
Questions, Requests & Complaints
For any questions, requests, or complaints regarding your personal information or suggestions to our privacy notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer through the following:
Address:
Data Protection Officer,Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation,447/448 Constitution Avenue,Central Business District,P.M.B. 284,Garki Abuja,Federal Capital Territory,900211, NG
Tel. No.:
09-4601200
Email:
dpo@ndic.gov.ng
Last updated: August 24, 2020.
Go to Top
Close the accessibility toolbar
Accessibility
visibility_offDisable flashestitleMark headingssettingsBackground Colorzoom_outZoom outzoom_inZoom inremove_circle_outlineDecrease fontadd_circle_outlineIncrease fontspellcheckReadable fontbrightness_highBright contrastbrightness_lowDark contrastformat_underlinedUnderline linksfont_downloadMark linksReset all optionscached