https://nebraska.gov/policies/
Skip to main content
Nebraska.gov Policies
Home
Nebraska.gov Policies
Privacy Policy
Nebraska Interactive, LLC and its affiliates (Company) are committed to safeguarding the information collected through the Company’s online services and websites (Sites). This privacy policy is intended to disclose to you our privacy practices in a manner that is easy to understand. If there is something you do not understand about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact Nebraska Interactive, LLC's General Counsel at legal@egov.com.
This privacy policy does not apply to products or services provided, or information obtained, other than through the Sites. We may change this policy from time to time so please check back often. Please keep in mind that some of the services mentioned specifically in this policy may not be available at this time, or on all of the Sites.
What Information Do We Collect From You?
Some of the information we collect is personal to you. Other information is anonymous.
During registration or when you initiate a transaction, if applicable, we may ask for your name, email address, mailing and billing addresses, phone number, bank account information and credit card information. We collect this information to use in our provision of services to you. In addition to the information that you provide to us, we collect your IP address, transaction history information and other related information.
When you report a problem with our Sites or services we will collect contact information along with a description of your problem.
When you contact us via the Company email address, we will collect your contact information and any information you include in your email.
When you order a product or service or pay a bill online through the Sites we ask for transaction information including your mailing address, phone number, email address and payment information.
Information you post in interactive areas of our Sites such as public forums.
To customize our service for you, we and our partners may collect location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you.
When you visit and navigate our Sites, use our applications or third party sites, or open our emails, we may collect technical information about your use of our Sites including IP address, device identifiers, and viewing information.
How do we collect information from you?
Direct Collection
We collect much of the information listed above directly from you when you submit it on our Sites. This includes information such as registration information, contact information, user submissions, and public postings. If you do not want to share your information, you can choose not to participate in a particular service or activity.
Indirect Collection – Cookies and Other Technology>
We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. We may use these technologies to:
- Provide you with personalized content based on your use of our Site.
- Enable you to more easily use our Sites by remembering and using contact information, purchasing information, and registration information.
- Evaluate, monitor and analyze the use of our Sites and its traffic patterns to help improve our Sites and services.
- Assist us with ad reporting functions such as to learn which ads are bringing users to our Sites.
The types of technologies we use include:
- Cookies- A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies enable us to identify your browser as a unique user. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you to us. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Site of its manufacturer. You may lose some features or functionality when you disable cookies.
- Web Beacons- We may also employ a software technology known as a pixel tag or Web beacon. These help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us what content is effective. You may not disable Web beacons.
- Log Files- Like most standard websites servers, we use log files. Log files track Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We utilize this information to analyze trends, administer the Sites, prevent fraud, track website navigation in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Indirect Collection – Social Networking
The Sites may permit you to use third party social networking platforms such as Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, and Google+. This may include the use of social media plugins such as Facebook “Like”, Tweet, Pinterest “Pin,” Google “+1” buttons, etc.When you use these social networking platforms and plugins, your username and password for the available information about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us. When you use social networking platforms and plugins,you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies disclosure of such information. In addition, they may be able to collect information about you, including your activity or may notify your connections on the social networkingplatform about your use of the Company's Sites. Such services may allow your activity to be monitored across multiple Sites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising. Please note that the privacy policies of the social network platformproviders will apply in those situations and we encourage you to read them. We may add new social networking plugins and buttons to our Sites from time to time.
Indirect Collection – Third-Party Advertising Services
We may employ over time various different advertising or remarketing services that serve you targeted advertisements to make your online experience more focused to your interests. These services collect data through the DoubleClick cookie and through our implementation of Google Analytics and AdWords. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
We will not run interest-based advertising campaigns that collect personally identifiable information (PII) including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers and credit card numbers. We will not use or associate personally identifiable information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds or other anonymous identifiers. We will not use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any personally identifiable information collected from the ad or its landing page(s).
How do we use your information?
Our main goal in collecting information is to improve the Sites and provide you with the best possible experience on the Sites.
We may also use your personal information to:
- Enable you to participate in online transactions
- Make our products, services, and Sites better
- Compile, analyze and do research on our users demographics and behavior
- Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
- We use location data only to provide and improve our service.
Who is collecting information?
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, only the Company and our affiliates and service providers will have access to your personal account information. When you are on our Sites and are asked for personal information, you are sharing thatinformation with the Company and our affiliates and service providers. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies to the Sites only. Our Sites includes links to other websites. If you submit personally identifying information to any of those sites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
With Whom does the Company share my information?
We will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. These are some of the ways that your information may be disclosed:
Government Partners
We make available your personally identifiable information and other information collected through the Site to the government partner with which we have contracted to provide payment processing services on the Site; provided, however, the information made available is limited to the extent the information arises out of or is related to such services provided pursuant to that particular government partner’s contract with the Company.
Service Providers
We may provide your personally identifying information to companies that provide services to us (such as web hosting providers, call center service providers, sweepstakes vendors, payment processors, data enhancement, or fraud prevention providers) or that help us market and provide our products and services. These third parties are authorized to use your personally identifying information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Data in the Aggregate
We may disclose “blinded” aggregated data and user statistics to prospective partners and other third parties. Blinded data is data that does not identify an individual person.
Other
We also may disclose your information in special cases. For example, we may disclose such information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, or when we believe that we must disclose information to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use, or may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other websites users or customers and their information, or anyone else who may be harmed by such activities. The Company and our service providers may disclose, access or monitor your personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services and our information security.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell businesses or assets. In such transactions, confidential customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of a transaction involving the sale of some or all of Company’s businesses, customer and website visitor information may be one of the transferred assets and may be disclosed in connection with negotiations relating to a proposed transaction. In such case, the transferredinformation may become subject to a different privacy policy.
We may also share your information at your direction or request, or with your express permission.
How can I control my personal information?
To review and update your personally identifying information to ensure it is accurate, you may contact us at support@nebraska.gov with any questions. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to anyof your personally identifying information we maintain within 30 days of your access request. We provide this access so you can review it, make corrections or request deletion of your data. If we cannot honor your request within the 30-day period, we will tell you when we will provide access. In the unlikely event that we cannot provide you access to this information, we will explain why we cannot do so.
California Residents
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketingpurposes during the preceding calendar year, if any. To request a notice, please submit your request to legal@egov.com or Nebraska Interactive, LLC, Attention: General Counsel, 25501 West Valley Parkway, Suite 300, Olathe, KS 66061. Please allow 30 days for a response.
How do We Respond to Do Not Track Signals?
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers to signal their preference regarding potential "tracking" by third party websites. While the United States Federal Trade Commission has endorsed DNT, our Sites do not currently support DNT codes. However, except as otherwise disclosed herein, our Sites limit tracking to the internal uses described above. Our Sites do not track your use across multiple websites, however, other websites to which we link may. Please review their privacy policies to understand how you may be tracked.
What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information?
Providing security for the personally identifying information you submit via our Sites is a priority for us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmitsensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
Children’s Personal Information
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us at legal@egov.com.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information online, that information is accessible to other customers and users. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
When you or we end your customer relationship with us, we will treat the information we have about you as if you were still our customer.
Disclosure and Updates
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. Please visit this page regularly to become apprised of any changes. In general, the Company only uses your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when the Company received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.
For revisions to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on the Company’s use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided, the Company will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 2, 2015.
Who do users contact with questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy?
If you need further assistance, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to legal@egov.com, or write us at:
Nebraska Interactive, LLC
25501 West Valley Parkway, Suite 300
Olathe, KS 66061
Attention: General Counsel
Accessibility Statement
Nebraska Interactive, LLC and its affiliates (“Company”) take the responsibility for making accessible Web content and software seriously. Our Company is committed to current accessibility standards, including compliance with the State of Nebraska's Technology Access Policy as adopted by the Nebraska Information Technology Commission and those defined by Section 508 website of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act and the W3C's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. We are actively engaged in the ongoing process of testing our website for compliance with current accessibility standards.
As the Web has become widespread, people with disabilities face being locked out of many opportunities for communication, commerce, and community if websites are not accessible to them. We believe accessibility is the right of all individuals, and embrace standards set forth in the W3C's WCAG guidelines.
Please notify us should you find any deviations from these standards so we can resolve the matter. For your information, the State Technology Accessibility Standards may be viewed at:
nitc.nebraska.gov/standards/2-101.html. The Section 508 website can be viewed at: www.section508.gov/ and the W3C Web Content website can be viewed at
www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10/full-checklist.html.
Nebraska Use Policy
Use of Site Information
Nebraska.gov (“Company”) is not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this Site is at your own risk. This Site may contain certain historical information. Historical information necessarily is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this Site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the Site.
You may access, copy, download, and print the material contained on the Site for your personal and non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the material you access, copy, download or print. Any other use of content on the Site, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any material, information, software, products, or services obtained from the Site, or use of the Site for purposes competitive to the Company, is expressly prohibited. You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Site as they may be updated from time to time. The Company neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with the Company, and your use of such materials is at your own risk.
You may not use contact information provided on the Site for unauthorized purposes, including marketing. You may not use any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the Site or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from the Site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site in any way. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit or terminate your access to or use of the Site at any time without notice. Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity.
Security Statement
The State of Nebraska is committed to ensuring the integrity and security of the information and systems it maintains. The State has taken steps designed to safeguard its telecommunications and computing infrastructure to prevent unauthorized access to internal systems and confidential information. If you have any knowledge of a security breach or potential security breach, please contact us at 402-471-4636 or cio.help@nebraska.gov.
Submission of Materials
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any material you may submit via the Site, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright of any such material. You may not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through this Site any content that (i) is confidential, proprietary, false, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable; (ii) may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law; or (iii) may contain software viruses, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false email address or other identifying information, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. You may not upload commercial content onto the Site. If you do submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant the Company and its affiliates an unrestricted, nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such material throughout the world in any media. You further agree that the Company is free to use any ideas, concepts, and know-how that you or individuals acting on your behalf provide to the Company. You grant the Company the right to use the name you submit in connection with such material, if they so choose. All personal information provided via this Site will be handled in accordance with the Site's online Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any provision herein and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Company for all claims resulting from content you supply.
Site Conduct
As a condition of your use of this Site, you warrant to the Company that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is against the law or prohibited by these terms.
If you violate any of these terms, your permission to use this Site automatically ends.
You may not without our prior written permission use any computer code, data mining software, "robot," "bot," "spider," "scraper" or other automatic device, or program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual process, to monitor or copy any of the Web pages, data or content found on this Site or accessed through this Site.
You may not republish the content from this Site on another website or use in-line or other linking to display such content without our permission.
You may not introduce viruses, spyware, or other malicious code to this Site.
You represent and warrant that you use frequently updated, commercially standard virus protection software to ensure that the system you use to access our Site is virus free.
Nebraska.gov Disclaimer Information
This website contains links to sites which are not maintained by or under the control of the State of Nebraska or Nebraska.gov. Technical problems with outside links, other than a link that has been moved or changed, should be reported to the entity that maintains the site, not to the State of Nebraska or Nebraska.gov. If you feel that the content of an outside link is inappropriate or to report a link that has moved or changed, please email us at support@nebraska.gov.
Linking Policy
Nebraska.gov provides links to many websites that are not controlled, maintained, or regulated by Nebraska.gov or any organization affiliated with Nebraska.gov, and as such Nebraska.gov is not responsible for the content of those websites. Use of information obtained from those websites is voluntary, and reliance on that information should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy. References at those websites to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Nebraska.gov.
This Web portal may contain hypertext links to external websites and pages containing information created and maintained by public and private organizations other than Nebraska.gov. These hypertext links may be created by Nebraska.gov if it determines that establishing the external link will be consistent with assisting or furthering the purpose of this Web portal, which is to significantly and diligently promote public service to citizens and businesses by:
-	Expanding business and citizen access to government services and government information;
-	Offering an easy and convenient process for these groups to conduct transactions with State government online;
-	Accelerating the development and delivery of an increased volume of quality, online government services;
-	Improving the level of customer service from State government;
-	Extending electronic government services to citizens of cities and county government.
In addition, hypertext links may be created by Nebraska.gov for informational purposes where the linked external website will provide useful and valuable information to visitors to this Web portal, or where the linked external website is required or authorized by law.
Nebraska.gov, at its sole discretion, will determine whether the external website meets the purpose of this Web portal or for the specified informational purposes. The inclusion of a hypertext link to an external website is not intended as an endorsement of any product or service offered or referenced on the linked website, the organizations sponsoring said website, or any views that might be expressed or referenced in the website.
Hypertext links to external websites and pages may be removed or replaced at the sole discretion of Nebraska.gov, at any time without notice.
In the event you discover problems with or have concerns regarding the format, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of a linked external website, please contact the organization responsible for the linked external website -- Nebraska.gov does not control, nor is it responsible for, any linked external websites, pages, or content.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of our Site so long as (i) the link or your linking Site does not portray the Company, our affiliates, or our products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter;
(ii) your linking website complies with all applicable law and does not otherwise violate these Terms of Use or the rights of others; and (iii) your website has, maintains and follows a privacy policy no less protective of user data than the Privacy Policy of this Site. You may not use any Company logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
We may revoke this license at any time, with or without cause, in which case you agree to immediately remove the hyperlink.
You may not link to any page other than the home page of this Site.
Any link to our Site should be a full forward link that passes the client browser to our home page without barriers.
The "back" button should return the visitor to original site if the visitor wishes to back out.
Google Translation Policy
The Nebraska.gov website has been translated for your convenience using translation software powered by Google Translate. Reasonable efforts have been made to provide an accurate translation, however, no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. Translations are provided as a service to users of the Nebraska.gov website, and are provided "as is." No warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, or correctness of any translations made from English into any other language. Some content (such as images, videos, Flash, etc.) may not be accurately translated due to the limitations of the translation software.
The official text is the English version of the website. Any discrepancies or differences created in the translation are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes. If any questions arise related to the accuracy of the information contained in the translated website, please refer to the English version of the website which is the official version.
DMCA Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If you believe that any material contained on the Nebraska.gov site infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you may notify Nebraska Interactive, LLC of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. Nebraska Interactive, LLC will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives, and may take action as authorized by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and/or other applicable intellectual property laws if it has the ability to do so. The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this Site's Designated Agent:
By mail:
Nebraska Interactive, LLC DMCA Agent
c/o Stinson Leonard Street
Stinson IP Administrator
1201 Walnut, Suite 2900, Kansas City, MO 64106
By phone:
816-842-8600
By fax:
816-691-3495
By email:
DMCA@stinsonleonard.com
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3)):
-	Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
-	Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
-	Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and that is sought to be removed or access to which is sought to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the location of the material;
-	Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
-	A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
-	A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
E-mails sent to DMCA@stinsonleonard.com for purposes other than communication about copyright claims may not be acknowledged or responded to.
Refund Policy
Refunds may be made up to the exact dollar amount of the statutory fee, due to the State. Refunds must be issued to the same credit card used to process the original transaction. Cash refunds are prohibited. Online fees are non-refundable. The agency will comply with PCI security standards related to chargebacks.