https://needhim.org/wordpress/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentDonor Privacy
Need Him Global treats all personal information of our donors as strictly confidential. Personal information provided or to be gathered by the ministry is used for the sole purpose of strengthening the relationships between donors and the organization. The information is used solely for communication with donors, processing donations, and maintaining updated records in our secure and private database.
We do not sell, share, trade or publish any personal information from donors or visitors to the ministry. This means we keep your home address, work address, email and all your information private within the organization. This policy applies to all gifts, whether received online or elsewhere.
Privacy for All Other Information
This portion of the privacy policy applies to all information collected through contacting the ministry for conversation or questions. This includes phone calls, online chats, emails and text messages. Need Him Global treats all personal information collected in those cases as strictly confidential.
We do not sell, share, trade or publish any personal information from visitors to the ministry. This means we keep your home address, work address, phone number, email and IP address private within the organization.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, donor relations to process donations) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 214-647-1717 or via email at info@needhim.org.