https://networklobby.org/privacy/
NETWORK LOBBY FOR CATHOLIC SOCIAL JUSTICE
NETWORK Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 15, 2018
NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice (“NETWORK,” “we” or “us”) values transparency and privacy. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain through our website, www.networklobby.org, or our sister-organization’s website www.networkadvocates.org, as well as the services available via our websites (collectively, the “Sites”). The policy will also describe what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data, the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. By accessing or using our Sites, you agree that we will collect and handle personal information as described in this Policy. Your use of our Sites, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service, available at www.networklobby.org/terms including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The NETWORK Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
Scope of this Policy
Please understand that whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Information online this information cannot be made one-hundred percent secure and, in some cases, that information can be intercepted, collected and used by others. However, we work hard to protect your information at all times, and protect your information in several ways. Your information is stored on a secure server that NETWORK and its authorized personnel can only access through a password. Additionally, we encrypt your sensitive information to prevent third parties without authorization from intercepting your information when it is in transit to us.
What Information Do We Collect?
We may collect information directly from customers and visitors to our Sites.
Information We Collect Directly From You. Certain features of our Sites request information from you like your email address, first and last name, organization, phone number and other contact information. We may also collect information you submit to us on our Sites, such as through “Contact Us” pages, or that you post to our Sites (e.g., comments).
Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect the following information about your use of the Sites through cookies, web beacons, log files, and other technologies: domain name; browser type and operating system; pages viewed, links clicked and other activities on the Sites; IP address; the length of time using our Sites; access time; device ID or other identifier; location and language information. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected, including, where applicable personal information Please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” section below for more information.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect, including personal information, for the following purposes:
To provide our Sites and services, to communicate with customers and visitors, to respond to requests and inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we send or display, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize experiences using the Sites.
For advocacy purposes. For example, we may send you news and newsletters, special alerts, or otherwise contact you about information we think may interest you.
To better understand how users access and use our Sites and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Sites and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
How We Share Your Information
It is NETWORK’s policy not to disclose, sell or rent your Personal Information to any individual, business, government entity or outside parties except: (i) to provide products or services you’ve requested through us; (ii) in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (iii) when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (v) where you request NETWORK to do so.
From time to time, NETWORK may use return email addresses to answer the email we receive from you. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose. Your Personal Information will not be collected for use that is in violation of the law, or unrelated to what is discussed in this Policy, unless you are also provided an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Your information is not used at any time or in any way to make automated decisions.
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Our Use of Cookies. NETWORK uses cookies to remember certain user information. Cookies are electronic identifiers that are transferred automatically to your computer through your browser that allow our computers to save certain information you provide us and store information about you so we can recognize you when you visit our website in the future. You may, at any time, disable or refuse to accept cookies by changing the preferences or settings on your web browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to use our website. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available.
Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications on the Sites, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Sites. We use these tools to help us improve our Sites and services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.
User Generated Content
On certain pages, we invite you to post content on our Sites, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Sites. If you post content to our Sites, all of the information that you post will be available to all visitors to our Sites. If you post your own content on our Sites, your posting may become public and the Organization cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
Third-Party Sites
Our Sites may contain links to, or appear on third-party websites. Any access to and use of such third party websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
Security of Personal Information
We have implemented precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your information, password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Mandatory Data for Advocacy Tools/Options to Not Provide Information
To utilize the advocacy tools on our website, you will be required to provide name, mailing address, and email address. If you choose not to, you will not be able to use these tools as that information is required by federal officials. You can alternatively go directly to Congressional websites and not use our tools.
Data Controller/Access to Personal Information
NETWORK Lobby serves as the Data Controller for this site. You can contact us to learn about or modify your information in any of the following ways by emailing us at info@networklobby.org:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain in our systems. To completely remove yourself and all historical data, please contact us at info@networklobby.org.
Children Under 13
Our Sites are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Sites or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at info@networklobby.org.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy, at www.networklobby.org/privacy. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected, we will endeavor to provide notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Sites, or by emailing Users or notifying them in another manner.
STAY CONNECTED
Last NameEmail*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.