http://newearth.org/terms-of-service/
Last modified: 2015-10-11T00:39:15+00:00
Retrieved
: 2020-12-11T09:50:08+00:00
Your address :
[72.182.10.230]
This site
: newearth.org [192.81.128.226]
Terms of Service
By sending data to this site, or retrieving data from
this site, you are agreeing to the following terms of service:
This INFORMATION SYSTEM is provided as is and with all faults. THE
PROVIDER makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the safety,
suitability, or accuracy of any component of this INFORMATION SYSTEM. You assume
all responsibility and liability for your use of this site and for any consequence
whatever that may result from such use. You release and hold harmless the owners,
operators, users and authors of this site for any harm that you suffer, as a
result of your actions, or as a result of anyone's self-defense against your
actions, even if your actions are undertaken under color of legal authority.
Permission is denied to view, use, or possess any data
from this site, through any non-customary or extralegal means, generally
referred to as "hacking", or by use of authentication tokens belonging to
another party, or by coercion or fraud of any kind.
End of
“Terms of Service”.
Privacy Policy
By sending data to this site, or retrieving data from
this site, you are agreeing to the following privacy policy:
Since this INFORMATION SYSTEM is physically located in the United
States of America, you acknowledge that you have no reasonable expectation of
privacy at any location within the territory, or under the control of the United
States of America, and that no party can truthfully guarantee your privacy or
confidentiality under present circumstances.
The owners, operators, and authors of this INFORMATION SYSTEM will
not intentionally give away or sell your personally identifying information
without your consent, will deploy reasonable and customary security measures, and
will observe conventional courtesy and respect for confidentiality. You release us
from any liability, and hold us harmless, if any such information is released due
to state coercion, unlawful intrusion, fraud, or accident.
End of “Privacy Policy”.
Copyright and Licensing
By sending data to this site, or retrieving data from this site,
you are agreeing to licensing terms, as follows:
Any document or data on this site that are viewed through
customary and legal means are licensed according to the terms explicitly stated in
the document or data as sent by this information service.
All rights are reserved, and no rights granted, in documents or
data on this site that do not include a statement of rights, including but not
limited to copyright, authorship, or licensing terms. If such terms are lacking,
all rights are reserved to the original author of the document or data, whether or
not the identity of the author has been disclosed. If the original author is
unknown, all rights are reserved to the creator of the web page, other document,
or information system that contains the document or data, whether or not the
identity of the creator has been disclosed.
End of “Copyright and Licensing”.
The Management