https://newlife.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy Policy Privacy PolicyNew Life2019-07-12T09:55:28-07:00New Life Ministries Privacy PolicyNew Life Ministries (NLM) has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect information and how we will protect your privacy within our website.In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use (found on the About Us page).  NLM reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such changes on our Site.  Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.This policy governs all pages hosted by NLM.  However, it does not apply to pages hosted by our partners, such as http://oneplace.com or http://tv.newlife.com.  When you are on any of the NLM websites and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with NLM alone unless stated otherwise.General Website Information Collected NLM collects the following information regarding website visitors: IP addresses; pages accessed; time spent reviewing pages; devices used to access the website; site searches; location and traffic sources.No Sharing of Personally Identifying Information (PII) Personally Identifying Information (PII) is only collected when necessary to complete a request you are making of NLM.  Typically, this means collecting credit card data, name, email, and address to process a donation or when making a purchase.  All such PII is kept in a secure database, with the latest security protocols and industry-standard data security practices.NLM will not sell, share, give, trade, rent, or lease your PII to other organizations.  We assure you that the identity of all who contact us will be kept confidential.  Use of PII will be limited to the internal purposes of NLM and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of NLM.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymous usage data, referring site pages and URLs, platform types, click streams, activity data/time, etc. with third parties to help understand usage patterns and other site statistics to improve website functionality and services offered.Information Security NLM is committed to ensuring the security of your sensitive information.  To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  We use a variety of the different Internet security methods when collecting or transferring sensitive data.Credit card numbers are encrypted and used only for donation or payment processing, and are not stored in our database. We use any comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communications.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.  While we strive to protect your personal information, NLM cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.  Once we receive your information, we use our best efforts and current security protocols to ensure it is secure within our systems.How Information is Used NLM uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service.  Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, update you on ministry happenings, and to personalize our website for you.  We promise never to sell, share, give, trade, rent, or lease your email address or any other PII which you have entrusted to us.If you have subscribed to NLM emails (e.g. Our Daily Devotional) or e-newsletters, we will send you regular communications as specified in the relevant area of the website.  You are able to unsubscribe from any of these, or stop receiving other NLM publications, at any time by emailing your preferences to customerservice@newlife.com or by calling NLM at 800-NEW-LIFE.Changing and Removing Information The accuracy of your individual identifying information is important to NLM.  We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that NLM maintains about you through the NLM websites.  If you need to update any of your personal information, you can change it online, or by calling 800-NEW-LIFE, or sending an email to customerservice@newlife.com.We will review all removal requests on a case by case basis.  But, in some cases, we may need to retain your PII to comply fully with requests such as:The fulfillment of our contractual obligations to you (for example, to process your donation, issue receipts, and otherwise support your relationship with NLM);If we are obliged to process PII about you due to a legal obligation as directed by the courts or other law enforcement agencies, or statutory retention periods;To establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim.Third Party Services NLM utilizes third party services to manage various E-Commerce and communication services.  NLM only contracts with reputable companies whose privacy policies and standards are in keeping with our own.  All user information is confidential and used for NLM purposes only.  Donor information and subscriber lists are managed by NLM personnel.Children’s Privacy NLM does not specifically collect information about persons under the age of thirteen (13).  However, we are concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet.  Therefore, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.  In the event we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical.Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us at https://store.newlife.com/contactus.aspx or by calling us at 800-NEW-LIFE.Last reviewed July 2019