http://news.cnet.com/news/safeguard-your-browsing-privacy-with-nordvpn-for-27-per-year/
Disney Plus reveals
Marvel's WandaVision trailer
The Game Awards 2020
SpaceX Starship explodes
Cyberpunk 2077
AirPods Max
Next stimulus check
CNET editors pick the products and services we write about. When you buy through our links, we may get a commission.
Safeguard your browsing privacy with NordVPN for $27 per year
NordVPN is a CNET favorite for its security, speed and price -- and now you can save 40% on a two-year subscription.
Dave Johnson
Sept. 27, 2020 8:51 a.m. PT
Listen
- 02:32
NordVPN
I recommend using a VPN the way your dentist admonishes you to start flossing more frequently. It's important, especially if you frequently connect to public Wi-Fi networks or want to protect your privacy while surfing from home. And like flossing, it might seem complicated and troublesome, but it's really easy to do. You have a lot of VPN choices, but one that keeps bubbling to the top is NordVPN, which features prominently in CNET's best VPN service of 2020 roundup. Right now, you can get two years of NordVPN for $53.40 when you use promo code VIPSALE40 at checkout. That's 40% off the regular price of $89 for a two-year subscription. See it at ZDNet AcademyNordVPN has over 5,300 servers in 59 countries, a strict zero-log policy and a jurisdiction in Panama -- it's a formidably secure service, and even lets you VPN into Tor for additional security. Even so, CNET found the service is impressively fast.
The best tech deals
Subscribe to CNET's Cheapskate newsletter and save on everything from phones to gadgets and more.
In her recent review of NordVPN, CNET's Rae Hodge remarked that "you aren't going to get a VPN anywhere else that can do more than NordVPN does," and in fact, "you'd be hard-pressed to find another VPN that can do what NordVPN does at all." Read the entire CNET review of NordVPN for all the details. It's worth noting that NordVPN suffered a breach back in 2018 -- one of its rented servers was accessed without authorization -- but the company has since conducted multiple audits, established a bug bounty program and made heavier investments in security. As a result of all those actions, CNET recommends NordVPN. And right now, the price is right.
Now playing:
Watch this:
Top 5 reasons to use a VPN
2:42
CNET's Cheapskate scours the web for great deals on tech products and much more. For the latest deals and updates, follow the Cheapskate on Facebook and Twitter. Questions about the Cheapskate blog? Find the answers on our FAQ page, and find more great buys on the CNET Deals page.
Close
Discuss: Safeguard your browsing privacy with NordVPN for $27 per year
Sign in to comment
Be respectful, keep it civil and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.