http://newthoughtlibrary.com/terms.htm
NewThoughtLibrary.com
presents New Thought Works from the beginning through tommorrow
along with mp3's, eBooks and more...
New Thought Archives
New Thought Authors
More New Thought Resources:
You may notice the Library is undergoing extensive upgrades since it was hacked in May 2015
Books can increasingly be read on your phone, and there are more audio downloads so you can listen to the books as well
Terms and conditions of Use
OF
Serving New Thought Websites, including FindACenter.com & all associated Universal Directory URL's
1
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
1.1
Your access to and use of one the websites published by Serving New Thought ("the Website") and any Services referred to in Clause 2, is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions, in conjunction with the (Universal) New Thought Network Terms of Service and Terms of Service. You will not use the Website/Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions.
By using the Website/Services you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice.
If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website/Services.
1.2
We reserve the right to update or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time and your continued use of the Website/Services following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.
It is therefore your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions regularly for any changes.
2
THE SERVICES
The Website may provide communication tools such as email, bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums and/or other message or communication facilities ("the Services") designed to enable you to communicate with others. Unless stated otherwise the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use only.
3
CHILD SUPERVISION
We are concerned about the safety and privacy of our users, particularly children.
Parents who wish to allow their children access to and use of the Website/Services should supervise such access and use.
By allowing your child access to the Services you are allowing your child access to all of the Services, including email, bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums and/or other message or communication facilities.
It is therefore your responsibility to determine which Services are appropriate for your child.
Always use caution when revealing personally identifiable information about yourself or your children via any of the Services.
4
PRIVACY POLICY
4.1
We are committed to responsible data management and subscribe to the principals of the data protection legislation in Europe (the 1st World). We offer these high standards to our users from the United States & Russia (the 2nd World) as well as users from all other countries including 3rd World nations.
We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our users and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you.
If you register for any of the Services you will be asked to provide basic personal information.
The information provided by you is not available for sale or use by third parties.
The information is used solely for notifying you of changes or updates to the Website/Services.
4.2
We and some of our service partners use a technology called "cookies" as part of our normal
procedures to enable certain website functions based on patterns of behaviour of visitors to the Website.
A cookie is an element of data that the Website sends to your browser that is then stored on your system.
You can set your browser to prevent this happening.
Certain Information collected in this way could be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings. We recommend that 2nd and 3rd World users who might be subject to religious persecution or "thought policing" regular purge or clear their browser's cache.
5
USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
If a particular Service requires you to open an account you will be required to complete the registration process by providing certain information and registering a username and password for use with that Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password and also for all activities which take place under your account.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
In no event will Serving New Thought, or any of its partners be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever resulting from the disclosure of your username and/or password.
You may not use another person’s account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
6
ACCEPTABLE USE
6.1
You acknowledge that all information, text, graphics, logos, photographs, images, moving images, sound, illustrations and other materials ("the Content"), whether posted publicly or transmitted privately, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated.
We do not control or endorse the Content and cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content and you acknowledge that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that is offensive and/or indecent.
Serving New Thought
will not be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use of any Content transmitted via the Services and you agree to bear all risks associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy or completeness of such Content.
6.2
In using the Website/Services you agree not to:
6.2.1
use the Services to send junk email, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other unsolicited messages, commercial or otherwise;
6.2.2
post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that is defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, threatening, abusive, harassing or unlawful;
6.2.3
post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence towards any person or group on account of their race, religion, disability, nationality or otherwise;
6.2.4
threaten, abuse, disrupt, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
6.2.5
use any information or material in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right of any party;
6.2.6
make available or upload files that contain a virus, worm, trojan or corrupt data that may damage the operation of the computer or property of another;
6.2.7
collect or store personal information about others, including email addresses;
6.2.8
advertise or offer to buy or sell goods or services for any commercial purpose, unless such communication facility specifically allows such messages;
6.2.9
impersonate any person or entity for the purpose of misleading others;
6.2.10
violate any applicable laws or regulations;
6.2.11
use the Website/Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Website/Services or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website/Services;
6.2.12
post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or confidential information disclosed in the course of employment or under a confidentiality agreement);
6.2.13
attempt to gain unauthorised access to any of the Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website/Services through hacking, password mining or any other means.
6.3
We have no obligation to monitor the Services but shall be entitled to review materials posted to a communications facility and, at our sole discretion, to remove any material that breaches these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise objectionable.
7
TERMINATION
We have the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason, including without limitation, breach of these Terms and Conditions.
We may also at any time, at our sole discretion, discontinue the Website/Services or any part thereof without prior notice and you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Website/Services.
8
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website/Services may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others.
Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that Serving New Thought
is not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
9
INTERNATIONAL USE
You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States, or any other country in which you reside (if different) and with all local laws and rules regarding acceptable use of and conduct on the Internet.
10
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
10.1
The Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website and the Services) are protected by copyright, trade marks, patents and other intellectual property rights and laws.
In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the contents solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder.
This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
10.2
Serving New Thought
does not claim ownership of any materials you post, upload or submit to any publicly accessible area of the Services. However, by doing so you are granting us a world-wide, royalty free, non-exclusive licence to copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publicly display, edit, translate or publish such Content for as long as we elect to display such Content via the Services.
This licence is universal and permanent and includes all our partners and future licensees.
11
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Serving New Thought
harmless from and against any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions and any claim or demand brought against Serving New Thought
by any third party arising out of your use of the Services and/or any Content submitted, posted or transmitted through the Services, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by Serving New Thought
in consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
12
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
12.1
Use of the Website/Services is at your own risk.
The Website/Services are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
12.2
To the extent permitted by law, Serving New Thought
will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website/Services.
12.3
Serving New Thought
makes no warranty that the Website/Services will meet your requirements, that Content will be accurate or reliable, that the functionality of the Website/Services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website/Services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive.
12.4
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of Serving New Thought
for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of Serving New Thought.
12.5
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
13
SEVERANCE
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
14
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of New Mexico, United States and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts in the county of Sandoval.
FindACenter.com
Discover a rainbow of exciting New Thought Communities around the corner and around the globe.
Find Fellowship
Divine Journal
Daily Wisdom from today's New Thought Leaders supports your Spiritual Journey with insights and affirmations.
Daily Wisdom
New Thought Talks
Interviews with New Thought Sharers around the world & explorations of current themes in New Thought
New Thought Talks
NewThought.NET/work
Manifest Your Dreams
Below Creations archived in the library you can now find the processing credits here
"Together we make a difference."
This is Ancient Wisdom.
"Diversity is strength!"
Register NOW
NewThought.NET/work = the Power of WE
Serving New Thought
New Thought News put to use
Below Creations archived in the library you can now find the processing credits here
New Thought People "walk the talk."
Demonstrate the teachings
Show the way by example.
Register NOW
NewThought.NET/work = the Power of WE
Great New Thought Resources:
A Powerful Collection of Spiritual Resources
We give you a powerful platform upon which to do God's Work learning and sharing New Thought:
DivineJournal.com, NewThoughtCommunity.com, NewThoughtTao.com and many more ...
Use DivineJournal.com to Research, read & write New Thought Texts which you can share through NewThoughtBook.info.
New Thought Resources accessible to anyone in the world with an internet connection.
Find New Thought Communities around the corner & around the world.
FindACenter.com, NewThoughtCentres.com, NewThoughtCenters.com
Celebrating New Thought Diversity in thought and form, we weather all storms, thrive and prosper!
NewThoughtDay.com,
NewThoughtWeek.com
New Thought Holidays
New Thought Day was declared by James Edgerton on August 23rd, 1915
During research while expanding the free New Thought Library,
one of the ministers came across an interesting quote from early New Thought Alliance President James A. Edgerton:
"'The truth, once announced, has the power not only to renew but to extend itself.
New Thought is universal in its ideals
and therefore should be universal in its appeal.
Under the guidance of the spirit, it should grow in good works until it embraces many lands and eventually the whole world.'
~
New Thought Day, August 23rd
, 1915."
NewThought.info
NewThoughtRadio.org
NewThought.mobi
NewThought.NET
NewThought.NET/work Serving New Thought
A growing collection of resources supported by a vast and expanding team of volunteers around the globe.
New Thought Radio
Talks by New Thought Spiritual Leaders
Uplifting Messages from New Thought Communities around the world.
Listen to New Thought Radio broadcasts from the New Thought Streams PodCast Archive,
along with a growing collection of New Thought Music directly from New Thought Artists around the world.
Listen to New Thought Radio
24/7/365
New Thought Day
August 23rd
100 years old
1st declared by
James Edgerton in 1915
"'The truth, once announced, has the power not only to renew but to extend itself.
New Thought is universal in its ideals and therefore should be universal in its appeal.
Under the guidance of the spirit, it should grow in good works until it embraces many lands and eventually the whole world.'
~ James A. Edgerton, New Thought Day, August 23rd, 1915."
New Thought Holidays
August 23rd
DivineTao.com ~ since 2003
Be as water, as you are ...
The New Thought Tao
Explore the New Thought Tao and discover deeper wisdom.
New Thought has many forms, Taoist New Thought brings insights to the table that are not so apparent in Abrahamic forms. While many Abrahamics fight to impose their views on the rest of the world. Taoist New Thought teaches the way of acceptance and understanding. Principles in the New Thought Tao
provide powerful processes which serve as keys to deeper happiness and inner peace from the inside out.
Read Divine Tao #8 "Water"
Tao #8
New Thought Conferences
Grow and thrive
Share your truth
New Thought conferences from various
New Thought denominations and organizations are happening all ove rthe world. Whether Old New Thought or New Thought Today, find conference info about
New Thought Conferences!.
New Thought Conferences
Share
New Thought Solutions
Conscious Ministry
Grow and thrive!
New Thought Solutions for
New Thought Sharers and New Thought Communities. Empowerment programs that awaken us to the co-creative "Power of We."
Grow and thrive sharing a rainbow of New Thought wisdom with the world.
New Thought Solutions
Thrive!
Books from contemporary New Thought Writers
NewThoughtBook.info
A growing collection of New Thought books
from Today's New Thought Leaders.
Many New Thought books lack the marketing necessary
to get them in front of you, with New Thought Books INFO those writers to find you and you to find those writers...
New Thought Books
Read!
Contribute to the Growth of the Library
Live your higher consciousness!
Trust in the Divine!
Do not falter in your steps to demonstrate higher consciousness.
Success comes to those who are fearless in their commitment to their faith.
Affirm Prosperity!
Contribute Today!
To Build A Powerful Platform,
begin with in.
In-tegrity entails Walking Our Talk, being an example by practicing what we teach!