https://nfda.org/privacy
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA). This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
does not read any of your private online communications.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
and National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) collects and uses your personal information to operate the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) and its affiliates. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA), and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA), in order to determine what National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA); and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA), or the public.
Use of Cookies
The National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) pages, or
register with National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) site or services, a cookie helps National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA)
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) at nfda@nfda.org.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
About NFDA
The Foundation
In The News
Contact Us
The Director
NFDA Blog
Conferences
Membership
Resources
Education
Advocacy
Podcast
NFDA Store
Career Center
Remembering a Life
For Funeral Directors
For Families
Suppliers
©2020 by National Funeral Directors Association. All Rights Reserved.
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
Back to top
This site uses cookies - you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the NFDA services or websites you visit.
Continue
To learn more about what cookies are and how to manage them visit AboutCookies.org
This site uses cookies to help deliver an engaging user experience.
Continue
To learn more about what cookies are and how to manage them visit AboutCookies.org