https://njdc.info/about-njdc/privacy-data-usage-policy/
Privacy & Data Usage Policy
The National Juvenile Defender Center (NJDC) collects several points of data from visitors to its website, from those who contact NJDC via interactive forms on its website (njdc.info), or from those who use its mobile application. This policy reflects all electronic points of interaction with NJDC. If you have specific questions, please contact NJDC at inquires@njdc.info.
NDJC
reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review
it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon
their posting on the website. If we make significant material changes to this
policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware
of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if
any, we use and/or disclose it.
Methods of Collecting Information from
Users
There
are several ways in which NJDC may collect personal data information from those
who use NJDC’s website, mobile application, or other electronic interaction fora,
as well as email (hereinafter “User” or “Users”). The modes for collecting User
Information include:
User-provided information proactively entered by
the User into one of NJDC’s online or mobile application forms, or which is
provided to NJDC via email.Personal financial data that is proactively
supplied to NJDC or one of its vendors by the User to facilitate a service or
donation.Personal identifying, non-financial electronic
data collected passively in the form of cookies.
This
privacy and data usage policy applies to all forms of data unless otherwise specified
within this policy.
Non-Sale/Share Pledge
NJDC
takes Users’ privacy very seriously. We vow not to sell or share User
information with any third-party entity unless required by law or necessary to
achieve the results requested by the User. All user data information collected
by NJDC is for the sole use of NJDC, its affiliate non-profit organizations, or
third-party vendors who make our interaction with an individual User possible,
as articulated in this policy.
Personal Identifying Non-Financial Data That Users Proactively Share
with NJDC
To
minimize the information we collect about Users and to be transparent about
that information, we do not gather information beyond that listed above. The
information Users proactively share with NJDC via one of our online or mobile
application forms (such as the “sign-up” form or “contact us” form) includes,
but is not limited to, Users’ names, email addresses, telephone numbers, or
other personal contact information, as well as details of the Service Users,
are requesting. NJDC retains this information to provide the requested service,
to maintain a record of that service for accounting and grant reporting
purposes, and to understand the scope of individuals who use our services and
analyze trends in our services. From time to time, NJDC reserves the right to
contact the User in order to fulfill the request made by the User or to provide
information NJDC deems relevant to the User. The User may always remove
permissions for such contact by following the instructions as articulated later
in this policy.
Financial Data That Users Proactively Share with NJDC
In some circumstances, Users may provide
NJDC with financial data, such as credit card numbers, expiration dates, and
CCV numbers. This information may be required to process a donation, event
registration, the purchase of a service, or other activity that requires
payment.
Privacy Donation Policy
The National Juvenile Defender Center is grateful for the donations that help us continue our valuable work. It is very important to us that donor’s personal information remain secure. When one donates to the National Juvenile Defender Center using our website, the donor’s credit card information is collected through a secure site managed by the organization, Paypal, DonorPro Merchant Account. Also, the credit card number is used only for that particular transaction and is not stored. The donor will see the “closed” lock symbol in the upper part of the browser screen when using our secure donation page. The donor will also see in his/her web site address that the domain name starts with an “https” on those donation pages. This means that information entered on those pages is encrypted for your security. This actually makes it more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store for example. If you have any questions regarding the security of your credit card donation online, please e-mail us at inquiries@njdc.info, or call us at 202-452-0010 for more information.
Retention of User-Submitted Personal Data
Any
non-financial personal identifying information proactively submitted by Users
to NJDC will be retained indefinitely unless the User requests otherwise.
For User-supplied financial data, NJDC does not retain such financial information beyond the moment necessary for processing the payment. Any time NDJC uses a third-party vendor to process a payment, that vendor may retain information about your personal financial information in accordance with their privacy and data retention policies. For information on PayPal’s or DonorPro Merchant Account retention policies, please visit their respective sites linked herein. Paypal – https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full; DonorPro Merchant Account – https://cardconnect.com/privacy-policy
Amending, Accessing, or Deleting User
Personal Data
If
any User would like to access, correct, amend, or delete any personal
information NDJC has about them; the User is invited to make that request to NJDC
via email at inquiries@njdc.info or via mail at:
National Juvenile Defender Center1350 Connecticut Ave. NW, Suite 304Washington, DC 20011
Users
should describe the information they would like to access, correct, change, or
delete. Users should expect a response from NJDC, with the information
requested or verification of changes, sought no later than seven (7) business
days after NJDC receives the request.
Cookies
This website and our mobile application use cookies to enable NJDC to track how the site is used and to make any necessary changes that will promote more seamless usability. We do this by using Google Analytics.
Google
Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (a.k.a. user)
interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies
or delete any individual cookie. Please see this link to learn more.
Google
Analytics also collects Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to provide and protect
the security of the service and to give website owners a sense of which
country, state, or city in the world their users come from (also known as
“IP geolocation”). The information collected by Google Analytics is
retained for 26 months, after which it is automatically deleted.
NJDC
itself does not use cookies to create computer-generated responses to Users
based on their behavior on the site, nor does NJDC use cookies for any advertising
purposes. As a non-profit 501(c)3 organization, NJDC does not sell advertising
space and does not collect information for any commercial advertising purposes.
If you have any questions about this policy or how your information is used and retained, please contact NJDC at inquiries@njdc.info or write to us at:
National Juvenile Defender Center1350 Connecticut Ave. NW, Suite 304Washington, DC 20011
About NJDC
NJDC Staff
Board of Directors
Employment
Contact Us
Privacy & Data Usage Policy