https://nmwa.org/privacy-policy/
Every Dollar Doubled!
Accept the Matching Gift Challenge and double your impact. Your gift will be matched dollar for dollar to help us achieve equality in the arts!
Donate Today
Close
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Hero Image Caption
At the National Museum of Women in the Arts (NMWA), the privacy and confidentiality of personally identifiable user information (your name, email address or mailing address) is important. We are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of your personally identifiable user information as provided herein. We may update this policy from time to time, so please check here frequently, and such an update will apply upon posting to this site. We reserve the right to make such changes at any time.
NMWA will not disclose personally identifiable user information to any third party without consent, except as set in this privacy statement. Aggregated data, which does not include personally identifiable user information may be used and disclosed in NMWA’s discretion.
If NMWA enters into an agreement with a third-party service provider, equipment provider, or vendor with respect to this site, its equipment, or NMWA membership, or other NMWA services, it may provide all data collected to such third party, subject to that party’s agreement to abide by these terms. Additionally, if NMWA were to merge, consolidate, or otherwise transfer substantially all of its assets to a third party, you agree NMWA may provide your personally identifiable data to such third party, so long as it agrees to abide by these terms.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
IP Address
Your IP or “Internet Protocol” address and other site usage data is used to gather broad demographic information. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
NMWA uses “cookies,” small files stored by your browser to help keep track of your user profile. The cookies do not currently record or collect personally identifiable information. Cookies profiles are used for convenience; to deliver content we believe may fulfill your needs. We also use cookies to track user trends and improve areas of our site that our users find valuable. If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of this site, you can disable them via your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of our site.
Personal Information
NMWA’s websites will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending emails, completing membership forms, registering for events or other programs, responding to surveys or ordering merchandise. If you provide us with personal information, we will normally respond to your inquiry, request or order. We may also contact you to provide information about NMWA activities, programs, membership and development opportunities, and special events that may interest you. Except as described below, we will not share your name or information outside of NMWA unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so by opting-in.
You may remove identifying information from the database by sending a request by email to webmaster@nmwa.org. We will act on such requests in a reasonable timeframe. On occasion, we may rent or exchange select member name and address information with other charitable or cultural organizations. You may request that your information not be shared by sending a request by email to webmaster@nmwa.org.
Demographic information and site usage data
We may use this data to provide content we believe is related to your interests and information on products or services we think you may be interested in.
Email communications
If you take advantage of any email notification features on our site, you may receive an email concerning our activities or products that may be of interest. When we send you such information by email, you will always have an immediate opportunity to decline further communication. Please use the contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name. If you are uncertain about whom to contact, you may contact our webmaster at webmaster@nmwa.org by typing “unsubscribe” in a response to the identifying email received.
Sensitive information
NMWA uses outside vendors to provide certain services, such as companies that process credit card transactions for NMWA. These third-party vendors will have access to the information needed to perform their functions, but may not use your information for any other purpose. Unless required for a specific service, we do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card numbers.
Contacting Us
If at any time you feel that the nmwa.org website has not adhered to this policy, email us at webmaster@nmwa.org, and we’ll do our best to determine any problem and quickly respond. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at webmaster@nmwa.org.
This privacy policy does not extend to any information that is inherent in the operation of the internet, and therefore beyond the control of NMWA, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
Limits to Your Privacy
Our site may contain links to other websites. NMWA wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, not ours. While we support the protection of privacy on the internet, we are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the company on this site.
This privacy policy does not extend to any information that is inherent in the operation of the internet, and therefore beyond the control of NMWA, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
NMWA and its affiliates may disclose your personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary or desirable to (1) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on NMWA, or its affiliates; (2) protect and defend the property or rights of NMWA, and its affiliates or the users of NMWA; (3) to investigate or prosecute any misuse of the NMWA site, or information contained on, or obtained through the site.
Your Security
NMWA takes precautions to protect your personal information. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software. Our site encrypts your credit card number prior to transmission over the internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. Only the last four digits of your credit card are stored on the museum server, for reference only.
While we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or information we transmit to you from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
Other Rights
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), effective May 25, 2018, updates existing European laws to strengthen the protection of “personal data” (any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, so-called “data subjects”). NMWA has taken steps to ensure that our data collection and retention practices are compliant with the new law.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), NMWA acknowledges that the GDPR entitles you to the right, at any time, to access personal data that the museum holds about you; to request that we stop using or disclosing your personal data; to request that we update, amend, or delete your personal data; and to withdraw any previously given consent with regard to your personal data. You may make such requests by using the contact information below.
In the unlikely event of a data breach, NMWA will comply with the requirements to notify affected persons. NMWA has also made a good faith effort to ensure that the museum works with vendors who are also compliant with the law.
If you have questions, or you are an EEA resident and would like to access your personal information, please email us at webmaster@nmwa.org.
202-783-5000
1-800-222-7270
Social Media
Facebook, opens in new tab
Twitter, opens in new tab
Instagram, opens in new tab
Youtube, opens in new tab
Museum Hours
Monday to Saturday10 am to 5 pm Sunday12 to 5 pm Closed Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Day.
Library Hours
Monday to Friday10 am to 1 pm2 to 5 pm Researchers who wish to access LRC materials on these days must make an appointment via email at lrc@nmwa.org.
Café Hours
The Mezzanine Café is currently closed.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
© Copyright 2020 National Museum of Women in the Arts
Legal And Technical Resources
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use