https://nonprofitrisk.org/privacy/
Privacy
The Nonprofit Risk Management Center respects the privacy of visitors to its website. The Center strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, the Center has implemented the following policy.
About the Information We Collect
Most of the data and information we collect through our website is used only to help the Center achieve its mission of helping nonprofit organizations strengthen risk management. It is our policy to collect and store only personal information that our clients knowingly provide.
From Casual Website Visitors and General Users. We do not collect any personal information from users browsing our website. When you use the public areas of our website you are doing so anonymously. We do collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits (visits) per page. We use aggregate data for internal and marketing purposes, but we don’t collect any personally identifying information.
From Our Affiliate Members, Consulting Clients and Other Customers. If while visiting our website you order a product, register for the Risk Summit, request Risk Help, or request other information, you will be asked to provide certain information. In all cases this information is submitted voluntarily. In most cases, the Center asks clients to provide their name, title, organization name, address, telephone, and e-mail. If you’re making a purchase, you may be asked for credit card information in order to complete your purchase. Similar information may be submitted to the Center on a catalog order form or registration form.
Customer Lists
Our client list is not for sale. When you visit our website or become an Affiliate Member or consulting client of the Center, your name and mailing information will not be sold to a commercial organization.
Credit Card Account Information
The Nonprofit Risk Management Center utilizes secure transaction methods (SSL) when collecting credit card information over the Internet. The Center does not disclose credit card account information provided by its clients.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small bits of code that are sent to your computer when you logon to a website that allows us to identify you when you return to the site. The Center uses cookies only to support the operations of our shopping cart. We do not use cookies to track your usage or any other personal information about you.
Complaint Procedure
If you suspect that we have handled your personal information in a manner that doesn’t comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing an explanation to Melanie Herman or by calling 703.777.3504.