https://norml.org/privacy-policy/
NORML FAcebook
NORML Twitter
NORML Insta
Menu Item
Search
Skip to content
Home
Election
Take Action
Learn
State Laws
Chapters
Lawyers
News
Donate
NORML’s Privacy Statement
NORML understands your concerns about your privacy, both on and off the Internet. We have provided this privacy statement so that you will know what information NORML gathers, how we use that information, and what you can do to correct it if necessary.
What information NORML gathers about you
Web Traffic Monitoring
NORML keeps track of non-personally identifiable information such as the IP address of the user’s computer, time of access, browser type and files downloaded to gather usage statistics for its web site. IP addresses are not associated with other information about a user, but only indicate general visitor navigation patterns. This is typically done by most websites.
Additionally, though NORML is primarily funded by individual donors, in order for NORML to successfully meet its organizational goals through other fund raising sources the NORML’s website has embedded tags that allow some third party entities such
Google Analytics to collect non-personally identifiable usage statistics.
NORML does not collect personal information through our website other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis.
Cookies
NORML’s web site does not use cookies, except for the case of periodic pop-up windows relating to NORML messages and legislative alerts. Third party entities with embedded tags on NORML’s web site may set cookies to track user traffic trends. You may set your browser to: (1) inform you when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored; (2) not accept cookies at all; and (3) erase all cookies from your hard drive.
Email News List
NORML allows you to sign up for a free monthly electronic newsletter. To subscribe, you must provide your name and email address. This information is used only to send you the newsletter. You will also be asked for your postal address, but do not have to provide it. If provided, this information is used by NORML to send you news and informational material. You may unsubscribe to stop receiving future mailings as described below.
This information is never provided to any other organizations.
Providing State Information
With supporters’ privacy in mind, NORML and the NORML Foundation do not share information gathered electronically with other organizations. The value in identifying your state to NORML and the NORML Foundation allows us to better organize the massive social efforts necessary to effectively reform marijuana laws. NORML and the NORML Foundation generates email to individuals who sign-up for NORML’s weekly e-zine regarding state-based marijuana news, law reform efforts, local NORML chapter formations, conferences, protests, rallies, concerts, etc…
Donations and Purchases Online
NORML allows you to contribute financial support, become a member, purchase books and other merchandise, and occasionally register for conferences online. To do so, you must provide your name, postal address, and credit card information. You are sometimes asked to optionally provide email addresses and/or telephone numbers. For your protection, NORML uses a secure server to collect this information. The credit card information is used solely to bill you for your donations and/or purchases. For purchases, postal addresses are used to send merchandise. For members, postal addresses are used to send mailings keeping you informed of marijuana law reform news. You may ask to stop receiving future mailings as described below. Telephone numbers, if provided, are used to contact the buyer in case of problems with a purchase and may in the future be used to solicit contributions.
NORML provides personally identifiable information such as name, address and credit card number when processing merchandise orders with reputable third-party vendors when that information is collected on NORML’s website. Merchandise processed by a third-party vendor is identified on order pages. NORML does not share information about donations and orders for merchandise stocked by NORML.
Change, Unsubscribe, and Delete Requests
To change your membership information, unsubscribe from an email list, or request that NORML take you off their postal mailing list and/or telephone solicitation list, you can contact us through any of the following means.
Send email to norml@norml.org
Send mail to:
NORML
1420 K Street, NW
Suite 350
Washington, DC  20005
Call 202-483-5500
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, NORML’s practices, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
Site Terms
Please read our Terms and Conditions.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Subscribe to NORML News
Action Center Resources
Support NORML
Search for:
Search
×
Home>About NORML>Privacy Statement
Contact to Listing Owner
Name *
Email *
Subject *
Message *
%d bloggers like this: