https://northernbeachesweddingsandevents.com.au/privacy-policy/
YOUR PRIVACYNorthern Beaches Weddings & Events are committed to protecting your privacy as an online visitor to our website. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. Northern Beaches Weddings & Events respects the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles. Please read our Privacy Policy below carefully.You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email. All information Northern Beaches Weddings & Events receives from its customers is protected by our secure server. Northern Beaches Weddings & Events secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorized use or access.STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way from time to time. You may provide basic contact information such as your name, phone number, and email address to enable us to register you to an event, make an enquiry to a supplier or subscribe to our enewsletter.We may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, enter a competition, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with Northern Beaches Weddings & Events customer support or queries.We may use personal information collected from you for the purpose of providing you with direct marketing material, updates regarding our website and information in the form of a newsletter. This will only apply if you have registered or subscribed to such publications by your registering your details with us. However, if you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or unsubscribing at any time and your request will be actioned as soon as possible.Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose. Details are only supplied to a third party supplier when it is required by law, for goods or services which you have purchased or to protect Northern Beaches Weddings & Events copyright, trademarks and other legal rights.We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information which you volunteer to us to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our products and services, and to mail e-newsletters (“Personal Data”).We will use all reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data while in our possession or control. We will not knowingly share any of your Personal Data with any third party other than our service providers who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy. Some of our service providers may be overseas and may not be subject to Australian Privacy Laws. Please contact us if you require specific details.Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to this website or to us by email, or which we obtain from third parties without promises of confidentiality, may be kept, used and disclosed by us on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever. Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products.COOKIESA cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behaviour. Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of a website.Our website uses cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may from time to time need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request. Also, Northern Beaches Weddings & Events may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of Northern Beaches Weddings & Events, its customers or third parties.Finally, if there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), or a sale or transfer of its assets, customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality, or could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. And finally we would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.THIRD PARTIESNorthern Beaches Weddings & Events does not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of products or services you have purchased or to protect the rights, property or safety of Northern Beaches Weddings & Events its customers or third parties or if required by law.We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.SECURITYNorthern Beaches Weddings & Events strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and periodically updates its security measures in light of current technologies.LINKSThis website may contain links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that Northern Beaches Weddings & Events is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.OUR RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)If you are a resident of the EU or UK you have certain rights and protections under the GDPR regarding the processing of your Personal Data.We collect, use and store your Personal Data to enable us to provide you with our goods or services and information about them. We rely on the following lawful means of processing your Personal Data:Where it is necessary to fulfil a contract with you. This includes where we collect your Personal Data to enable us to send you our goods or provide you with our services.Where you have given us valid consent to use your Personal Data. We will rely on that consent and only use the Personal Data for the specific purpose for which you have given consent. This includes where we email newsletters or send mobile phone notifications.We may also process your Personal Data where it is to further our legitimate interests which could include usage statistics, analytics and internal analysis so we can improve our services to you.YOUR RIGHTS AS AN EU OR UK RESIDENTIf you are a resident of the EU or UK you have various rights including the:Right to be informed;Right of access;Right to rectification;Right to object;Right to restriction of processing;Right to erasure or to be forgotten;Right to data portability; andRight not to be subject to automated processing.If you want to access your Personal Data or ask for the information to be corrected, please contact us. In some circumstances, you also have a right to object to or ask that we restrict certain processing activities or delete your Personal Data. If you would like to limit or request deletion of your Personal Data or exercise any other rights you can do so by contacting us.WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENTYou can withdraw your consent to our collection or processing of your Personal Data. You can do so by contacting us or by opting out of email newsletter communications by following the instructions in those emails or by clicking unsubscribe. If you withdraw your consent to the use of your Personal Data, you may not have access to our services and we might not be able to provide you with our services. In some circumstances, where we have a legal basis to do so, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent. For example, if it is necessary to comply with an independent legal obligation or if it is necessary to do so to protect our legitimate interest in keeping our services secure.OUR COMPLIANCEWe comply with the GDPR protection directives set out by the EU and UK regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Data from EU member countries and the UK. All Personal Data stored on our platform is treated as confidential. It is stored securely and is only accessed by authorized personnel. Our collection is limited in relation to what is necessary, for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed, and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data was collected. We implement and maintain appropriate technical, security and organisational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing or use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure. We ensure the encryption and pseudonymisation of Personal Data and we have adequate cyber security measures in place.YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENTBy providing us with your Personal Data, you consent to us disclosing it to third parties who reside outside the EU or UK. We will ensure that those third parties are GDPR compliant.CHANGE IN PRIVACY POLICYAs we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.If you have any questions or concerns at any time about our privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us call us and we will respond within 48 hours.Contact Details:Email: liz@nbwe.com.auNorthern Beaches Weddings & Events45 Beaconsfield St, Newport 2106
perm_identity
Sign in
perm_identity
Create an account
Anti-spam
Already Registered?
keyboard_arrow_up
Privacy Policy | Website Disclaimer