https://northwestpartnership.com/privacy-and-cookies
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using this website:
First party cookies
These are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
NamePurposeTypical ContentExpires
ci_session
Authentication session to preserve any sign ins and other changes you might have made during your visit to this site.
Hashed data referring to your unique visit. No personal information unless signed in.
On exit
cookie_notice
Used to supress the cookie notice once the user opts to hide it
“Yes” or “No”
31 days, updated with each visit
prefixed with
X-Mapping-
Set by our webserver to manage content delivery on cloud based servers
Information about which server is providing content to the user
On exit
Third party cookies
These are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
ProviderNamePurposeMore Info.
Google Analytics
Multiple cookies prefixed with __utm
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy policy
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, PREF
YouTube embedded video
Google Policies and Principles
Vimeo
Multiple cookies prefixed with __utm and with domain .player.vimeo.com
Vimeo embedded video
Vimeo Privacy policy
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
find out more about the North West Gospel Partnership
Training
We seek to train up God’s people in the North West for works of service
find out more
Events
We host and support events across the region to build up God’s people
find out more
Resources
We produce and share resources to help churches and individuals glorify God
browse now
Churches
Find a member church of the North West Partnership
search now
Menu:Show
Menu:Hide
About us
Who we are
Aims and Values
Doctrinal Basis
Trustees
Staff
Partnership Magazine
Church Planting
Our aims
Why Plant?
How to plant?
Training
Why We Do It
Ministry Training Course
Its Purpose
Our Courses
Ministry Training Scheme FAQ’s
Graduate Diploma
Northern Area Training Courses
Events
NWGP Events
Local Partnership Events
Ministry Opportunities
NW Youthworks
What We Do
Training Days
Sunday DIY
Sound
Sound Holidays
Youth Worker’s Lunches
Resources
People
Resources
General
Training Course
Union Course
Join In
Partner Churches
Become a Partner Church
Giving
Contact Us
Twitter
Our winter magazine should have arrived by now. Please get in touch f you haven’t received it or would like more to… t.co/0GEb8geQzU
21 hours ago
Follow @NWPartnership
Facebook
YouTube
Contact Us
Search
»
This site makes some use of cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here ×