https://nownj.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
What information does www.nownj.org collect from website visitors and how is this information used?
When you visit the New Jersey NOW website, your browser automatically sends us an Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and certain other information (including the type of browser you use). We will use this IP address and other information to manage our website.
We will ask you to provide additional contact information, which may include your name, street address, city, state, zip code, phone number and billing information, depending upon which of the following you wish to do:
Sign up for email;
Receive our Action Alerts;
Make a donation;
New Jersey NOW does not rent, sell or trade your email address or phone number with any third party.
Members and supporters, (such as donors, Action Alert and email recipients) may also receive additional communications from the New Jersey NOW, such as occasional news and alerts about the issues on which we work.
Like many websites, we use “cookie” technology.  A “cookie” is a piece of data stored on the user’s machine that enables the browser to store and recall information and only has meaning to our website. This cookie is used to facilitate access to www.nownj.org.  Some portions of the  website are hosted by vendors providing services to the League, these vendors have their own privacy policies.
How do we protect your information?
New Jersey NOW takes every precaution available to us to protect our website users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.  Our online transactions (join, donate, etc.) use a secure server and encryption to protect your personal information during processing.
How can you contact New Jersey NOW about your information?
You may contact us by emailing us at info@nownj.org to facilitate a review of your personal information and request corrections.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.