https://ntfb.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Use of Links
Throughout our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views or accuracy of the information contained on other servers.
Creating a text link from your Web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to info@ntfb.org with the subject “Link request.”
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our Web site, please send your request to info@ntfb.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images is available by contacting info@ntfb.org.
Accessibility
This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@ntfb.org.
Web Site Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site. Please see Cookies section below.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to recontact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Cookies
NTFB respects the privacy of our site visitors and handles any information you provide us with care. The only personal data we gather from you is that which you voluntarily provide. However, we do track visitors through the use of cookies* and only use general statistics gathered from our site traffic for our own purposes.
NTFB will only request specific information from you in order to complete a transaction. We do not require that site visitors provide us with personal information in order to contact us, or to be added to our email alert list.
If you do choose to provide us personal information voluntarily through any form that is currently available on the site, we do not distribute this information to any third party. Your information will be added to our donor database, but this information will not be sold to or traded with other organizations or companies. We may use your personal information to contact you in the future.
Credit card information is processed in a secure, PCI compliant, system. We do not store credit card information in our system. Credit card data is encrypted and transmitted to our payment processor, ChasePaymentech.com via CyberSource.com.
If there are any changes to this policy, we will post the changes immediately. Any information given to us prior to a change in policy will still be protected by the policy that was in place when you provided us with the information. By using our Web site and providing this information to us, you consent to our collection, use and storage of your information in the manner described above.
If you have any questions or concerns about the protection of your privacy while visiting our site, please feel free to contact us. Thank you for reading this privacy policy and visiting our Web site.
*Cookies: A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser when you visit pages in certain sites. The information that is sent to the browser is then saved to your hard drive and is used the next time you visit the same site to identify your computer. Many sites use cookies as a way to personalize pages or remember information such as personal profiles for shopping online. Our site uses cookies to identify end users based on their visit to our client’s websites and/or other sites on the Internet. We also use cookies to analyze website traffic and performance.
Our site collect/collects data related to targeted advertising and the behavior demonstrated by end users on advertiser websites. Data is converted into obfuscated audience lists from which individual identities cannot be determined by Third-Party vendors.  Specifically, collected data is cookie data which our/the DSP platforms process, creating audiences and attributing actions to specific ad campaigns. Data is stored in vetted third-party platforms which facilitate the collection of this data through secured tags. These platforms all conform to necessary data privacy laws, and allow for the exercising of all rights of data subjects. Lastly, platforms that allow for user-level tracking do so only through data gathered with proper consent, and obscure any form of user identification.
Our Donor Confidentiality Pledge
Personal information remains confidential and will not be shared, traded or sold by NTFB.
Questions about our policies: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at info@ntfb.org.
Non-Discrimination Statement
As a provider of U.S. Department of Agriculture commodities, the North Texas Food Bank, its staff, and its partner agencies abide by the following non-descrimination policy:The U.S Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.)If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email atprogram.intake@usda.gov.Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339; or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.