https://ntp.niehs.nih.gov/go/policies
Skip to Main Navigation
Skip to Page Content
Home
Support
Web Policies
Support
Accessibility Information
Acronyms & Abbreviations
Contact Us
Search Help
Site Map
Visiting NTP
Web Policies
Web Policies
Copyright Information
Links to the National Toxicology Program (NTP) websites are welcomed. Unless a copyright is indicated, information on the NTP website is within the public domain and may be copied and distributed without permission, although citation of NTP as the source of the information is appreciated.
If a copyright is indicated on a photo, graphic, or other medium, permission must be obtained from the original source.
Privacy Information
The NTP website uses Google Analytics and Crazy Egg to gather anonymous demographic summary information and aggregate site usage metrics. This information (which is stored via persistent cookies) is not personally identifiable and can't be traced to any specific individual. Please refer to the following policies for more information:
Google's main privacy policy
Cookies & Google Analytics on websites
Crazy Egg privacy policy
Crazy Egg cookie policy
You may also opt out of Google Analytics or Crazy Egg at:
Opt out of Google Analytics cookies
Opt out of Crazy Egg cookies
To opt out of electronic submission of information, see contact us for phone numbers of program contacts.
Website Disclaimer
The NTP website links to several other federal agencies. In some cases, the site also links to private organizations. Remember that you are subject to each site's individual privacy policy when you leave our site.
Any reference on the NTP website for a commercial product, process, service, manufacturer, or company does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by the U.S. Government, NTP, or the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences. NTP is not responsible for the content of any off-site web page referenced on the NTP website.
Share This:
https://ntp.niehs.nih.gov/go/policies
On This Page
Related Links
NIEHS Web Policies
NIH Web Policies and Notices