https://nwest.org/terms-and-conditions/
— Main Menu —Home - Directory
- Praise Team
- Contribute
Live Updates
About Us - What to Expect
- Our Beliefs and Values
- Ministers and Staff
- Elders
- Deacons
- Contact Us
Ministries - Men
- Women
- Online Children’s Ministry
- Small Groups
- Ways to Stay Involved – Daily
Youth - Weekly Schedule
- Calendar & Events
- Pictures
- Videos
- Leadership Training for Christ
GIA - What is GIA Ministries?
- Our Focus
- Our Approach
- Contact & Ways to Partner
- Media
Calendar - Weekly Bulletin
Videos - Interviews
- Sermons
Home
Directory
Praise Team
Contribute
Live Updates
About Us
What to Expect
Our Beliefs and Values
Ministers and Staff
Elders
Deacons
Contact Us
Ministries
Men
Women
Online Children’s Ministry
Small Groups
Ways to Stay Involved – Daily
Youth
Weekly Schedule
Calendar & Events
Pictures
Videos
Leadership Training for Christ
GIA
What is GIA Ministries?
Our Focus
Our Approach
Contact & Ways to Partner
Media
Calendar
Weekly Bulletin
Videos
Interviews
Sermons
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE OF THIS SITE AND THE TERMS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THIS SITE OR ANY OF OUR SITES, OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES FROM THIS SITE OR ANY OF OUR SITES.
When we use the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “our organization,” or “Northwest Church of Christ,” we refer to Northwest Church of Christ.
1.   USE OF SITE
By accessing or using this site, you agree to be bound by, and acknowledge your acceptance of these Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it. These Terms of Use may be changed at any time by us. We encourage you to periodically review these Terms of Use for any material changes. You agree to be bound by all of the provisions of these Terms of Use that are displayed on the Site on the date you use the Site and/or any part of the Services. Your use of the Site, and/or any part of the Services, indicates your acceptance of all of the provisions of these Terms of Use that are displayed on the Site on the date of such use.
2.   OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF THIS SITE AND MATERIALS
2.1. Trademarks, Copyright and Intellectual Property Ownership
We use names, marks, brands, design marks, slogans, logos, designs, trade dress and trade names on the Site or with the Services (“Our Trademarks”). We own all Trademarks, the Content, and other information displayed and posted on, contained in, and/or provided in connection with, the Site and/or the Services (collectively, “Our Materials”). Also, third parties have allowed us to post or use their Materials and Trademarks on the Site (“Third Party Materials”). We refer to Our Materials and Third-Party Materials collectively as the “Materials.”
2.2 Copyright Notice
Our Materials contained on this Site or in Northwest Church of Christ publications, books and other materials or products, such as text, graphics, illustrations, logos, etc., are copyrighted by and proprietary to Northwest Church of Christ. Copyright © Northwest Church of Christ. All rights reserved.
We exclusively own, or have the right to use or license, all intellectual property in the Materials, proprietary information and know-how used with the Site and Services. We maintain all of the web pages of our websites as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws and protect the Site and Materials under trademark and other intellectual property laws.
Northwest Church of Christ material(s) and/or products(s) may not be reproduced into any medium or translated in whole or in part by individuals, organizations or corporations.
Northwest Church of Christ material(s) and/or product(s) may not be bundled or sold with other material(s) and/or product(s), used in any derivative work(s) or used in connection with any fundraising activities without prior written express permission. Granting permission is at the sole discretion of Northwest Church of Christ. Written permission must be obtained prior to using, translating, reproducing, publishing or redistributing the material(s) and/or products(s). For more information, contact us at 623-915-4443, jlopez@nwest.org, 5110 W. Union Hills Drive Glendale, AZ, 85308, USA.
Any authorized use of Our Materials, including any authorized reproduction, transmission, broadcast or adaptations permitted under these Terms of Use, must contain the following Copyright notice: Northwest Church of Christ  USA. All rights reserved. Used by permission.”
All other copyright notices and trademark notices should be maintained and displayed, as displayed on the Site or on the relevant work, or as otherwise instructed by us.
2.3 Rights in Materials
By using or accessing the Site or Services, you do not acquire any rights or interest in any Materials. The only rights you can gain are those we explicitly grant to you through these Terms of Use. We reserve all rights that we do not expressly grant to you.
You agree not to display, use (including co-branding your own goods or services with our Trademark), remove or alter our or Third-Party Trademarks, Content or other Information without prior written consent.
You also agree that any use by you, or on your behalf, of our Trademarks, and the goodwill associated therewith, shall inure to our benefit.
3. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF CONTENT, MATERIALS AND MARKS
Your use of the Site is strictly and exclusively limited to personal, non-commercial use. Your use is also subject to our and Third-Party Intellectual Property Rights. Except as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree that:
You will not reproduce, edit, modify, rent, license, sell, distribute, mirror, republish, download, transmit or create derivative works from any Materials displayed on, or made available through the Site, or in connection with any of the Services, in whole or in part, by any means now known or later developed;
You will not modify, decompile or reverse engineer any part of the software;
You will not copy, post or transmit any Materials that you receive from, access, or retrieve from, the Site or through any of the Services, to any server or network of computers;
You will not remove or modify any copyright or trademark notice, or other notice of ownership, displayed on, or affixed to, any Materials, including any copies of the licensed materials that you download and/or distribute; and
You will not frame the Site within a mark other than that of our Ministry.
4. PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY OF INFORMATION
4.1 Provision of Your Personal Information
As a user of the Site, you can visit certain areas of the Site without revealing any information about yourself. In other parts of our Site, you may be required to provide information for certain purposes, including registering for a service, completing a transaction, making a donation, sending correspondence, purchasing or ordering a product or gaining access to a portion of the Site or a Service. Any information you provide to the Site is subject to our Privacy Policy.
4.2 Accuracy of Personal Information
In operating our Site, we seek to provide valuable information and we value accurate and honest communication. In using the Site, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself in the data and materials you provide. It is your responsibility to maintain the security of all passwords, user identification data, and other unique identifiers established in connection with your use of any part of the Site and/or any Service. As part of your use, you agree to maintain and promptly update any information you provide and to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Site, and to refuse any and all current or future access to, or use of, the Site and the Services.
5. PRODUCT SALES, DONATIONS, SUBSCRIPTIONS AND FEES
5.1 Product Sales and Availability
We may sell certain products and materials on our Site. All prices for products and materials sold through the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars, and are valid and effective only in the United States at the time of posting. If we provide products or materials for delivery to certain locations outside the United States, we reserve the right to charge a higher price, or additional fees, for such products. We reserve the right to, at any time, and without prior notice, discontinue or change information, availability and pricing on any product or Materials on our Site, without incurring any obligations to you or any other party. You are responsible for any applicable use taxes of your jurisdiction imposed as user or buyer of products or services.
5.2 Third-Party Sales
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE AVAILABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, MATERIALS OR SERVICES THAT YOU PURCHASE FROM A THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE THAT LINKS TO OR FROM OUR SITE, OR AS A RESULT OF THIRD-PARTY CONTENT (INCLUDING ADVERTISEMENTS OR SPONSORSHIP’S) POSTED, DISPLAYED OR INCLUDED ON OUR SITE. WE DO NOT ENDORSE ANY OF THE PRODUCTS, NOR HAVE WE TAKEN ANY STEPS TO CONFIRM THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY SITES OR CONTENT (INCLUDING ADVERTISEMENTS).
YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND FOREVER RELEASE AND WAIVE (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND YOUR HEIRS, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE, AND PERMITTED ASSIGNS) ANY CLAIM AGAINST US RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF (A) THE OPERATION OR DISPLAY OF ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB-SITES AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH WEBSITES AND CONTENT ARE ACCESSIBLE THROUGH, OR DISPLAYED ON OUR SITE; (B) YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT; AND (C) ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS OR MATERIALS THAT YOU PURCHASE FROM ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE, EVEN IF SUCH PRODUCTS ARE ADVERTISED ON OUR SITE.
WE STRONGLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO MAKE WHATEVER INVESTIGATION YOU FEEL NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE BEFORE PROCEEDING WITH ANY ON-LINE OR OFF-LINE TRANSACTION WITH THE OPERATOR OR OWNER OF A THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE OR THE PUBLISHER OR OWNER OF ANY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT DISPLAYED ON OUR SITE.
5.3 Ownership of Third-Party Materials
Third-Party Materials are owned or licensed by the owner thereof, and, where necessary, we use such Third-Party Materials with the permission of the owner. Unless we expressly indicate in these Terms of Use, you have no rights or interest in any Third-Party Materials. All rights relating to these materials are reserved to their owner.
5.4 Donations
Donations made through our Site are verified, secure and confidential. Like any tax-deductible charitable contribution, any electronic giving made through our Site by credit card or electronic transfer is considered made and irrevocable at the time the contribution is submitted on our Site. For further information or questions concerning donations you may contact us at 623-915-4443, jlopez@nwest.org, 5110 W. Union Hills Drive, Glendale, AZ, USA, or visit our website at: www.nwest.org
5.5 Credit Cards
We take the issue of your privacy seriously. All credit card information submitted is protected by SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption or similar technology. We provide your credit card number, billing and shipping information to participating merchants from whom you buy goods or services. All credit card payments are processed using PCI-compliant technology, to ensure that your credit card number is securely passed to the merchant. We do not store your credit card details. These merchants are solely responsible for how they use that information and any other information they independently acquire from you or about you. Otherwise, we do not share or use your credit card information, except as described in our Privacy Policy, which we encourage you to read each time you visit our Site. As set forth in our Privacy Policy, we require all third-party service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with our data protection policies and all applicable laws.
6. GENERAL USE RULES
By using or accessing the Site or Services, you agree to adhere to the following General Use Rules. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Site, and to refuse any and all current or future access to, or use of, the Site and the Services for violation of any of the following General Use Rules:
No Obscenity
We do not allow obscene, racist, vulgar, discourteous, indecent or sexually-explicit language or images. You agree not to post, upload, email, transmit, distribute, or otherwise make available, any such content or materials onto any of the Site, including any Forum.
No Posting or Communication of Infringing Material or Harassing Communications or Advertisements
You also agree not to post, communicate, upload, email, transmit, distribute, or otherwise make available:
any material or content that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party (including its intellectual property and proprietary rights), or any law;
any harassing, slanderous, libelous or derogatory information or content; or
any advertisements for products or services, “junk mail,” spam, chain mail, pyramid schemes, or other form of commercial or illegal solicitation.
No Commercial Uses
You agree not to use any Forum or the Site for commercial purposes of any kind.
No Harm to Minors
You agree not to harm, or attempt to harm, lure or deceive minors in any way.
No False Identity
You agree not to create or use a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
Do Not Collect or Store Personal Data
You agree not to collect or store personal data about other users.
No Virus or Disabling Software
You agree not to post or distribute any software or other materials that contain a virus, a worm, a trojan horse or other harmful or disabling code or component.
No Interference with the Site or Services
You agree not to interfere with, or disrupt, the operation of the Site and/or the Services, or with servers or networks connected to, or used in connection with the operation of the Site.
Obey Requirements
You agree to obey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations established by the owners or operators of any networks, hardware, or software connected to, or used in connection with the operation of the Site, or any requirement that we post on the Site.
Respect Privacy of Others
You must respect the privacy of others. You agree not to post or disclose phone numbers, addresses, Social Security numbers, or any other private information, relating to any other person.
7. INTERACTIVE PARTICIPATION AND USER-POSTED INFORMATION AND CONTENT
7.1 Truthful Participation and Assumption of Risk in Interactive Communications
Through our Site, you may participate in a number of interactive communication activities including chat, forums, message boards, email and other means of interactive communication (collectively, “Interactive Communications”). We are not responsible for the content, opinions or accuracy of any information provided or posted in any Interactive Communication. You participate at your own risk when engaging in any activity relating to the Site and/or the Services (including any Interactive Communication). You expressly assume all risk and take full and sole responsibility for (a) all postings using, or made under, your passwords or your accounts; (b) any use of any Information, Content or Materials provided or displayed on, or contained in, the Site (including in any Forum); and (c) any communication or interaction with other users through the Site. When participating in a Forum or Interactive Communication, you are wise to never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with who they say they are. The term “Forum” means a chat area, message board, email or other function that allows you to provide information or interact with others offered as part of our Site. Portions of our Site may allow users to post their own material. The materials posted by users do not necessarily reflect our views and we shall not be liable for any user information posted or displayed on, or uploaded onto the Site, including any Forum.
7.2 Posting Materials to Site
By posting materials to or communicating with other participants on the Site or in an Interactive Communication, you represent and warrant to us that: (a) you have all necessary rights to such materials, and that the posting of such materials will not infringe on any personal or proprietary rights of any third party, including its intellectual property rights; and (b) such materials are not harmful, defamatory, unlawful, threatening, obscene, lewd, lascivious, harassing and/or contrary to the principles, tenets and Mission Statement of our organization.
7.3 We have the Right to Remove or Block Postings or Interactive Communications
We reserve the right to remove or block any and all postings and Interactive Communications, including any postings and/or Interactive Communications that we consider to be (i) defamatory, libelous, slanderous or disparaging of, or insulting to, any person, group or entity; (ii) abusive or hateful; (iii) obscene, lewd or vulgar; or (iv) contrary to, or inconsistent with, the principles, tenets, and Mission Statement of our organization. While we reserve the right to remove any posting and/or Interactive Communication, we shall have no obligation to do so. Any harassing notes, postings or Interactive Communications that might be construed as stalking, or any postings that might otherwise be illegal or relate to illegal activity will be deleted and may be made available to the proper law-enforcement officials.
7.4 Ownership in Posted Material
By uploading or communicating any materials, ideas or submissions to the Site, including any Forum, or submitting any materials to us in any other manner, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials expressly granted) to us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and display, create derivative works from and distribute such materials, or to incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed. In addition, you waive and warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in those materials have been waived. You agree that we own any derivative works, improvements or other materials, works, ideas, intellectual property, and/or products created from, based on, or related to, our access to, or use of, any materials you provide. If on a particular Site we have included an upload license, those terms should be noted as also applying, with any conflicts governed by these Terms of Use.
© Northwest Church of Christ
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Contact Us