https://nypost.com/privacy/#adchoices
Skip to main content
Last Modified:
December 24, 2019
NYP Holdings, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), publisher of the New York Post, understands and respects that you care about your personal information and how it is used.
We respect your privacy, as further described in our full Privacy Notice. These highlights set out some points about how we treat your personal information.
Please review the full Privacy Notice to understand our privacy practices.
PRIVACY NOTICE SCOPE
Company owns, operates, or provides access to print publications, websites, mobile applications and direct marketing programs (collectively, the “Services”). Our Privacy Notice applies to those Services and describes how we treat your personal information when you use the Services. Our Privacy Notice
describes in detail what information we collect about you, why we collect it, what we do with it and how to contact us about our privacy practices.
Read More
USE OF INFORMATION
Our use of the personal information we collect will depend on the way you interact with the Services.
For example, we may use the information we collect to:
Provide our products and Services;
Improve your experience with our products and Services;
Understand your interests and tell you about products and Services we think you will value;
Communicate with you and respond to your requests or questions;
Otherwise, as we may notify you at the point of collection or with your consent.
Read More
YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
As described further in our Privacy Notice, you have certain choices and rights related to the information we collect about you, including:
You have the opportunity to access, update and correct contact information that you choose to share with us, subject to applicable law.
You can stop receiving commercial email messages from a Service by submitting a request to us as outlined in the Contact Us section or as outlined in the Your Choices section.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect and secure your information, but no data transmission or storage, or use of the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
For more information about our privacy practices, please review the full Privacy Notice.
CONTACT US
If you have questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices or the Privacy Notice, or wish to update your information, please contact us at privacy@nypost.com.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect personal information from a variety of sources, including:
Information you provide directly to the Services;
Information about you that our Company affiliates may also have;
Information about you from third party sources, including public and commercially available sources; business partners; third party social media networks, such as Facebook, YouTube;
Information about your device and browsing activities on the Services, including through cookies and other similar technologies.
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements, as described in our Cookie Notice.
Read More
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share your information in certain situations, including:
Where we have obtained your consent, including video content and social networking services as described in our Video Services Notice and Social Networking Notice;
With our affiliated companies https://newscorp.com/about/our-businesses/
With our third party service providers;
With our business partners, who sponsor a contest or promotion, or who jointly offer services with our Services;
With third parties for those parties’ own marketing or other commercial purposes;
If the Company or the Services is merged with or is sold to another company;
To comply with the law or to protect or defend the rights of the Company or our users.
Read More
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
You may also write to us using the postal address listed below:
NYP Holdings, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Lead
1211 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The Californian Shine the Light Law and the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act (CCPA) provide certain rights to residents of California. For additional information for California residents, click here.
Please click here to review the full Privacy Notice