https://nypost.com/2004/06/24/police-on-long-island-busted-a-10-million-illegal-gambling-ring/
Skip to main content
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
News
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
POLICE ON LONG ISLAND BUSTED A $10 MILLION ILLEGAL GAMBLING RING …
By Devin Smith
View author archive
Get author RSS feed
1
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
2
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
3
George Clooney was hospitalized after losing 28 pounds for his latest role
4
Dorinda Medley's daughter Hannah raises concerns over 'thigh gap' video
5
24-year-old woman dead after dropping iPhone into bathwater
Name(required)
Email(required)
Comment(required)
Submit
June 24, 2004 | 4:00am
Police on Long Island busted a $10 million illegal gambling ring and netted one of the Bonanno crime family’s “big fish” in the process, authorities announced yesterday.
Suffolk cops arrested six members of the notorious organized-crime family for operating a lucrative sports-betting service out of a nightclub, Skybox Lounge, in Island Park. Among those nabbed in the 18-month investigation was John “Johnny Mulberry” Sciremammano, 47, a Bonanno soldier who allegedly masterminded the venture.
“He was at the top of the food chain in this particular operation,” said Inspector James Burke of the Suffolk District Attorney’s Office. “He was a big fish.”
Using telephones to access offshore accounts in Costa Rica, Sciremammano and his associates facilitated betting on horse racing, playoff baseball and college sports, authorities said. According to confiscated documents, the ring regularly provided service to hundreds of bettors.
“I would consider this a big impact on the sports betting operation,” Burke said.
Share this article:
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
Read Next
GIS' 'SPOKES'MAN - L.I. CYCLIST'S EPIC RIDE TO AID TROOPS
Share Selection
This story has been shared 64,502 times.
64,502
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
This story has been shared 17,017 times.
17,017
Harrison Ford to reprise 'Indiana Jones' role for fifth and final movie
This story has been shared 10,939 times.
10,939
'Tiny' Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
How the media covered up the Hunter Biden story — until after the election
Liberal media ‘snuffed out' Hunter Biden coverage until after election to help defeat Trump: critics
Greenwald: Don't forget media, Big Tech 'suppressed' The Post's Hunter Biden exposé
Biden said 'Defund the police' hurt Dem candidates in election
Michigan pol stripped of committee seats for threatening Trump supporters
Home Chef’s holiday meal kits are all you need for the perfect family dinner
Cole Haan discounts boots to under $100 for limited-time sale
These last-minute Nordstrom Rack gifts are perfect for everyone on your list
At-home COVID-19 testing is now available for under $125
15 amazing IT Cosmetics gifts you can buy at Ulta
Now On
Now on Page Six
‘Tiny’ Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
‘Tiny’ Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
Pia Mia and Yankee Tyler Wade cozy up in LA
Pia Mia and Yankee Tyler Wade cozy up in LA
Donald Trump hosts two Hanukkah White House bashes
Donald Trump hosts two Hanukkah White House bashes
SEE ALL
Football coach Tony Dungy would love to coach this basketball star
Now On
Now on Decider
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
SEE ALL
More Stories
page six
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
nypost
Harrison Ford to reprise 'Indiana Jones' role for fifth and final movie
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
click to copy