https://nypost.com/2020/09/21/nj-authorities-call-on-public-to-help-identify-sex-assault-suspect/
Skip to main content
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
Metro
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
NJ authorities call on public to help identify sex assault suspect
By Joshua Rhett Miller
View author archive
email the author
follow on twitter
Get author RSS feed
1
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
2
George Clooney was hospitalized after losing 28 pounds for his latest role
3
Dorinda Medley's daughter Hannah raises concerns over 'thigh gap' video
4
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
5
'Ellen' loses sponsors, A-listers and viewers following workplace misconduct scandal
Name(required)
Email(required)
Comment(required)
Submit
September 21, 2020 | 1:27pm				| Updated September 21, 2020 | 3:18pm
Enlarge Image
The suspect who cops say sexually assaulted a woman in Trenton on July 23
Mercer County Prosecutor’s Off
More On:
sexual assaults
Ex-federal guard gets over 3 years for sexually abusing female inmates
Daisy Coleman's mom wrote troubling post weeks before her suicide
Ex-deputy accused of sexually assaulting teen gets 6 months in jail
Ex-teacher, coach charged with raping teen student at his home
New Jersey authorities are turning to the public in hopes of zeroing in on a sexual assault suspect wanted in an attack two months ago.
The alleged attacker preyed on the 29-year-old woman as she walked to work in the early hours of July 23, forcing her into an alley near South Broad Street and Chestnut Avenue and sexually assaulting her, the Mercer County Prosecutor’s Office said Friday.
He is described as a heavyset black male with dark hair, possibly in his 30s.
Investigators from the prosecutor’s office, along with Trenton police, have identified a person of interest but are calling on the public for more information that could help prevent another attack.
“We are getting calls to the tip line telling us there are people who know who did it,” Mercer County Prosecutor’s Special Victims Unit Sgt. Joe Paglione said in a statement. “They are giving us dribs and drabs and ‘word on the street,’ but we need more. We just need that last piece of information to take a dangerous man off of the street and stop this from happening to the next victim.”
Trenton police first released images of the suspect from a security camera depicting him on a street in early August, NJ.com reported.
Mercer County Prosecutor Angelo Onofri cited press reports in an unrelated sex assault case that led to additional victims coming forward after the suspect was charged with victimizing two women during gatherings at his house.
Eridson M. Rodriguez, 26, of Hamilton, was arrested earlier this month after being accused by the 19- and 20-year-old women of sexually assaulting them in separate incidents when they were intoxicated and incapacitated at his home, NJ.com reported.
“Law enforcement can perform its job so much more effectively when the public and media help,” Onofri said while referencing Rodriguez’s arrest. “This is what can happen when we all work together for justice.”
A prosecutor’s office spokeswoman told The Post she had no update to provide in the Trenton attack as of early Monday.
Anyone with information about the suspect’s identity is asked to contact the Mercer County Prosecutor’s Office at (609) 273-0065 or Trenton police at (609) 989-4155.
Filed under
crime
,
new jersey
,
sexual assaults
,
9/21/20
Share this article:
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
Read Next
Hungry for help: Nearly 90 percent of NYC eateries couldn'...
Share Selection
This story has been shared 107,236 times.
107,236
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
This story has been shared 30,984 times.
30,984
These are the 4 finalists for Time magazine's 'Person of the Year'
This story has been shared 29,778 times.
29,778
Harrison Ford to reprise 'Indiana Jones' role for fifth and final movie
Columnists
Jennifer Gould
NYC restaurants are bracing for street chaos on Election Day
Steve Cuozzo
How the coronavirus pandemic has changed NYC for the better
see all columnists
Home Chef’s holiday meal kits are all you need for the perfect family dinner
Cole Haan discounts boots to under $100 for limited-time sale
These last-minute Nordstrom Rack gifts are perfect for everyone on your list
At-home COVID-19 testing is now available for under $125
15 amazing IT Cosmetics gifts you can buy at Ulta
Page Six Style
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
Now On
Now on Page Six
‘Tiny’ Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
‘Tiny’ Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
Pia Mia and Yankee Tyler Wade cozy up in LA
Pia Mia and Yankee Tyler Wade cozy up in LA
Donald Trump hosts two Hanukkah White House bashes
Donald Trump hosts two Hanukkah White House bashes
SEE ALL
Football coach Tony Dungy would love to coach this basketball star
More Stories
page six
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
nypost
These are the 4 finalists for Time magazine's 'Person of the Year'
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
click to copy