https://obrienlaw.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Our Firm
About Our Firm
Attorney and Staff Profiles
Services
Asset Protection & Business Planning
Elder Law & Medicaid Services
Estate and Gift Tax Figures
Estate Planning Services
Family-Owned Businesses & Farms
Financial Planning Assistance
Incapacity Planning
IRA & Retirement Planning
Legacy Planning
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Pet Planning
SECURE Act
Special Needs Planning
Trust Administration & Probate
Workshops
Resources
Client Care Program
Elder Law Reports
Estate Planning Articles
Estate Planning Workshops
Financial Advisors
Frequently Asked Questions
Estate Planning FAQ’s
Frequently Asked Questions for Families Without an Estate Plan
Legacy Wealth Planning FAQ’s
LGBTQ Estate Planning Frequently Asked Questions
Trust Administration & Probate Frequently Asked Questions
Newsletters
Reports
Advanced Estate Planning
Basic Estate Planning
Estate Planning for Niches
Trust Administration
COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
Beachwood
Cleveland
Willoughby
Contact Us
BLOG
Home / Privacy PolicyOur law firm collects personal information only when you submit it to us. If you decide to submit such personal information, we or an external service provider will retain the information that you submit in a database, and we will use this information to complete your request. Any service provider that we designate will have agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any third party, and we will also not share the information with any third party except for the service provider. We may also use the information retained in the database to communicate with you directly via email or direct mail, such as to inform you about upcoming Workshops that may be of interest to you. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, but we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
Currently, we only employ a “cookie” for more accurate traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the page viewed and the referring website. This cookie retains some form submission details. The data that we do collect is never stored in any individual website tracking profile and only serves to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor site traffic. We may share non-personal, anonymous information collected through cookies with third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be made through a revised posting on our website.
With the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Estate Planning Attorneys, as CPAs, banks, trust companies and other financial service providers, are now required to inform their clients of their policies regarding the privacy of client information.
Attorneys have always been required under their Code of Professional Conduct to keep their clients’ information confidential. Therefore we have always protected your right to privacy. Furthermore, in order to practice before the Internal Revenue Service, we are forbidden from disclosing any client information provided for tax planning or preparation services without your prior written consent.
Non-Public Information We Collect. We collect non-public personal information about you that is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information. We do not disclose private personal information about clients or former clients obtained in the course of our practice, except as required or permitted by law.
Required Disclosures
As legal professionals, we are required by law to make disclosures of private information where we have knowledge of elder or child abuse, or of the intent to commit a crime.
Permitted Disclosures
Employees. In order to complete work you engaged our firm to produce, your private information may need to be disclosed to employees of our firm.
Outside Providers. On occasion, we may need to provide your private information to unrelated third parties who may be called on to assist us in completing work you have engaged our firm to complete. This information is never provided without first obtaining your written permission. Examples of third parties to whom your private information might be disclosed are an accountant to assist us with tax research or accounting services, an appraiser to help us to value your assets, or a life insurance professional providing us with quotes for obtaining life insurance coverage.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Client Information. In order to better serve you and your heirs, as well as comply with certain professional guidelines and requirements, we retain records of the professional services that we provide. As part of our commitment to provide you with the finest service possible, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the private information of our clients and former clients. These safeguards comply with our professional standards as well as with the federal regulations.
Request Not to Release Information. The Federal Trade Commission regulations require us to notify you of your right to request that our firm not release your non-public personal information. While it is unnecessary for you to do so, because our firm does not release any private information, in the interest of satisfying the regulations we include this disclosure.
Although the attorney / client privilege by which our firm is bound prohibits us from releasing any communications between you and one of our attorneys, you can always request that our firm release such information to anyone you designate.
Should you have any further questions regarding our privacy policies and procedures, please feel free to call our office at (216) 472-1500, or email us at info@obrienlaw.net.
Primary SidebarDownload our free estate planning worksheet
There's a lot that goes into setting up a comprehensive estate plan, but with our FREE worksheet, you'll be one step closer to getting yourself and your family on the path to a secure and happy future.
First
Name:*Last Name:*Email:*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Follow Us
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Testimonials
Michael and his team work very closely with you to help build a strategy for you regarding estate planning. They do not overdo it. They work hard to be certain their suggestions/recommendations fit your needs. Michael asks great questions, listens well and delivers on his commitments. I was very appreciative and hugely satisfied.
Anonymous
Client Review
September 8, 2020
Personal, professional service and follow up. Did what he said he would do at the agreed price.
Paul
Client Review
September 8, 2020
When you’re deciding to whom to leave assets, most people choose their children or other descendants. However, you also need to decide on the “contingent remainder” beneficiary. In other words, who should get your assets if all your other beneficiaries are gone. Read on to learn more about this often-confusing concept.
Tom
Client Revew
September 8, 2020
Michael has a comprehensive knowledge of estate palnning needs and trust issues. I trust his guidance and counsel completely.
Jim
Client Review
September 8, 2020
Willoughby Office
WILLOUGHBY38027 Euclid Avenue Willoughby, OH 44094Phone: (440) 951-1525Fax: (440) 951-1807
Beachwood Office
BEACHWOOD25550 Chagrin Blvd., Suite 100 Beachwood, OH 44122Phone: (216) 472-1500Fax: (216) 593-0914
Office Hours
Monday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMTuesday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMWednesday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMThursday9:00 AM - 5:00 PMFriday9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Map
Footer
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this or associated pages, documents, comments, answers, emails, or other communications should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. The information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Site Map | Powered by American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys
© 2020 American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys, Inc.