https://ocparalegal.org/page-1381832
Home
About
Leadership
President
Vice President of Administration
Vice President of Policy
Treasurer
Secretary
NALA Liaison
Directors at Large
Sections & Commitees
Past Presidents
Lifetime Achievement Award
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Join
Benefits
Events
Members Only
Educational Conference
CLE
Sponsors
News
Scholarships
Elizabeth Root Memorial Scholarship
Student Scholarship
Photo Gallery
Pro Bono
Job Listings
Contact
* Email
* Password
Forgot password
This is the privacy policy that applies to this Site and our services. We have a firm commitment to safeguarding the privacy of our members' personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. Publicly available information, such as a public directory listing of your name, address, telephone number, or electronic address, is not considered to be personal information.When you register for an account we ask for information such as your name, organization name, and email address. We also collect the e-mail addresses and other personal information provided during account sign-ups, from email inquiries, forum registrations and forum postings, and from blog comments. Information we collect is stored on computer servers that we use to operate the Site. These servers may be located outside of the United States, or the information may pass through jurisdictions outside of the United States in the course of the operation or maintenance of the Site.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To personalize your experience – your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve member service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your member service requests and support needs)
To process transactions – your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your membership, in addition to receiving occasional association news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we provide an unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. In the alternative you may send an email to info@ocparalegal.org requesting to be unsubscribed.The security of your personal information is important to us. We do not store credit card information in our database. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can email us at info@ocparalegal.org.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financial information, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Yes. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use our service. We use cookies to record user session information.We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.You may keep your registration information current by visiting the account area of our Site. If you wish to change or update any of your personal information and are unable to do so, please contact us at the address below.This Site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.This policy was last modified on August 12, 2012.If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.OCPA2549-B Eastbluff Drive, #399Newport Beach, CA 92660
(888) 346-9140info@ocparalegal.org
@OC_Paralegal         @ocparalegal
OCPA is a State Bar of California MCLE Provider
Copyright © 2020 Orange County Paralegal Association. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  Terms of Use
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software