https://odinic-rite.org/main/terms-policies/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Terms & Policies / Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
From time to time we may change this policy by updating this page. You should regularly check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including address, email address and telephone
Order history and details
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information for the following reasons:-
To improve improve your experience on our site
To process orders
To properly respond to your enquiries
Internal record keeping
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites to facilitate additional services such as downloads. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, as such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at store@odinic-rite.org or by mail at BCM Runic, London, WC1N 3XX
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. You are also able to change the information we hold my logging into your account and editing details.
Like this:Like Loading...
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
%d bloggers like this: