https://odinic-rite.org/main/privacy/
You are here: Home / Privacy
Privacy Notice
Your privacy is important to us at The Odinic Rite. Under data protection legislation, we need to let you know how we care for your information.
The Odinic Rite is the Data Controller and can be contacted by via email at dataprotection@odinic-rite.org (Full contact details are provided on our website.)
Data we collect and how we handle it
OR Members and those in contact with the OR
Your name, contact details and other information you provide to us may be stored electronically or securely in paper form.
To enable us to support and provide a safe community for our members and their families we may record information which may be regarded as sensitive. This information will be stored securely, either electronically with password protection, or in locked draws or cabinets. This information will NOT be disclosed to anyone else without your consent, except as required by law.
Membership Database
Your name, contact details and other information which you have provided will be entered into our membership database which is stored electronically and accessible only by authorised users. Your contact details will be removed from our membership database upon notification to us that you are no longer a member of the OR. You can ask for all or any of your details to be removed (or amended) at any time.
Legal basis for processing your data
OR Members and those who are in contact with the OR
We are collecting this information to enable the OR to manage our membership and to keep a record of communications, enquiries, etc. and keep in touch with you as appropriate. Data Protection legislation allows us to process this information as we regard it as being in the OR’s legitimate interest.
Sharing Data
We will not share your data with third parties. Should the need arise, for example booking of tickets or hotel rooms for an OR event, this will only be done with your explicit agreement.
Your rights under GDPR
Under Data Protection legislation, you have the right to request access to information about you that we hold.
You also have the right to:
object to processing of personal data that is likely to cause, or is causing, damage or distress
prevent processing for the purpose of direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means
in certain circumstances, have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and
claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the Data Protection regulations.
To make a request for your personal information, or for any queries relating to how your information is used and your rights to access information, please email dataprotection@odinic-rite.org
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance or directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We review our Data Protection Policy annually. The last review date was May 2018.
Like this:Like Loading...
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
%d bloggers like this: