http://oew.hutchcraft.com/about-ron-hutchcraft-ministries/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, Inc.
Subscribe    Donate
Menu
Menu
×
HomeAboutWhat We DoResourcesNewsBlogStore
Home
About
About
Board of Directors
Statement of Faith
Contact Us
Employment
Manage Your Email Subscriptions
What We Do
A Word With You
Your Hard Times
Your Hindrances
Your Mission
Your Most Important Relationship
Your Personal Power
Your Relationships
A Life That Matters
On Eagles' Wings
On Eagles' Wings News
Resources
Articles
Life Issues
Motivational Articles
Audio
Chapel Messages
Radio Specials
Christmas Moments 2019
eBooks
Videos
Retreat 2019
News
Blog
Store
You are here:  HomeAbout Ron Hutchcraft MinistriesPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Print
Details
Introduction
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries is committed to helping maintain your privacy. We deeply appreciate that you’ve trusted us with personal information and we are committed to treating it confidentially. Below are specific guidelines describing how your information is used.
ECFA
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries is a member in good standing of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (ECFA). The purpose of the ECFA is to help Christ-centered evangelical nonprofit organizations earn the public’s trust through their ethical practices and financial accountability. Our membership in good standing is tangible evidence that Ron Hutchcraft Ministries adheres to the highest standards of financial integrity and Christian ethics.
How We Collect Your Information
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries does not collect personal information without your knowledge. On our websites, you can provide contact information for ministry-related purposes, to order resources, to receive email updates and promotions, or to make ministry contributions.The information that we may collect online includes:
Contact Information: Name, Organization, complete address, phone, email address.
Payment Information: Method of payment, credit card or service ID, essential verification information.
Shipping Information: Name, organization, complete shipping address, and phone.
Promotional Information: How you found us, what prompted your interest and your areas of interest.
Correspondence Information: Suggestions, comments, messages, questions and requests for further correspondence.
Usage Information: IP address, browser type, operating system, date stamps, etc. (see Logs below).
Information we may collect at events includes (but is not limited to):
Names
Addresses
Email Addresses
Phone Numbers
We collect credit card information for purchases and donations.
How We Use Your Information
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries is extremely careful with the personal information you provide. We will use it to:
Respond to your correspondence, questions, comments, suggestions, thoughts, opinions, prayer requests, concerns, or ideas to fulfill a resource request.
Process your request for resources from our online bookstore.
Contact you to confirm specific requests, deliver email newsletters you request, inform you of new materials and special offers, or provide information we think may be of particular interest to you.
Continually update, develop, design, and customize the content of our Web site to meet the needs, interests, and requests of our audience.
Publish comments and testimonials in ministry materials with reference to your name, initials, location, age, etc., provided that permission to do so is provided by you.
Publish comments and testimonials in ministry materials without reference to your name, initials, location, age, etc., if permission to reference your name has not been provided by you.
We will always provide a way for you to be removed from our mailing lists.
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries never sells, rents, leases, or exchanges any personal information with other organizations with the exception of partnering ministries which help sponsor Ron Hutchcraft Ministries events and/or organizations which partner with Ron Hutchcraft Ministries to further our mission statement. Ron Hutchcraft Ministries never sells, rents, leases, or exchanges the identity of its donors to others except as required by law (i.e. 990 tax form).
Protection of Ron Hutchcraft Ministries and others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, our constituents, or others. This includes sharing information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Refund Policy
Donation refunds are granted only in exceptional circumstances. If you have made an error in your donation or if you have not authorized a specific donation, please contact us about a refund within fifteen (15) business days. All donations are final after seven business days.
To request a refund, email us at
or call us at (870) 741-3300. Refunds are processed and returned using the original method of payment unless you paid in cash, in which case your donation will be refunded via check. If you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We utilize industry-standard secure server connections during the product ordering and donation process to ensure that your personal data is encrypted and secure.
Logs
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries uses log files to track trends, activity of users, and to improve the overall user experience. These log files contain information about what domain you are coming from (i.e., AOL.com, Google.com), what browser software and system software you use, and what pages were visited on our site. This information is utilized by authorized Ron Hutchcraft Ministries personnel only. Any archived information is utilized for statistical purposes only.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and improve your experience on Ron Hutchcraft Ministries websites.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to change how your browser handles cookies. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of our website and the vast majority of others, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Links
Outbound Links
Outbound links are hyperlinks that are owned and controlled by a website which direct visitors to a third-party website. Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' websites may contain outbound links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Ron Hutchcraft Ministries. We make every effort to link to sites that reflect our calling and commitment to the highest standards of integrity.
The outbound hyperlinks on this website are provided as an additional resource only and should not be seen as an endorsement, approval, or agreement with any information or resource offered at sites accessed through our site. No inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that Ron Hutchcraft Ministries is connected with, operates, or controls these websites. The privacy and data collection practices on third-party websites are entirely separate from Ron Hutchcraft Ministries and are not covered by this privacy policy.
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party website. In addition, Ron Hutchcraft Ministries does not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party website. By using our website, you express the release of Ron Hutchcraft Ministries from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you, when you leave the Ron Hutchcraft Ministries website, to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website you visit.
Inbound Links
Inbound links are hyperlinks from a website that is owned and controlled by a third-party which direct visitors to another website. Third party websites, that are not owned or controlled by Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, may contain inbound links to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' websites. The presence of inbound links from third-party websites should not be seen as an endorsement, approval, or agreement with the sites that link to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' websites. No inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that Ron Hutchcraft Ministries is connected with, operates, or controls these websites. The privacy and data collection practices on websites that link to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' websites are entirely separate from Ron Hutchcraft Ministries and are not covered by this privacy policy.
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' Website Linking Policy
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries uses hyperlinks to provide our website users easy access to helpful resources or online materials. When linking to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' websites, please observe the following practices as a courtesy, or in some cases a legal necessity:
Please:
Observe all copyright laws. All requests for copyright information must be submitted to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries in writing.
Link to our homepage using the following text only: "Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, Inc."
Link directly to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries' website content. When using the name of the article or resource as a hyperlink, the link should go directly to the article or resource, not to our homepage. The link should also indicate that they are being directed to a Ron Hutchcraft Ministries website.
Example: Knowing What It Is To Be Broken from Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, Inc.
Please do not:
Use a Ron Hutchcraft Ministries article or resource title to link anywhere but directly to the corresponding Ron Hutchcraft Ministries article or resource.
Attribute a link on your site to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, and then link to somewhere else.
Infer that Ron Hutchcraft Ministries has in any way endorsed or approved or is in agreement with the content presented on your website.
Frame Ron Hutchcraft Ministries website content or resources on your website, or otherwise present the content as your own.
Use any images from a Ron Hutchcraft Ministries website on your site.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
Permission to link to Ron Hutchcraft Ministries websites is automatically granted if the above Website Linking Policy is followed.
Maintenance of Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone number, e-mail or postal address), or if you no longer desire to receive email updates etc., we provide a way to correct, update, or delete/deactivate such information.
To update your physical/mailing address or your email address, contact Ron Hutchcraft Ministries by mail or phone at the number provided below.
To remove yourself from any email lists, click the "Manage my subscription" link that is provided in every email you receive from us.
Changes to this Statement
Ron Hutchcraft Ministries reserves the right to make changes to this privacy statement and its associated policies at any time and requests that you review this statement periodically for updates.
This Privacy Statement was last updated on February 1, 2010.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about any information on this page, please contact Ron Hutchcraft Ministries online or by phone at (870) 741-3300.
Thank you!
GET IN TOUCH
Ron Hutchcraft MinistriesP.O. Box 400 Harrison, AR 72602-0400
(870) 741-3300(877) 741-1200 (toll-free)(870) 741-3400 (fax)
FIND OUT MORE
Home / About
What We Do / Resources
News / Blog / Store
Contact Us / Privacy Policy
Donate
STAY UPDATED
We have tons of amazing resources ready to be delivered to your inbox.
Don't worry, we will never share or sell your info.
Subscribe
Copyright 2020 - All Rights Reserved - Ron Hutchcraft Ministries
Back to top