https://okfoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma
Get HelpDonateVolunteerPlan your visitAgency Resource CenterCareers menuClick Here to Feed a Neighbor
Who We Are
About Us Board of Directors Feeding America Financials Privacy Policy Hunger by County Video/Media/News & Stories Our History
What We Do
Culinary Center Food Distribution Growtainers Food For Kids Programming Outreach Programs
Cooking Matters Food For Kids Programming Mobile Eatery Food Truck Mobile Pantry Senior Servings Veterans Outreach
Partner Agencies Retail Store Donation Program
Ways To Give
Campaigns for Our Cause Committed Giving
Breadwinners Feeding Hope Society
Corporate Giving Donate Now Fund & Food Drive Donation Updates Commercial / In-Kind Donations Volunteer
Get Involved
Ways to Engage
Take A Seat Food Bank U Race Against Hunger
Events Join a Group Volunteer Advocate
Contact
Contact Us Media Contact Staff Directory Tours and Speakers Shipping & Receiving
Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.okfoodbank.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Donor Privacy Policy
Understanding the extreme concern about the use of their personal information by the Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma and the desire to have this information kept confidential, the Food Bank seeks to assure the privacy of its donors. The Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma will not trade, share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else. This policy applies to all donations whether collected online or offline. The Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma will not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Changes to this privacy policy
Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma
http://www.okfoodbank.org
1304 N. Kenosha Ave., Tulsa, OK, 74106
918-585-2800
info@okofoodbank.org
Join Our Email List!First Name Last Name Email (required) * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Community Food
Bank of Eastern Oklahoma, 1304 N. Kenosha Ave, Tulsa, OK, 74106, http://www.okfoodbank.org/. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant ContactLocations Tulsa
918-585-2800
Fax: 918-585-2862
1304 N. Kenosha Avenue
Tulsa, OK, 74106
McAlester
918-429-7755
Fax: 918-585-2862
2119 N. Main Street
McAlester, OK, 74501
Hours of Operation Monday – Friday
8:00 A.M.-4:30 P.M.
Please call in advance before visiting the Food Bank to make sure the appropriate person is here to help you.
Closure Dates:
2020
January 1- New Year’s Day
January 20 – MLK Day
February 17 – Presidents’ Day
May 25 – Memorial Day
July 3 – Observe Independence Day
September 7 – Labor Day
November 26 & 27 – Thanksgiving
December 24 & 25 – Christmas
Donate
Volunteer
Get Help
© 2020 Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.