http://olivetreegenealogy.com/privacy.shtml
Your link to the past since February 1996! Search for your ancestors in free Ships' Passenger lists, Naturalization Records, Palatine Genealogy, Canadian Genealogy, American Genealogy, Native American Genealogy, Huguenots, Mennonites, Almshouse Records, Orphan Records, church records, military muster rolls, census records, land records and
more.  marks
FREE genealogy records.
Follow Olive Tree Genealogy
Olive Tree Genealogy was chosen by Family Tree Magazine as one of the 101 Best Genealogy Websites 2017!
Check out the Genealogy Books written by Olive Tree Genealogy!
Death Finds a Way: A Janie Riley Mystery by Lorine McGinnis Schulze
Janie Riley is an avid genealogist with a habit of stumbling on to dead bodies. She and her husband head to Salt Lake City Utah to research Janie's elusive 4th great-grandmother. But her search into the past leads her to a dark secret. Can she solve the mysteries of the past and the present before disaster strikes? Available now on Amazon.com and
and Amazon.ca
Organize Your Genealogy in Evernote in 10 Easy Steps is a must have!
Home | Immigration (Ships Passenger Lists, Naturalization, etc) | Genealogy Research Service
| Palatine Genealogy |
New Netherland | Loyalists |
Native American
|
Military | Book Nook | Photo Albums
| Almshouse
|
Insane Asylums | Huguenots | Mennonites
| Quakers | UK Ireland | Family Trees |
Canada | Genealogy Guide for Beginners
Search immigration records.
Search now
Try an Ancestry.com Free Trial
and
Ancestry.ca Free Trial
Genealogy Mystery Book!
Death Finds a Way: A Janie Riley Mystery
by Lorine McGinnis Schulze
Janie Riley is an avid genealogist with a habit of stumbling on to dead bodies. She and her husband head to Salt Lake City Utah to research Janie's elusive 4th great-grandmother. But her search into the past leads her to a dark secret. Can she solve the mysteries of the past and the present before disaster strikes? Available now on Amazon.com and Amazon.ca
AncestryDNA
Genealogy Newsletter
JOIN the FREE Olive Tree Genealogy Newsletter. Be the first to know of genealogy events and freebies. Find out when new genealogy databases are put online. Get tips for finding your elusive brick-wall ancestor.
Share With Others
Share with other genealogists! Tweet this page! Tweet
Search OliveTreeGenealogy
Search Fold3
Olive Tree Genealogy Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how
Olive Tree Genealogy uses and protects any information that you give
Olive Tree Genealogy
when you use this website, blog, or sign up for our monthly newsletter.
Olive Tree Genealogy
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Olive Tree Genealogy
may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from [date].
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
1. name
2. contact information including email address
3. demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
4. other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
1. We may use the information to improve our services.
2. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Ad Services
Olive Tree Genealogy uses Google Ad services to improve our content and keep it free. By integrating with Google, Olive Tree Genealogy shares information with them.
Please see Google's privacy policy
at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Olive Tree Genealogy is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com and Amazon.ca
Olive Tree Genealogy is also a participant in the Ancestry.com Associates program. Please see their privacy policy at
https://www.ancestry.com/cs/privacyphilosophy
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
1. whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website,
fill in as much or as little as you wish
2. if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information to send you our monthly newsletter, you may change your mind at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at olivetreegenealogy@gmail.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Don't leave without searching for your ancestors on Olive Tree Genealogy! Free Ships' Passenger lists, orphan records, almshouse records, JJ Cooke Shipping Lists, Irish Famine immigrants, family surnames, church records, military muster rolls, census records, land records and
more are free to help you find your brick-wall ancestor. Build your family tree quickly with Olive Tree Genealogy free records
URL: http://olivetreegenealogy.com/
All rights reserved
Copyright © 1996-presentThese pages may be freely linked to but not duplicated in any fashion without my written consent.
Home
Philosophy
Helping
FAQ
Link to Olive Tree
Library
Friends
Privacy Policy
Store
About Lorine
Awards, Interviews
About OliveTreeGenealogy
Contact Lorine at