https://olsc.org.uk/policy/british-values/
British Values
Section Menu
Policy
Admissions
Policies
Ofsted
DfE Performance Tables
Pupil Premium
Year 7 Catch Up Funding
Examinations
SEND/Local Offer
British Values
We promote the areas currently identified as British Values (individual liberty, democracy, rule of law, mutual respect and tolerance) within the curriculum and the wider ethos of the school. Specific days devoted to student values and wellbeing supplement the weekly programme of tutorial activities and themes, assemblies, and curriculum planning that ensure we prepare our students for life in a modern multicultural country.
Democracy
Pupils have the opportunity to have their voices heard, and suggestions implemented, through representation on our various student forums (House and School), charity committee and through curriculum area student surveys. Our students also take part in the elections for Head Boy and Head Girl where students vote and can be elected to serve as a member for one year.
The rule of law
The importance of laws and rules, whether those that govern teaching classes, or in the are consistently reinforced throughout the school day, as well as through tutorial time and school assemblies. Pupils are taught the value and reasons behind laws and rules, the responsibilities that this involves and the consequences when these are broken. Visits from authorities such as the Police, Ambulance, Prison, and Fire Service are regular parts of our calendar and help reinforce this message.
Individual liberty
Within school, pupils are actively encouraged to make good choices, knowing that they are in a safe and supportive environment. Students are encouraged to know, understand and exercise their rights and personal freedoms and are advised how to exercise these safely, for example through ICT (e-safety), and RE lessons.
Mutual respect
Our Catholic ethos is centred around core values of respect. Pupils have been part of discussions and assemblies related to what these mean and how they can be demonstrated through our Behaviour for Learning programme. We not only expect mutual respect between students, but also between adults working in the School and our students and this can be seen in action on a day to day basis.
Tolerance of those of different faiths, beliefs, and orientation
This is achieved through enhancing students’ understanding of their place in a diverse society and by giving them opportunities to experience such diversity. Assemblies and discussions involving prejudices and prejudicial actions are followed and supported by themes in some curriculum areas (e.g. ICT, History, English and RE) and in house tutor time.
PolicyAdmissionsPoliciesOfstedDfE Performance TablesPupil PremiumYear 7 Catch Up FundingExaminationsSEND/Local OfferBritish Values
School website powered by