http://oneyearbibleonline.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Select A Language & Version:
Albania
Albanian Bible
Arabic
Arabic Life Application Bible
Danish
Dette er Biblen på dansk
Bulgarian
1940 Bulgarian Bible
Bulgarian Bible
Chinese
Chinese Union Version (Traditional)
Chinese Union Version (Simplified)
Chinese Union Version (Modern Punctuation)
Croatian
Croatian Bible (New Testament)
Czech
Slovo na cestu (New Testament)
English
Use the DEFAULT at Bible Gateway
AMP Amplified Bible
AMPC Amplified Bible Classic
ASV American Standard
CEB Common English Bible
CEV Contemporary English
CJB Complete Jewish Bible
CSB Christian Standard Bible
DARBY Darby Translation
Douay-Rheims 1899 American Edition
EHV Evangelical Heritage Version
ERV Easy-to-Read Version
ESV English Standard
ESVUK English Standard Anglicised
EXB Expanded Bible
GNT Good News Translation
GNV 1599 Geneva Bible
GW GOD'S WORD Translation
HCSB Holman Christian Standard
ISV International Standard Version
JUB Jubilee Bible 2000
AKJV Authorized King James Version
KJV King James
KJ21 21st Century King James
KNOX Knox Bible
LEB Lexham English Bible
TLB The Living Bible
MEV Modern English Version
MSG The Message
NOG Names of God Bible
NASB New American Standard
NCV New Century
NET New English Translation (NET Bible)
NIV New International Version 2010
NIV84 NIV 1984 (No Longer Available)
NIV-RV New Intl Reader's Version
NIV-UK New Intl UK
NKJV New King James Version
NLT New Living Translation
NLV New Life Version
NRSV New Rev Std Version
NRSVA New Rev Std Version Anglicised
NRSVACE New Rev Std Vers Ang Catholic
NRSVCE New Rev Std Version Catholic Ed
RSV Revised Standard Version
Today's New International Version
VOICE The Voice
WEB World English Bible
WE Worldwide English (New Testament)
WYC Wycliffe New Testament (New Testament)
YLT Young's Literal Translation
Espanol
Biblia en Lenguaje Sencillo (New Testament)
Castilian (New Testament)
Comaltepec Chinantec (New Testament)
Dios Habla Hoy
La Biblia de las Americas
Nueva Version Internacional
Reina-Valera Antigua
Reina-Valera 1960
Reina-Valera 1995
French
La Bible du Semeur
Louis Segond
Segond 21
Nouvelle Edition de Geneve
German
Elberfelder
Hoffnung fur Alle (New Testament)
Luther Bibel 1545
Reimer 2001 (New Testament)
Greek
SBLGNT Greek (New Testament)
Guatemalan
Cakchiquel Occidental (New Testament)
Jacaltteco, Oriental (New Testament)
Kekchi (New Testament)
Mam de Todos Santos Cuchumatan (New Testament)
Uspanteco (New Testament)
West Central Quiche (New Testament)
Guerrero
Nahuatl de Guerrero (New Testament)
Haitian
Haitian Creole Version
Hebrew
The Westminister Leningrad Codex (Old Testament)
Hiligaynon (Philippines)
Hiligaynon Bible
Hungarian
Hungarian Károli
Iclandic
Icelandic Bible
Italian
Conferenza Episcopale Italiana
La Parola e Vita (New Testament)
La Nuova Diodati
Korean
KLB Korean Living Bible
Latin
Biblia Sacra Vulgata
Maori (New Zealand)
Maori Bible
Netherlands
Het Boek
Norwegian
Norsk
Polish
Nowe Przmierze (New Testament)
Slowo Zycia (New Testament)
Updated Gdansk Bible (New Testament)
Portugese
Joao Ferreira de Almeida Atualizada
O Livro
Russian
New Russian Translation
Russian Synodal Version
Slovo Zhizny (New Testament)
Slovak
Nadej pre kazdeho (New Testament)
Swahili
Swahili New Testament
Swedish
Svenska 1917
Levande Bibeln
Tagalog (Philippines)
Ang Salita ng Diyos (New Testament)
Ukranian
Ukranian
Vietnamese
1934 Vietnamese Bible
After setting the default version you can bookmark the page in order to save the version in the url as your default. Note: Certain languages and editions may not be fully translated.The Apocrypha books are not included in One Year readings.
Home
Add To Home Screen
One Year Readings
Daily One Year Readings
7 Day Readings
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Chronological Readings
Daily Chronological Readings
7 Day Readings
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Download Reading Plans
Download Reading Plans
Custom One Year Plan
Custom Chronological Plan
Other Links
Newsletter Sign Up
RSS Feeds
What The Bible Says About
Where To Look In Times Of Need
Who God Says I Am
One Year Bible Blog
Benefits Of Fasting
God Can Make A Difference
A Love Letter
Steps To Peace
Matthew Henry Commentary
Contact Us
Contact Us
Sponsor Sites
Biblica.com
ChristianBook.com
Amazon.com
Facebook
Twitter
Search for:
1. Privacy Statement
One Year® Bible Online, operates this oneyearbibleonline.com web site. One Year Bible Online regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical component of the service that we offer to our users. The following information explains our information gathering and dissemination practices.
2. Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you’d prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, although you may not be able to take full advantage of a web site if you do so. One Year Bible Online may utilize cookies to enhance your online experience by saving your preferences. Advertisers that display ads on our site may also use cookies and/or web beacons (or pixel tags). Pixel tags are typically transparent graphic images usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel that are displayed on a web site that monitors the behavior of a user visiting a web site. The type of information typically consists of the IP address of the computer, the current time, duration of visit, the type of browser and previously set cookie values. One Year Bible Online does not have access to the information obtained from third party advertiser cookies or pixel tags.
3. IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. One Year Bible Online will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information.
4. Referrers
A Referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server as “traffic data”. This information is used by One Year Bible Online to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
5. System Information
System information we collect as part of “traffic data” includes time, the type of web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information is sent automatically by your web browser when you are connected to a web site. This information is used by One Year Bible Online in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. You will not be personally identified from this information.
6. Other Web Sites and Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. The privacy practices of those web sites linked to oneyearbibleonline.com are not covered by this privacy statement and One Year Bible Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Additionally, if you make a purchase from a store or merchant listed on or linked to the oneyearbibleonline.com web site, any information that you give, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to those merchants. These merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices and One Year Bible Online has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any linked sites before signing up with and using them.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of oneyearbibleonline.com, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at:
One Year® Bible Online
509 East Gambier Street, Suite D
Mount Vernon, OH 43050
Contact: support@oneyearbibleonline.com
8. Third Party Advertising
This site utilizes third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice as well as information on how you can help protect your online privacy click here to visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website. For more information specific to Google’s privacy policy click here.
9. Modification of Privacy Policy By One Year® Bible Online
One Year Bible Online reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy Policy.