https://ontariospca.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
The Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (“Ontario SPCA”) is committed to protecting privacy and recognizes the significance of maintaining confidentiality, accuracy and security of personal information. This policy outlines, among other things, the type of personal information that is the subject of collection, how the information is maintained, and instances when the disclosure of personal information is permissible. This policy is subject to change in accordance with revisions to relevant legislation and, therefore, the Ontario SPCA recommends periodic visits to this website and/or contact with the Ontario SPCA’s Chief Privacy Officer.
According to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), personal information includes any factual or subjective information, recorded or not, about an identifiable individual. Information about an individual that is otherwise available to the public is not deemed to be personal information.
The collection of personal information by the Ontario SPCA via this website or otherwise is carried out in accordance with the following principles:
Accountability: The Ontario SPCA is accountable for the personal information it collects and is responsible for this information under its control. The Ontario SPCA has designated one or more individuals who shall be accountable for compliance with its policies related to privacy and confidentiality.
Identify the purpose: The Ontario SPCA will identify the purpose for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected. Any information collected will be used only for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
The Ontario SPCA will collect and use personal information necessary to process donations, issue tax receipts, to keep donors informed about the impact of their gift and the work of the Ontario SPCA, acknowledge and recognize donations, and comply with federal and provincial regulatory guidelines and reporting requirements.
In addition, The Ontario SPCA will collect and use personal information as required to perform program and services related to animal adoptions, spay/neuter services, humane education, animal care (ie: pet insurance, microchips) and enforcement support services.
Finally, the Ontario SPCA collects your IP address for statistical purposes only and does use cookies in some instances.
The type of information that the Ontario SPCA collects includes but is not limited to the following:
Contact information, such as name, telephone number, address and email address;
Financial information, including credit card and banking information;
Information pertaining to a donation, such as a donation amount, donation date, whether it was in honour of a particular individual/organization and details regarding participation in a special event;
Information pertaining to a program or services such as date, service description, fee , animal details and associated medical records.
Information pertaining to personal interests in particular campaigns.
Consent: The Ontario SPCA will request consent prior to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. Consent may be expressed explicitly (orally, electronically or in writing) or it may be implied (by an action). You may withdraw your consent or refuse to provide consent altogether. Once the Ontario SPCA is advised in writing that you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information (or no longer consent), it will halt the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information within a reasonable time.
Limiting Collection: The Ontario SPCA shall limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes as identified unless use is otherwise permitted or required by law.
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention: The Ontario SPCA shall not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected. The Ontario SPCA will retain the information for as long as is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. When destroying personal information, the Ontario SPCA will use safeguards to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to that information during the process.
Accuracy: The Ontario SPCA endeavours to maintain complete and accurate information. To the extent reasonably possible, the Ontario SPCA will exercise diligence to ensure that your information is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguards: The Ontario SPCA maintains appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect the information against loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. Access to this information is restricted to employees, agents and authorized service providers who need the information to fulfill the purpose for which the information was collected. The Ontario SPCA shall protect your personal information with security safeguards consistent with the sensitivity of the information. The Ontario SPCA will exercise reasonable care in the storage and destruction of personal information to prevent unauthorized access.
Openness: The Ontario SPCA will make its privacy policy and practices available upon written request. Upon written request, the Ontario SPCA shall make available specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Individual Access: You have the right to access the personal information the Ontario SPCA holds about you. Upon written request, the Ontario SPCA shall inform you of the existence, use and disclosure of personal information and provide access to that information at a reasonable cost and within a reasonable time.
Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices or your personal information in our possession, please contact the Ontario SPCA’s Privacy Officer at:
Ontario SPCA and Humane Society
16586 Woodbine Ave.
Stouffville, ON L4A 2W3
Phone: 1-888-668-7722
Email:  privacy@ospca.on.ca
Sign up for news and updates
Submit
Spam Control Text:
Please leave this field empty
Thank you for joining our online community.
Back to the top