http://openmeetinglaws.com/privacy-cautions.html
Open Meeting Laws 3d Ann Taylor Schwing
Home
Author
Contents
Recognition
Links
Order
Privacy/Cautions
Contact
Use of Your Information
We do not sell or share your information with anyone.
We collect your email address when you sign up for free online access or when you subscribe and it will only be used to contact you regarding your subscription or to send you the Open Meeting Laws Newsletter.
If you sign up to receive the Open Meeting Laws Newsletter, we collected your email address and it will be used to send you the newsletter and announcements of new editions or updates to Open Meeting Laws 3d. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every email.
We accept online payments only through PayPal. PayPal does not share your financial information with us.
Cautions
Do not rely on any content at this site as a substitute for
legal advice from a licensed attorney in your State. Small changes in facts can
make a big difference in how the law in your State applies to your situation. Moreover, laws in various States
are amended periodically, and amendments may not be included here. Always consult your own lawyer.
Your use of content on this site, in newsletters or other communications does not in itself
establish an attorney-client relationship with the author, publisher or any other person. Please do not email
confidential information. If you do, you might lose any applicable attorney-client
privilege in the information because we will not have an
attorney-client relationship.
All content at this site is presented AS-IS, WITH ALL
FAULTS, WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY NATURE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED; USE AT YOUR OWN
RISK.
Any views expressed here are the author's or publisher's and not
necessarily those of any client, person, firm or company.
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
©
2012-16 Ann Taylor Schwing, member of the State Bar of California. All rights
reserved.
© 2006-2020 Fathom Publishing Company