http://ourgeorgiahistory.com/privacypol.html
Our Georgia History
Today in Georgia History
This year in Georgia History
Georgia History 101
Early Georgia
Georgia Indians
Georgia Wars
Across the Dallas Road
People
Lists
Places
Poetry
Our Georgia History
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses all information gathering techniques and policies
on use of said information currently used by Our Georgia History.
This web site is created and managed by Golden
Ink, Inc., a Georgia Corporation.
Golden Ink solicits e-mail addresses for the purposes of further communication with a party.
Any e-mail address sent to Golden Ink is deemed confidential and will not be shared with any individual, organization, or corporation other than Golden Ink.
We will not contact any person who submits any e-mail address for any purpose
other than the original intended communication. Email addresses will not be
added to any future mailing lists, sold, or in any way disclosed to a third-party.
Golden Ink also collects mailing addresses for additional information by
mail. These addresses are used expressly for the purposes collected. Because
of the diversity of some of the locations involved mail may come from more
than one location, however, addresses collected through this means are never
divulged to any third-party.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page or
by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.)
If you have not opted out of third-party ad serving, the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on this site.
For further discussion on information you reveal to any webmaster, please see our page on Security, privacy, and browsers.
Return to Index
Front •
History 101 •
Early Georgia •
American Indians •
Search
Wars •
People •
Timeline •
Lists •
Places •
Poetry
All of the photographs, graphics and text on Our Georgia History (http://ourgeorgiahistory.com) are © Copyright 2001-2020 by Golden Ink unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.
For more information please see our Copyright policy
Golden InkGeorgia's
innovative design group
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Copyright