http://owldallas.org/privacy/
Privacy – Jane's blog
Skip to content
Jane's blog
santa barbara CA
Menu
About
Contact
Privacy
Privacy
Owldallas.org will be referred to as “Owldallas”. Owldallas cares about how your personal information is used and shared, and Owldallas takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the www. Owldallas.COM website and domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Owldallas in connection therewith (collectively, the “Website”), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers Owldallas’ conduct regarding personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that Owldallas gathers when you are accessing Owldallas’ Website and when you use Owldallas services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Owldallas does not own or control, or to individuals that Owldallas does not employ or manage.
What Personal Information does Owldallas Collect?
We gather information from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services. We collect the following types of information from our customers.
Personal Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or provide to us in any other way. The types of Personal Information collected may include your name, user name, email address, IP address, and browser information. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to interact with other users, improving the content of the Website, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features.
Personal Information Collected Automatically:
Owldallas automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested.
Our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components for purposes of analytics. Owldallas only uses this data in aggregate form, also understood as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data allows us to determine how often customers use parts of the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve those services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our site We share this type of statistical so that our partners understand how often people use their services and our Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. Again, Owldallas never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Owldallas cookies do not collect Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Website’s most attractive features.
Ads appearing on the Website may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Owldallas and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Personal Information about our customers is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Your Easy Guide to Secondary Glazing
What is Double Glazing
Ten Ways to Cut Your Electricity Bill
How To Fix A Leaky Roof
Exactly how to Guarantee your Windows Meet Building Laws
Recent CommentsArchives
January 2020
November 2019
September 2018
July 2016
April 2016
January 2016
December 2015
October 2015
September 2015
Categories
choosing a glazier
Definition
Electricity
florida
glazier
haIR
healthy
limousine
local business
London
motivation
over 50
Owls
Party bus
passion
prophesy
question
roofing
santa barbara CA
Secondary Glazing
Stockport
success
teeth whitening
weddings
welcome
window
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Libre by Automattic.