https://ownnsw.org.au/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
A A A
Become a Member
Join a Group
Donate
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 1 2020
G
Home › Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Older Women’s Network New South Wales
Our website address is www.ownnsw.org.au.
Older Women’s Network NSW (OWN NSW) takes your privacy very seriously.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our donors and supporters, and anyone else who interacts with us.
This policy is based on the Australian Privacy Principles issued in March 2014 under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and incorporates the May 2018 EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect, use, and store personal information to assist us with our work. The information stored is used typically to keep you informed, with your consent, about OWN NSW activities and news. We also store donor information to make sure we can contact you at any time about donor-related information.
What we use to collect the data
We may receive your data in the following ways:
Contact forms We will use your information to reply to your enquiry. This information is typically not stored unless necessary.
Donation form/Membership form Forms that you use to make a donation or payment are sent through third parties (eg Banks and Credit Card processing platforms). We keep a record of your information to update you about your donation or membership. Choosing to not share certain information with us may mean we are not able to process a receipt for your donation.
Email Subscription form If you wish to receive newsletters and other electronic updates, you can give your consent to opt-in via our website, email or other written request. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters and emails at any time (via unsubscribe links in the newsletter).
Stories/Story Bites If you submit a story or story bite, with your consent, we will store and publish it with your name or the pseudonym you choose. We will talk to you directly about this.
Cookies We may track your visit to our website by using ‘cookies’. A cookie is a piece of text that a website transfers to a browser file on your computer or device to help enhance your experience when visiting our website.
Analytics We collect analytical data to ensure that we do our best to display website information correctly and to the right audience. Analytics data is anonymous and no personal information is collected, like names, that will directly link you to geographic and demographic information that we collect.
Embedded content from other websites
Content on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We will never sell or ‘rent out’ your information to any third party. We do not purchase mailing lists. Disclosure of your personal information is only done under very strict limitations.
How long we retain your data
Personal data shall be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed.
What rights you have over your data
If you feel that we have stored any information about you, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact Us
Be in the know. SiGn Up For Our newsletter.
Thank you! You have successfully subscribed.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe Now
Women are traditional spinners - of tales, of cloth, or many fine things. May we in OWN continue to spin strong webs of support which create a safety net for older women's emotional and physical wellbeing; and create a sling from which to catapult into the wider community older women's aspirations for a better world.
- Noreen Hewett -
Older Women’s Network NSW
The Older Women’s Network in NSW believes in a society rich in social capital, where mutual respect and trust are paramount, where diversity and debate are valued and where people and their networks have a legitimate voice.
Search for:
Quick LinksBecome a Member
Donate
About Us
Our Work
Stories
News & Events
Subscribe
Get Involved
CONTACT US
Older Women’s Network NSW 8-10 Victoria Street, Newtown NSW 2042, Australia.
+61 – 2 – 9519 8044
info@ownnsw.org.au
FollowFollowFollow
Newsletter
Subscribe now
We acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land on which we work and live, and we pay our respects to Elders past and present.
We acknowledge the sorrow of the Stolen Generations and the impacts of colonisation on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples.
OWN NSW supports the Uluru Statement from the Heart, the call for a First Nation's Voice enshrined in the Australian Constitution and a Makarrata Commission to oversee agreement-making and truth-telling.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTEROur fortnightly newsletter dOWNtime will keep you informed of the issues and events concerning older women. Join the OWN community!
SUBSCRIBE!
Thank you! You have successfully subscribed.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Gmail
Search for:
HomeAbout Us
Our History Our Guiding Principles Meet our team Our Supporters & Partners Resources
Reports, papers, & publications Histories of OWN Useful Links Gallery
Contact Us
Our Work
Homelessness Wellbeing and Connectedness Financial Security Ageism Violence Against Women Abuse of Older People Special Projects
Stories
Menaka Pat Barbara Cate Story Bites
News & Events
Latest News Upcoming events
SubscribeGet Involved
Membership Join a Group Start a Group Send an e-card Volunteer
Contact UsDonate
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using the OWN NSW website, you accept our use of cookies.Accept