https://pafinc.org/privacy-policy-2/
Inspiring professional growth...one paralegal at a time. ®
Privacy & Refund Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://pafinc.org.
PafInc.org uses a member management system called iMembersDB.
Cancellation Policy
If you register for an Event or pay chapter dues using this website:
You may cancel your registration on-line using the same link registered at.
If you cannot cancel your registration online, contact one of the event moderators to request event cancellation, and include names of those cancelling and identify specified items being cancelled, along with contact information/phone number.
Cancellations are accepted up to five (5) days prior to the first day of the event or up to the date your chapter dues are due.
Refund Policy
If you are seeking a refund:
You must request a refund in writing or by email within 10 days of the event or due date of chapter dues.
Refunds will be handled on a case by case basis and only after approval by the Executive Board.
Upon approval, refunds will be made within 30-days of the initial request
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Use of Cookies
The PAF website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience and maintain the state of the session between requests. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize iMembersDB pages, or register with iMembersDB site or services, a cookie helps iMembersDB to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same iMembersDB website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the iMembersDB features that you customized.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website is instrumented with Google Analytics.  This software tracks the page views that you make.
Who we share your data with
No one.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Security of your Personal Information
iMembersDB uses a firewall to protect information stored on its computer systems. Access through the firewall is limited to certain “ports” and/or a restricted list of IPs.
iMembersDB also secures your personal information from unauthorized access via a secured login. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. iMembersDB does not store any credit card information on its servers. When paying by credit card, the merchant gateway (e.g., IPPay, PayPal, Authorize.net) may or may not store your credit card information.
Recent Posts
2021 State Elections Open
Corporate Sponsorship
Membership Renewals
Free Webinars!
In Brief – Spring 2020 Edition
State EventsFree Ethics and UP CLEDecember 14th 2020More infoTreasure Coast Chapter Board MeetingJanuary 13th 2021More info
Our Corporate Sponsors