https://pagemasterpublishing.ca/terms-conditions-use/
Terms and conditions of use
Home Page
/
Terms and conditions of use
Instant SSL
We have taken every effort to design our Web site to be useful, informative, helpful, honest and fun. Hopefully we’ve accomplished that — and would ask that you let us know if you’d like to see improvements or changes that would make it even easier for you to find the information you need and want.
All we ask is that you agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions. Take a few minutes to look them over because by using our site you automatically agree to them. Naturally, if you don’t agree, please do not use the site. We reserve the right to make any modifications that we deem necessary at any time. Please continue to check these terms to see what those changes may be! Your continued use of the PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Web site means that you accept those changes.
THANKS AGAIN FOR VISITING!
Restrictions on Use of Our Online Materials
All Online Materials on the PageMaster Publication Services Inc. site, including, without limitation, text, software, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, trade names, images, photos, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, and music are copyrighted intellectual property. All usage rights are owned and controlled by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. You, the visitor, may download Online Materials for non-commercial, personal use only provided you 1) retain all copyright, trademark and propriety notices, 2) you make no modifications to the materials, 3) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, events or brands, and 4) you do not download quantities of materials to a database, server, or personal computer for reuse for commercial purposes. You may not, however, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute Online Materials in any way or for any other purpose unless you get our written permission first. Neither may you add, delete, distort or misrepresent any content on the PageMaster Publication Services Inc. site. Any attempts to modify any Online Material, or to defeat or circumvent our security features is prohibited.
Everything you download, any software, plus all files, all images incorporated in or generated by the software, and all data accompanying it, is considered licensed to you by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. or third-party licensors for your personal, non-commercial home use only. We do not transfer title of the software to you. That means that we retain full and complete title to the software and to all of the associated intellectual-property rights. You’re not allowed to redistribute or sell the material or to reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise convert it to any other form that people can use.
Submitting Your Online Material to Us
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to PageMaster Publication Services Inc. through our site (other than information we promise to protect under our privacy policy becomes and remains our property, even if this agreement is later terminated.
That means that we don’t have to treat any such submission as confidential. You can’t sue us for using ideas you submit. If we use them, or anything like them, we don’t have to pay you or anyone else for them. We will have the exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. We can use them for any purpose we deem appropriate to our PageMaster Publication Services Inc. mission, without compensating you or anyone else for them.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Limitation of Liability
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY THAT ACCOMPANY OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF ANY OF ITS SITE.
THESE INCLUDE (BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO) DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY:
USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SITE
USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) ANY SITE TO WHICH YOU HYPERLINK FROM OUR SITE
FAILURE OF OUR SITE TO PERFORM IN THE MANNER YOU EXPECTED OR DESIRED
ERROR ON OUR SITE
OMISSION ON OUR SITE
INTERRUPTION OF AVAILABILITY OF OUR SITE
DEFECT ON OUR SITE
DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OF OUR SITE
COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE FAILURE
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING:
DAMAGES INTENDED TO COMPENSATE SOMEONE DIRECTLY FOR A LOSS OR INJURY
DAMAGES REASONABLY EXPECTED TO RESULT FROM A LOSS OR INJURY (KNOWN IN LEGAL TERMS AS “CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.”)
OTHER MISCELLANEOUS DAMAGES AND EXPENSES RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM A LOSS OR INJURY (KNOWN IN LEGAL TERMS AS “INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.”)
WE ARE NOT LIABLE EVEN IF WE’VE BEEN NEGLIGENT OR IF OUR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR BOTH.
EXCEPTION: CERTAIN Province LAWS MAY NOT ALLOW US TO LIMIT OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR THESE “INCIDENTAL” OR “CONSEQUENTIAL” DAMAGES. IF YOU LIVE IN ONE OF THOSE ProvinceS, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OBVIOUSLY WOULD NOT APPLY WHICH WOULD MEAN THAT YOU MIGHT HAVE THE RIGHT TO RECOVER THESE TYPES OF DAMAGES.
HOWEVER, IN ANY EVENT, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, INJURIES, AND CLAIMS OF ANY AND EVERY KIND (WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED UNDER THE TERMS OF A CONTRACT, OR CLAIMED TO BE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER WRONGFUL CONDUCT, OR THEY’RE CLAIMED UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY) WILL NOT BE GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT YOU PAID IF ANYTHING TO ACCESS OUR SITE.
Links to Other Sites
We sometimes provide referrals to and links to other World Wide Web sites from our site. Such a link should not be seen as an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites you can access through our site. If in doubt, always check the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) address provided in your WWW browser to see if you are still in a PageMaster Publication Services Inc.-operated site or have moved to another site. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is not responsible for the content or practices of third party sites that may be linked to our site. When PageMaster Publication Services Inc. provides links or references to other Web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is connected with, operates or controls these Web sites. Any approved link must not represent in any way, either explicitly or by implication, that you have received the endorsement, sponsorship or support of any PageMaster Publication Services Inc. site or endorsement, sponsorship or support of PageMaster Publication Services Inc., including its respective employees, agents or directors.
Termination of This Agreement
This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time, by destroying all materials obtained from all PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Web site, along with all related documentation and all copies and installations. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may terminate this agreement at any time and without notice to you, if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials. In addition, by providing material on our Web site, we do not in any way promise that the materials will remain available to you. And PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is entitled to terminate all or any part of any of its Web site without notice to you.
Jurisdiction and Other Points to Consider
If you use our site from locations outside of Canada, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Alberta, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such jurisdiction.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and/or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any Province or federal court in the Province of Alberta, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Edmonton, Canada. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Edmonton, Canada under the rules of the Canadian Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may modify these Terms of Use, and the agreement they create, at any time, simply by updating this posting and without notice to you. This is the ENTIRE agreement regarding all the matters that have been discussed.
SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT
The Web site located at  PageMaster.ca  (“Site”) is provided by PageMaster Publication Services. Your access to and use of the Site is governed by this Subscriber Agreement (“Agreement”). As used in this Agreement, “PageMaster Publication Services Inc.,” “we,” “us'” or “our” refers to PageMaster Publication Services Inc., and “you” or “your” refers to you, the user of the Site. The Agreement below is the agreement you consented to upon subscribing to the site. The Agreement does not apply to use of the publicly available Web Site maintained by PageMaster Publication Services.
1. Access and Passwords
As part of the subscription process for this Site, you have selected or been assigned a particular username and password in accordance with PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s username and password guidelines. YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE THE ONLY INDIVIDUAL ENTITLED TO ACCESS THE SITE USING YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO PERMIT OTHERS TO ACCESS THE SITE USING YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD. You agree that all actions taken by you, or any other user that accesses the Site using your username and password, at or through the Site will be attributed to and legally bind you, even with respect to acts for which the user had no actual authority or made an error. You assume all resulting liability from use of the Site and any services available on it by you or others using your username or password. If you lose your username or password, please contact us at:
2. Subscription Fees and Payments
You can always find the current Subscription Fees posted on our site. Your subscription will continue and renew automatically, unless terminated by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. or until you notify PageMaster Publication Services Inc. by email or as designated on the Site of your decision to terminate your subscription. If there are any annual, monthly, or similar periodic fees for your subscription, these fees will be billed automatically to the credit card designated during the registration process for the Site or subsequently designated by you to PageMaster Publication Services Inc., at the start of the annual, monthly, or similar period, and at the start of each renewal period, unless you terminate your subscription before the relevant period begins. You agree to pay or have paid all fees and charges incurred in connection with your username and password for the Site (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. All fees and charges are nonrefundable. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may change the fees and charges then in effect, or add new fees or charges, by giving you notice in advance. All fees and charges incurred in connection with your PageMaster Publication Services Inc. username and password will be billed to the credit card designated during the registration process for the Site or subsequently designated by you to PageMaster Publication Services Inc. If you want to designate a different card or there is a change in credit card validity or expiration date, or if you believe someone has accessed the Site using your username and password without your authorization, you may email us at hello@pagemaster.ca . You are also responsible for any fees or charges incurred to access the Site through an Internet service provider or other third party service. YOU, AND NOT PageMaster Publication Services Inc., ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY AMOUNTS BILLED TO YOUR CREDIT CARD BY A THIRD PARTY WHICH WERE NOT AUTHORIZED BY YOU.
3. Privacy
Our Privacy Notice is a part of this Agreement and its terms are incorporated herein by this reference. Please read it now at the link on our site.
4. User Conduct
The Site may contain bulletin board services, news groups, forums, and/or other message or communication facilities (“Communication Services”) designed to enable you to communicate with others. You agree to use the Communication Services only to submit or post messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the particular Communication Service. You are also prohibited from submitting to, posting or transmitting through PageMaster Publication Services Inc. any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, Province, national, or international law. Content that consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam” is prohibited. You may not use a false email or postal address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your posted content.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of the content expressed or made available by third parties are those of the respective authors or distributors and not of PageMaster Publication Services Inc. nor its affiliates, not any of their officers, directors, employees, or agents. You acknowledge that PageMaster Publication Services Inc. does not pre-screen all content, but that PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any content that is made available via the Communication Services. Without limiting the foregoing, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable. You specifically agree that PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in the Site by any third party.
5. Copyright and Restrictions
This Web site contains proprietary material of PageMaster Publication Services Inc. (or material that other suppliers have licensed to PageMaster Publication Services Inc. for their use) which is protected by copyright and other laws respecting proprietary rights. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. retains all rights in the material and media, including (without limitation) all copyright and other proprietary rights worldwide in all media. You may not use PageMaster Publication Services Inc. except as expressly permitted under this Agreement and under Canadian copyright laws. Any routine and/or systematic redistribution of any portion of the products licensed herein is expressly prohibited.
End users who are duly authorized may Access PageMaster Publication Services Inc. for individual use, i.e., may view the information on screen; may download small portions of the information to a computer disk for personal convenience and later reference; and may print paper copies of small portions for personal use only.
The rights granted here are an expansion of the rights granted under the Copyright Act and do not include any rights to reproduce in its entirety any portion of the information or materials contained therein. No part of the information may be duplicated in any medium or format beyond the express terms of this Agreement without prior written authorization from PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Any use not authorized by the Agreement is prohibited and is not a fair use under Canadian copyright law.
You acknowledge that the information (and the licensed materials contained therein) is highly proprietary in nature and that unauthorized copying, transfer or use may cause PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and/or PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s suppliers irreparable injury that cannot be adequately compensated for by means of monetary damages. You agree that any breach of this provision by you, or any subscriber or end-user, may be enforced by PageMaster Publication Services Inc., and/or any of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s suppliers, by means of equitable relief (including, but not limited to, injunctive relief) in addition to any other available rights and remedies.
You agree that any supplier of any portion of the licensed materials may enforce its rights against you, even though that supplier is not a party to the Agreement.
You may not and may not permit others to: reproduce, publish, distribute, sell, or otherwise access or use any material retrieved from or contained in or on this Site in any manner whatsoever that may infringe any copyright or proprietary interest of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.; distribute the information contained in and/on this Site to other users not duly authorized to Access the Site; distribute, rent, sublicense, lease, transfer or assign the information or Agreement; decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse-engineer this Site or information contained in or on this Site or any software contained therein, or alter, translate, modify, or adapt it to create derivative works. Unauthorized reproduction, transfer, and/or use may be a violation of criminal as well as civil law.
You are expressly prohibited from placing or installing any portion of the information on any electronic media, including, but not limited to, local or wide area networks, timesharing services, multiple processing units, multiple site arrangements, service or software rental bureaus, list servers, online services, electronic bulletin boards or forums, World Wide Web sites or any other server that is Internet-enabled, without written authorization by PageMaster Publication Services Inc..
If you breach any provision of this Agreement, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may immediately terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted hereunder without prior notice and in addition to any other available rights and remedies
6. Limitations on Use
The following activities are prohibited. You agree not to:
Use Web-accelerated browsers or products (including but not limited to NetJet, NetSonic, MSIECrawler and Teleport-Pro), or other applications that are capable of copying large portions of content from the Site. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. can detect the use of these systems through live logfile analysis and will ban any future use by offenders.
Use robots and crawlers, or similar technology, without following the robot guidelines (found at http://info.webcrawler.com/mak/projects/robots.html). We are able to detect robots violating the guidelines and we will ban any offenders. If you are using a robot/crawler to check PageMaster Publication Services links, it must operate according to the robot guidelines (see above). Do not leave new robots unattended and allow a minimum of 1 minute between automated requests.
Use any device, software or routine or the like to interfere or attempt to interfere with any Site functionality;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site infrastructure;
Use any email addresses appearing on the Site for purposes not relating specifically to the Site;
Access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by PageMaster Publication Services, or attempt or access any area of the Site to which your access is not authorized; or
Reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code relating the Site, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
7. Accuracy and Availability of Information
The Site contains database information and other content compiled by PageMaster Publication Services. While we use commercially reasonable efforts to provide accurate information, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. gives no warranty as to the accuracy of the database and other content on the Site. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. reserves the right to withdraw or delete information or content from the Site at any time.
8. Links to Third Party Sites
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. does not endorse the content on any third-party Web site, including Web sites of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s affiliates (“Third-Party Sites”). PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is not responsible for the content of Third-Party Sites that you reach through links on the Site, sites framed within the Site, or third-party advertisements on the Site, and we do not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of Third-Party Sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Any transaction that you conduct at a Third-Party site will be between you and the party providing that Web site. This means that PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is not your agent and is not a party to any transaction at a Third-Party Site.
9. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant to PageMaster Publication Services Inc. that: (a) you possess the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement; (b) all information submitted by you to the Site is true and accurate; (c) you will be responsible for all use of your username and password even if such use was conducted without your authority or permission; (d) you are at least 18 years old; and (e) you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.
10. Disclaimer of Warranties
ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, AND OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED AT OR FOUND WITHIN THIS SITE BY PageMaster Publication Services Inc. AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS,” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND PageMaster Publication Services Inc. AND ITS AFFILIATES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. SPECIFICALLY, BUT WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE FOLLOWING: (a) AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME; (b) ACCURACY OF THE CONTENT OR HOW CURRENT ANY CONTENT IS THAT IS FOUND ON THE SITE; (c) TRANSMISSIONS TO, FROM OR WITHIN THE SITE; (d) FUNCTIONALITY; (e) LACK OF VIRUSES; (f) COMPLIANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND CONTENT PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH CANADA, FEDERAL OR PROVINCIAL LAWS; OR (g) THAT THE SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR SERVICES CONTAINED IN THE SITE WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR CRITERIA OF PERFORMANCE OR QUALITY.
11. Limitation of Damages
IN NO EVENT WILL PageMaster Publication Services Inc. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT, BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR BREACH OF WARRANTY, AND EVEN IF PageMaster Publication Services Inc. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
12. Limitation of Liability; Exclusive Remedy
ALSO, IN NO EVENT WILL PageMaster Publication Services Inc. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU AND/OR ANY AGENCY FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF THE TOTAL DOLLAR AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY PageMaster Publication Services Inc. FROM YOU FOR ACCESS TO THE SITE AND ANY OF THE SERVICES AVAILABLE AT THE SITE DURING THE YEAR PRIOR TO YOUR CLAIM.
13. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, and pay our attorney’s fees and costs, if we become liable for or incur any damages in connection with your breach of this Agreement. You may not settle any dispute without our prior consent, which may only be given in a non-electronic writing signed by an authorized representative of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.
14. Consent to Electronic Notices and Other Communications
You agree that all of your transactions relating to the Site may, at our option, be conducted electronically, including any that we are otherwise required to provide in “writing”. For example, we may send you notices via postings at the Site or via email to any email address that you provide to us during registration as a Site member. If you do not wish to deal with us electronically, you should not use the Site or enter into this Agreement. If applicable law now or later requires us to communicate with you non-electronically, we reserve the right to charge a fee for doing so. Notice will be deemed given 24 hours after the email is sent, unless (for email) we are notified that the email address is invalid. Alternatively, we may give you notice by mail to the address provided during registration.
15. Print a Copy for Your Records
You agree to print or make an electronic copy of this Agreement (and any amendment from time to time) and retain it in your records. You also agree to make a copy of any other information that we deliver to you in writing.
16. Termination
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may terminate your subscription and/or access, or suspend access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that PageMaster Publication Services Inc., in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of this Agreement, any applicable law, or any act which is harmful to the interests of another user, service provider, or PageMaster Publication Services Inc. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may also elect not to renew your subscription and access by providing a notice of non-renewal prior to the end of your current subscription term. Applicable sections of this agreement will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
17. Assignment
You agree not to assign your rights under this Agreement without the consent of an authorized representative of PageMaster Publication Services Inc. in a non-electronic record, and any assignment without PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s consent will be voidable at PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s option. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and bind the parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns.
18. Applicable Law and Disputes
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and/or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any Province or federal court in the Province of Alberta, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Edmonton, Canada. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Edmonton, Canada under the rules of the Canadian Arbitration Association. Judgement upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
19. Amendments
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. may change the provisions of this Agreement. When PageMaster Publication Services Inc. changes the terms of this Agreement, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. will notify you by email or online postings on this Site. The changes will also appear in this document, which you can access any time. You already agreed to be bound by the changes when you first subscribed to the site. If you do not agree to be bound by the changes, you should not use the Site again and you should cancel your subscription to the Site. Even if you have not clicked on the “I Agree” button or checked the I agree box when subscribing, if you use the Site after you have been notified of a change to this Agreement, you are agreeing now to be bound by that change.
20. Entire Agreement; Severability; No Waiver
This Agreement (including all documents incorporated by reference) is the entire agreement between the parties for its subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications between the parties. No term of this Agreement may be waived by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. except in a signed, non-electronic writing signed by an authorized representative of PageMaster Publication Services Inc..
21. General
If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties agree that its remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect, provided that the allocation of risks described herein is given effect to the fullest extent possible. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and PageMaster Publication Services Inc. or its affiliates as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site.
AFFILIATE AGREEMENT
This agreement describes the entire terms and conditions for participation in the PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Affiliate Program. In this agreement, the term “Participant” refers to you (the applicant), and “sponsoring web site” refers to the web site from which you will link to us.
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest including all intellectual property rights in and to the contents, logos, style, design, look and feel, trade names, trademarks to all literary works, computer software programs, products, goods and services (including and all future versions thereof) currently entitled the (“Product”). Product refers to the singular as well as the plural.
You can add or remove links any time you wish:
You may add as many links to our site, or remove such links, at any time and without prior approval from PageMaster Publication Services Inc.
Affiliate Sales Commissions:
If, as a result of a direct advertising effort of the Affiliate, a referred customer of the Affiliate orders and pays for the Product or other goods or services sold by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. in the future, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. shall pay the Affiliate a sales commission determined in accordance with the Affiliate Compensation Schedule which is set forth in this Agreement and which forms an integral part of it. The commission is based upon the paid selling price of the purchased goods or services before tax and excluding returns (“Sales Commission”).
The purchase price of qualifying sales will count toward the total sales during the calendar month in which such sales are made. Only qualifying sales of the Product, to a customer and for which PageMaster Publication Services Inc. has received full payment will qualify for the specified referral fee.
The total of such sales in any given month will generate commissions, based upon the following schedule:
Affiliate payments are made on the 1st of every month, via Paypal only.
Affiliate commissions are only calculated for sales that have already passed the allowed refund period (guarantee period) for the respective products.
The actual payment day may vary slightly due to public holidays, weekends and other non-working days, as well as any technical difficulties and availability of Internet connection.
Participant can check the status of commissions earned at any time by visiting the site at the link provided on our site: https://PageMasterPublishing.ca/affiliates
If a refund is requested by a customer on a qualifying sale, its referral fee will be deducted from the next monthly payment sent to the Participant. If there is no next monthly payment, the Participant will be billed.
Delivery and Order Processing:
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. will be solely responsible for processing every order placed by a customer following a special link from the sponsoring web site. Order forms, payment processing, shipping, cancellations, returns, and related customer service are the responsibility of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.
All of the rules, operating procedures and policies of PageMaster Publication Services Inc. regarding customer orders and accounts will apply to orders we receive through special links on your sponsoring web site. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. reserves the right to reject any order at its sole discretion.
Copyrighted Material:
The participant is solely responsible for ensuring that your reviews and descriptions comply with all applicable copyright and other laws and shall hold PageMaster Publication Services Inc. harmless for any violations thereof.
Customers of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.:
Every customer who purchases a product is deemed to be a customer of PageMaster Publication Services Inc. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. is not responsible for any representations made by the Participant which contradict our policies.
Pricing and Availability:
All prices shall be established by PageMaster Publication Services Inc. In case of any price discrepancies, the price charged to the customer will always be the price listed on the web page linked from your sponsoring web site.
Operation of Web site and Processing:
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. will make all reasonable efforts to keep its web site operational. However, certain technical difficulties may, from time to time, result in temporary service interruptions. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. shall not be liable for any of the consequences of service interruptions, which may occur.
Modification and Cancellation:
PageMaster Publication Services Inc. reserves the right to change any of the terms and conditions in this agreement, at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting said new terms on this web site. Said modifications shall be deemed accepted by participant.
Independent Contractors:
Participant of PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s affiliate program are independent contractors and nothing in this agreement is intended to or will create any form of partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative or employment relationship between the parties.
Term and Termination
The term of this Agreement will begin when you accept and will end when terminated by either party. Either PageMaster Publication Services Inc. or you may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written notice of termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, all licenses granted hereunder shall immediately terminate and you will immediately cease use of, and remove from Affiliate’s Web Site, all links to the PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Site, and all PageMaster Publication Services Inc. trademarks and logos, other PageMaster Publication Services Inc. Marks and all other materials provided in connection with this Agreement.
We may reject your application or terminate you if we determine (in our sole discretion) that your site is unsuitable for the Program for any reason, including, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, sexually explicit harassing, or racially, ethically, or otherwise objectionable, such as sites that:
Promote sexually explicit materials; Promote violence; Promote discrimination based on sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; Promote illegal activities; or
Infringe or otherwise violate any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights.
Compliance with Applicable Laws
You are solely responsible for the accuracy and appropriateness of all materials posted on Affiliate’s Web Site, and for ensuring that your activities and materials posted on Affiliate’s Web Site are not defamatory, in violation of copyright laws or otherwise illegal. You agree to indemnify and hold PageMaster Publication Services Inc. harmless for any violations of the foregoing. PageMaster Publication Services Inc. disclaims all liability for these matters.
Limitations of Liability
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, PageMaster Publication Services Inc. WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED REVENUE, PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS), EVEN IF PageMaster Publication Services Inc. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL PageMaster Publication Services Inc.’s CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, EXCEED THE TOTAL REFERRAL FEES PAYABLE TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
Disclaimers
We make no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the Affiliate Program or your potential to earn income from the Affiliate Program. In addition, we make no representation that the operation of our site or the Affiliate Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors.
Mediation & Arbitration
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Edmonton, Canada. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Edmonton, Canada, under the rules of the Canadian Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so. Mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
Miscellaneous
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements. This Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the parties. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the other has not made any representations, warranties or agreements of any kind, except as expressly set forth herein.
Assignment. You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement to any party.
Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of Malaysia without regard to the conflicts of laws, rules and principles thereof.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary such that the intent of the parties is effectuated, and the remainder of this agreement shall have full force and effect.
Notices. Any notice required under this Agreement may be given by email, fax or written letter to the number or address you provide.
You acknowledge that you have read this agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. You have independently evaluated this program and are not relying on any representation, guarantee or statement other than as set forth in this agreement.
DISCLAIMER
Every effort has been made to accurately represent this product and it’s potential. Even though this industry is one of the few where one can write their own check in terms of earnings, there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques and ideas in these materials. Examples in these materials are not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings.
Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas and techniques. We do not purport this as a “get rich scheme.”
Any claims made of actual earnings or examples of actual results can be verified upon request. Your level of success in attaining the results claimed in our materials depends on the time you devote to the program, ideas and techniques mentioned, your finances, knowledge and various skills.
Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or income level. Nor are we responsible for any of your actions.
Materials in our product and our website may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities litigation reform act of 1995.
Forward-looking
Statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a description of potential earnings or financial performance.
Any and all forward looking statements here or on any of our sales material are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours or anyone else, in fact no guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our ideas and techniques in our material.
Contacting Us
You can easily contact us at: hello@pagemaster.ca
Our physical address and contact details are as below:
PageMaster Publication Services Inc
11340 120 Street
Edmonton Alberta
T5G 0W5
Call 780.425.9303
MenuShipping & Returns
Contact PageMaster
Satisfaction Guaranteed
PageMaster Privacy Policy
Promote, Become an Affiliate
Terms and conditions of use
My Account
Payment Options
Copyright 2018 - PageMaster Publication Services Inc.
See Artists and Authors