https://pamelamaggied.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Pamela N. Maggied, Co., LPA,  may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our Web site, www.pamelamaggied.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We do not collect sensitive data, including credit card information, through our website.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company.
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Links
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (614) 464-2236.
Contact UsUse the convenient form below to contact us. Note: The red asterisk (*) indicates a required field.Name *Phone number *No spaces, dashes or dots (i.e. 6145555555)E-mail *EmailConfirm EmailWhat is the amount of your debt?Questions or commentsCommentGet in Touch
PAMELA N. MAGGIED CO., LPA
11 East Gay Street, Suite 302
Columbus, Ohio 43215
PHONE: 614.464.2236
FAX: 614.464.3823
EMAIL: maggiedlaw@pamelamaggied.com
TESTIMONIALSDIRECTIONS
MENU
Home
About
Practice Areas
FAQs
Reviews
Location/Parking
Contact