http://pamojacharity.org/privacy-statement/
Home
About Us
Our Ministries
News
Donate
Stannard
Governance
Privacy Statement
Contact
Privacy Statement
At Pamoja we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We aim to only make responsible use of your data.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this policy from time to time so please check our web page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@pamojacharity.org or by writing to Pamoja, P O Box 341, Eastleigh, SO53 2RJ.
Who are we?
Pamoja is a registered charity (no. 1085466). The registered address is Pamoja, P O Box 341, Eastleigh, SO53 2RJ.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you fill in our standing order form for the bank, our gift aid form or when you want to receive information about child sponsorship, our newsletters and emails telling you about the work that we are doing.
What type of information is collected from you?
The type of information we collect from you is your name, postal address, email address, telephone numbers, bank details and whether you are a tax payer or not. When you fill in our standing order form, we send this to your bank so do not keep records of your bank details.
Most of the data we collect about you is stored on encrypted databases for your security.  All access to the databases is restricted only to authorised personnel.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process a donation you have made
Send you communications which you have requested or that may be of interest to you. These may include updates on the work of Pamoja, appeals or other fund raising activities.
Notify you of changes within Pamoja or how it operates.
Inform you of Annual General Meetings.
Further our charitable aims.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid).  We will hold your personal information on our systems for up to 10 years after your last donation or expression of interest.
Consent
By providing us with your personal information you consent to the collection and use of that information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy policy.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We do not work with third party service providers. However, if you sponsor a child, we do disclose your name (first name and surname) to our Kenyan staff for the purpose of encouraging the sponsored children to write to their sponsors using your name, unless you ask us not to. Please be assured that we will not release your information beyond the Pamoja network.
When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
Data Protection – Your rights of Access
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive communications from us about the vital work we are doing in Kenya and about the activities that Pamoja is involved in then please contact us by emailing info@pamojacharity.org. If you would like information about you deleted from our records, then please email us at info@pamojacharity.org.  If you would like to know what information we are holding about you then please email us at info@pamojacharity.org. or write to P O Box 341, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 2RJ. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Pamoja holds about you (we may charge a small fee of £5 to cover our time and postage when dealing with this request).
Updating your information?
If you change postal address, email address, telephone number or if any of the other relevant information we hold is inaccurate or out of date then please email us at info@pamojacharity.org. Security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information.
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us via email. And you do so at your own risk. Whilst we endeavour to keep our systems and communications protected against viruses and other harmful effects we cannot bear responsibility for all communications being virus-free. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.  Our personal computers and Dropbox folders that we use for the work of Pamoja are all password protected.
Profiling
We do not collect any information about for the purpose of profiling and do not participate in any profiling activities.
Use of “cookies”
Like many other websites, the Pamojacharity website uses cookies. “Cookies“ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit.  They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. The use of cookies does not give us access to the rest of your computer or to personal information about you.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access the using links from our website.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
The information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (EU). For example – Pamoja works with Pamoja Development Projects in Kenya. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you are agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing.  If we transfer your information outside the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that the minimum necessary personal data is shared and appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.
Review of this policy
We keep this policy under regular review. Pamoja reserves the right to amend this privacy statement. The most up to date version will be available on our website. This policy was last updated on Jan 2018.
pamojacharity.org
UK Registered Charity #1085466 | Kenyan NGO