http://paralegaltoday.com/legal-terms/
Legal Terms
October 10, 2020
Posts
Comments
Paralegal TodayThe Online Information Source for Paralegal Professionals
Home
Current Issue
Past Issues
Read Past Issues
Buy Past Issues
Job Board
Add a Listing
Jobs
Forms
Industry Events
Add Event
Events
Resources
Associations
Legal Technology
Paralegal Schools
Subscriber Notice
Articles
Advertisers
Advertising Overview
Market Analysis
Circulation
Salary Surveys
About Us
Our Staff
About Paralegal Today
Paralegal Today Overview
Press Releases
Opportunities
Contact Us
Conexion International Media, Inc.
Editorial Information
Editorial Overview
Editorial Guidelines & Standards
Website Information
Privacy Policy
Legal Terms
Members
Members Area
Member Login
Contact Us
You are here: Home / Legal TermsLegal Terms
The terms and conditions for accessing the website
All content on this Site is protected by U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws, and is the property of Conexion International Media, Inc., or third party owners from whom we license materials solely for our use. The trademarks and logos displayed on this Site, including, Paralegal Today and various other product names and logos are registered trademarks of Conexion International Media, Inc., The trademarks of third parties, including our advertisers, may also appear on this Site. Unauthorized use, publication or exploitation of text, images or other content on this Site is unlawful and you are expressly prohibited from using, copying, reproducing, republishing, modifying, uploading, posting, transmitting, distributing or displaying, publicly or otherwise, any copyrighted or trademarked material contained on this Site for any purpose.
Your access to, use and browsing on this Site is voluntary and is undertaken at your own risk, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein and to all applicable laws. By accessing, using and browsing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions contained herein. Neither Paralegal Today, Conexion International Media, Inc., its affiliates, nor any third party involved in the creation, production, presentation or delivery of this Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of this Site. While we use reasonable efforts to include accurate information, we are not liable for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site and expressly disclaim any liability for damages associated with your reliance on information provided on the Site and for any content contained in third party sites linked to this Site. Your linking to any other sites from this website is at your own risk. We also assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, browsing on this Site or your downloading of any materials or data from this Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, all content on this Site is provided to you “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANYTHING EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONTENT ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply in every jurisdiction.
By using this Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms, please do not use our website. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes. We reserve the right to revoke any and all access and use authorization granted to Site visitors.
Featured Job Posting
Litigation Paralegal - Boeing, Arlington VA
Job Description
The world's leading aerospace company is seeking a Litigation Paralegal: to join the Law Department in our … Continue
International Practice Management Association (IPMA)
American Association for Paralegal Education (AAfPE)
Upcoming Events
ALA 2019 Annual Conference & ExpoEvent Description:
Takes place April 14 - 17, Read more
1
Follow Us!
Navigation Help
Sitemap
Return to top of page | Site Map
Copyright © 2020 · Paralegal Today · Website by YourWebsiteDude.com · Log in