https://parentingpath.org/how-to-help/resilience-society-giving-circles.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
COVID-19 and The Parenting PATH
Supporting Our Local Community
Stokes/Surry Community Partners
Locations
Forsyth Center
Surry County Office
Mission & History
Board of Directors
Our Leadership
Frequent Questions
Outcomes
Contact Us
What We Do
Our Programs
Programs & Services
Co-Parenting for Healthy Children
Clinical Services
Abuse Reactive Therapy
Intensive Family Preservation Services (IFPS)
Fathers
Parent Aide
Parent/Teen Solutions (PTS)
Parent Support
Peaceful Alternatives to Tough Situations (PATTS)
Positive Effective Parenting (PEP)
Respite
Supervised Visitation and Monitored Exchange
Supervised Visitation for Domestic Violence
Welcome Baby
Introduction
Under 5
Prevention
Success Stories
Triple P Online
How To Help
Donate
In-Kind Donations
Resilience Society Giving
Volunteer
Community Partners
2020 Angel Tree
News & Events
Event Calendar
Classes Offered
Photo Gallery
Join Our Mailing List
Annual Pinwheel Gala
Putting with The Parenting PATH Golf Tournament
Battle of the Bowls Chicken Stew
Springtime In Paris
Portal
Employee Portal Login
Resilience Society
Resilience, as defined by Webster’s Dictionary is “the capability of a strained body to recover its size and shape after deformation caused especially by compressive stress” or more simply put “an ability to recover from or adjust easily to misfortune or change”. At The Parenting PATH we provide programs that treat and prevent child abuse and neglect in our community. Too often traumatic events experienced by young children are left untreated and result in lasting effects on the child’s mental and physical well-being. Understanding how the body can recover from these events has allowed us to facilitate programs and services designed to heal and empower individuals in our care. Your support of the Resilience Society will help us continue our 39 year tradition to ensure that every child in our community has a place to live, learn and feel safe.
Resilience Society Giving Levels
Positive Actions Circle ($100 - $499 annually)
Contributors believe that every child deserves the right to a healthy childhood. Members of this Circle make it possible for children to live without the fear of abuse and neglect by contributing $100 to $499 annually to the Resilience Society.
Thriving Homes Circle ($500 - $1,499 annually)
These Circle supporters are committed to ensuring that families and children are fostered in a loving strength-based environment. Circle members recognize these dreams by contributing $500 to $1,499 annually to the Resilience Society.
Great Childhoods Circle ($1,500 - $2,499 annually)
This Circle honors those who have provided sustaining leadership for The Parenting PATH throughout our existence. Just as our founding members had a vision for a safe, stable community for children, these Circle members exhibit unwavering commitment by contributing between $1,500 and $2,999 annually to the Resilience Society.
Family Preservation Circle ($2,500 - $4,999 annually)
Members of this Circle acknowledge that it takes a community of support to keep families together through proactive home-based intervention and resource guidance. Circle members support the need for families to remain together by contributing between $2,500 and $4,999 annually.
Founder's Circle ($5,000 and above)
This Circle gives special acknowledgement to those who make a commitment to The Parenting PATH with a contribution of $5,000 or more annually to the Resilience Society. This Circle gives individuals, corporate partners, and community members the chance to express their full commitment to our mission of eliminating child abuse and neglect.For more information on becoming a Resilience Society member contact Ashley Tillery, Chief Development Officer, at 336-748-9028 or ashley.tillery@parentingpath.org
How To Help
Donate
In-Kind Donations
Resilience Society Giving
Volunteer
Community Partners
2020 Angel Tree
Our Contributors