https://parentingpath.org/how-to-help/volunteer.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
COVID-19 and The Parenting PATH
Supporting Our Local Community
Stokes/Surry Community Partners
Locations
Forsyth Center
Surry County Office
Mission & History
Board of Directors
Our Leadership
Frequent Questions
Outcomes
Contact Us
What We Do
Our Programs
Programs & Services
Co-Parenting for Healthy Children
Clinical Services
Abuse Reactive Therapy
Intensive Family Preservation Services (IFPS)
Fathers
Parent Aide
Parent/Teen Solutions (PTS)
Parent Support
Peaceful Alternatives to Tough Situations (PATTS)
Positive Effective Parenting (PEP)
Respite
Supervised Visitation and Monitored Exchange
Supervised Visitation for Domestic Violence
Welcome Baby
Introduction
Under 5
Prevention
Success Stories
Triple P Online
How To Help
Donate
In-Kind Donations
Resilience Society Giving
Volunteer
Community Partners
2020 Angel Tree
News & Events
Event Calendar
Classes Offered
Photo Gallery
Join Our Mailing List
Annual Pinwheel Gala
Putting with The Parenting PATH Golf Tournament
Battle of the Bowls Chicken Stew
Springtime In Paris
Portal
Employee Portal Login
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer Application
Volunteer Opportunities Flyer
Our volunteers make an impact. We are thankful to our volunteers for their time and talents in service to our community. Volunteers are used extensively for their ability to give individualized care and to involve the community in the prevention of child abuse. Group and individual volunteers are needed.
Want to become a volunteer? Call 336-748-9028 or use our contact form to tell us about your interest in volunteering. Questions? Contact Elizabeth Miller at elizabeth.miller@parentingpath.org
The Parenting PATH Center VolunteerProvide assistance at our Center, sorting donations or performing clerical work.
Must be at least 15 or 18, based on specific position and/or duties.
Make a Meal VolunteersPrepare lunch or dinner for parent education groups (on average, 5-20 people).
Meals may be prepared at The Parenting PATH or come from a commercially licensed kitchen.
Must be at least 10, all under 15 must be accompanied by an adult. The kitchen accommodates 3-4 cooks at one time.
Nursery VolunteersProviding assistance in the nursery allows parents to attend classes and trainings with The Parenting PATH staff.
Nursery volunteers are needed on Tuesday nights from 5:30-7:30 p.m., Thursday mornings from 10:30 am - 12:00 p.m. and every third Tuesday from 10:30 am - 12:00 pm.
Must be at least 18 years of age.
Welcome Baby VolunteersProvide in-home intervention, which empowers families with positive parenting skills.
Must be 21 years of age and a high school graduate and attend Welcome Baby training.
Be a family friend and helper.
Parent Aide VolunteersProvide in-home visitation with a family two times per week.
Must be 21 years of age and a high school graduate and attend Parent Aide training.
Provide emotional support and train families in positive parenting skills.
Requires volunteer application (including criminal background check and two references) orientation, and training.
Requires a weekly, bi-weekly or monthly commitment.
Great group opportunity
How To Help
Donate
In-Kind Donations
Resilience Society Giving
Volunteer
Community Partners
2020 Angel Tree
Our Contributors