http://parentsinapinch.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Log In
855-781-1303
Services
Backup Child Care
Event Care
Our Caregivers
Backup Adult and Elder Care
Online Access
Companies
Care@Work
How It Works
The Value Proposition
Accolades
Contact Us
About Us
Memberships and Affiliations
Resources
Privacy Policy
Home » About Us » Privacy Policy 03/29/2012
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
What Information Is Collected:
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to the Parents in a Pinch website, we may store the following: the domain name from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us expand the coverage of the site to assist users in finding health information. We do not use “cookies” on our web site, unless specifically stated otherwise.
How That Information Is Used:
We do not give, share, sell or transfer any personal information collected on this site to a third party, unless otherwise specified.
You are not required to provide information to us. If we request information and you refuse to provide it to us, your refusal will not be held against you or prejudice our relationship with you.
When inquiries are e-mailed to us, we store the question and the e-mail address information so that we can respond electronically. Unless otherwise required by statute, we do not identify publicly who sends questions or comments to our web site. We will not obtain information that will allow us to personally identify you when you visit our site, unless you chose to provide such information to us.
Information that you consider confidential should not be sent to us over the internet.
If you have questions about the Parents in a Pinch privacy policy, please contact us.
Let us help you:
New client registration
Sign in to book care
Care.com® BackupCareSM, is provided by Care Concierge, Inc. (formerly Parents in a Pinch, Inc.), a Care.com company. Care.com and “There for you” are service marks or registered service marks of Care.com, Inc.© 2015 Care.com, Inc. All rights reserved. | 77 Fourth Avenue, 5th Floor | Waltham, MA 02451 | 855-781-1303privacy policy | terms of use | sitemap
X
Now Parents in a Pinch is part of the Care.com family.
Through Care.com® we'll continue to provide quality adult and child caregivers to families and businesses—whenever they’re in a pinch.