https://parentaid.org/donors/donor-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Parent Aid Child Abuse Prevent Center Inc.
Donor Privacy Policy
Parent Aid strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our supporters through all of our communication channels, as well as from visitors to our website. The protection of your privacy is of great importance to us; consequently, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us.
Parent Aid provides this Donor Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the ways in which your information may be used. You may always “opt out”, either now or any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our communications.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
We collect and maintain the following types of donor information:
Contact information such as name, organization, complete address, phone number, or email address;
Payment information, including credit card number, expiration date, and billing information;
Requests to receive periodic updates: e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings and/or e-mails related to specific fund-raising events or appeals, and newsletters.
How Your Information May be Used
Parent Aid may use your information to process a donation or other transaction, communicate with you, and/or update you on organization events, services or accomplishments. We may, also, use your information to track donor history and practices.  Credit card numbers are used only for a specific donation or payment processing, and are not retained for other purposes.
Privacy Practices
Parent Aid will not provide, sell, or rent your personal information to anyone outside of the organization. We assure you that the identity of our donors will be kept confidential to the best of our ability, and that use of donor information will be limited to the internal activities of Parent Aid.
Please contact us at any time if you wish to be removed from our mailing list. E-mail communications provide a mechanism to have your address removed from our contact list.  In addition, you may contact us directly at info@parentaid.org or call us at (520) 798-3304, to review personal information collected and/or request corrections and updates.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy policy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website.  Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.