https://parkfoundation.org/terms/
Terms
Park Foundation is committed to respecting the privacy of its online visitors. This statement discloses this site’s privacy practices involving what information we collect and how we use it.
Information Gathering and Use
Park Foundation web site does not require visitors to submit any personal information to access the pages of its web site.
Links to Other Sites
Park Foundation web site provides links to resources we find useful. These links will take you to sites operated by different privacy practices. When leaving parkfoundation.org, we recommend that you check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting before sharing information. We have no control over information that is submitted to these third parties.
Information Tracking
Park Foundation uses web software to track the number of visitors to the parkfoundation.org site. The statistics show us the pages that are most often visited, and the domains from which people visit the site. The data is then analyzed internally. It is used to help us determine how to provide more useful information to visitors. No personal information is collected during the tracking process.
Proposal Confidentiality
Park Foundation considers proposals a confidential communication, although it reserves the right to seek outside review, consult project partners and other funders as part of the review process.
Grant Publicity Policy
The Park Foundation permits grantees to acknowledge the Foundation’s financial support if they deem it useful to advancing their mission and work.  Grantees should feel free to acknowledge the Foundation’s support as is appropriate in publications, announcements and media coverage of their work.  Project-specific support should be appropriately noted.
The Foundation’s logo is available below for use as needed.
Any questions on this policy should be addressed to the Foundation’s office.
No Widgets
"Primary" needs some widgets.
No Widgets
"Secondary" needs some widgets.