http://parkwestaz.com/privacy-policy
Lifestyle
Attractions
Events
About Us
Homes for Sale
Contact
ePay
Lifestyle
Attractions
Events
About Us
Homes for Sale
Contact
ePay
Privacy Policy
Park West Website Privacy Policy
VERSION DATE: August 19, 2016
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our general and online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy. We do not sell, rent, or share personally-identifiable information collected during your use of our Website, except as described herein in this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
The customer information we collect is categorized as follows in accordance with the Online Privacy Act: • Application Information – information that you provide to us through our Website and through other means. Examples include your name, age, physical address, zip code, phone numbers, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, government ID, etc.
Transaction and Experience Information – information about your transactions with us, as well as information about our communications with you. Examples include your account history, geolocation data, your requests for information and our responses.
Information from Outside Sources – information from outside sources regarding your credit, background and other relationships. Examples include your employment history, and public record information. We need this information to provide the goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested. We also use this information to customize your experience using our Website.
We may also share the information we collect about you with third parties from one or more of the following categories:
Vendors contracted by us to service your account • Retailers • Credit Card Companies • Credit Reporting Companies • Rental Databases • Banks • Government Agencies • Homeowners Associations
We may ask you for personally-identifiable information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, make a payment, post a classified ad, communicate with us, apply for or enter into a lease with us, or complete a survey. If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion, you give us your permission to share your name and e-mail address with the third party offering the promotion.
In addition, we may automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, geolocation data, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of our site so we can improve our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifiable information without your permission.
As part of our service, we use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. Some features of our site may be available only through the use of a cookie. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, research visiting patterns, and help target advertisements based on user interests; assist our retail partners track visits and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions. In some instances, our retail partners and advertisers appearing at our site may use their own cookies. Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire. By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies. If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
The Way We Use Information
We use your personally-identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site’s content, layout, and services. We may use your personally-identifiable information to obtain further information about you, for example in performing background and credit checks, etc., should you ask to be qualified for house rental transactions. We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services and promotions. You can opt out of receiving this information by unchecking the box in your registration/preference file. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our service for you. We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site. We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so. You can opt out of receiving such contact by contacting American Homes 4 Rent via email or regular mail. If you place a request for products or services, we use information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail partner, we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction. If you establish a credit account with us or our providers, we collect additional information, including billing information, credit card number and expiration date, and tracking information from checks or money orders. We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Service. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law or regulation or a homeowner’s association so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our Website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.
Do Not Track Signals
Our website does not currently act on DNT (Do Not Track) signals received, and does not respond to such signals.
Third Party Access to Data
In general, other parties (e.g., advertisers) are not allowed by our website to collect personally identifiable information about a consumer’s online activities when that consumer visits our website or online service. However, this policy does not apply to certain services on our website that are actually provided by third parties, generally identified on our website as “Powered by [name of Third Party]” or similar language; in those situations the relevant third party will have access to data collected as part of the services rendered, and you are asked to review the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policy of the relevant third party before using the services. It is expected that such third party service providers may share the information they collected with us, including personally-identifiable information.
Security
We employ commercially reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
Your account information and profile are password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This is to help ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others may have access to it. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online–for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas–that information can be collected and used by others. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact us at: info@ah4r.com. Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in your not being able to access member service. During the normal course of doing business, we will continue to share your information among our business units, our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties as necessary in order to service your accounts and fill any orders you place with us.
Children Under 13
This site is intended to be used by users that can form enforceable contracts with us, generally at least 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally-identifiable information on children under the age of 13. We do not accept registration by minors under the age of 13, and we will terminate the accounts of underage users. However, we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and we will honor the requests by any minor under the age of 13 to remove the information he or she posted as a registered user, unless the information is posted anonymously or by third parties or otherwise exempted by law. The parent or guardian of any registered user under the age of 13 may also contact us in writing and provide a contact email or phone number to remove the personally-identifiable information of the user and opt out of promotional opportunities.
Third Party Practices
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offer.
Changes to Our Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Website at least five (5) business days in advance of its effective date. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy. Your Consent By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe.
CONTACT US
3003 West Broadway Blvd. Tucson, AZ 85745
DIRECTIONS
office@parkwestaz.com
|
Fax: (520) 622-2875
Toll Free: (866) 622-2589
|
In Tucson: (520) 622-2589
APPLICATION .PDF
|
COMMUNITY MAP .PDF
|
FAQ’S
PRIVACY POLICY
©
Park West
|
Development: Cawiji
|
Design: Pembroke Studios
|
Photography: Robin Stancliff and Caitlin McCaffrey