http://pastorswives.org/home/website_terms
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Terms & Conditions of Use We have taken every effort to design our Web sites to be useful, informative, helpful, honest, and fun. Hopefully we've accomplished that -- and would ask that you let us know if you'd like to see improvements or changes that would make it even easier for you to find the information you need and want.Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl Place exists to allow you to get to know us a little, and to share with others what is important to us. Our site is based on a set of foundational Christian beliefs which you may
want to review. We make no apologies for holding a Judeo-Christian perspective of marriage, family, and the value of life and children. Thanks for your openness to respectfully consider our viewpoints. We appreciate your courtesy! To find out more about our beliefs, please visit our Statement of Faith.All we ask is that you agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions. Take a few minutes to look them over because by using our sites you automatically agree to them. Naturally, if you don't agree, please do not use the sites. We reserve the right to make any modifications that we deem necessary at any time. Please continue to check these terms to see what those changes may be! Your continued use of the Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl Web sites means that you accept those changes. THANKS AGAIN FOR VISITING!Submitting Your Online Material to UsAll remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl through our site (other than information we promise to protect under our Privacy Policy), becomes and remains our property, even if this agreement is later terminated. That means that we don’t have to treat any such submission as confidential. You can’t sue us for using ideas you submit. If we use them, or anything like them, we don’t have to pay you or anyone else for them. We will have the exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.Information About Health AdviceInformation accessible on this site is not intended to substitute for
professional medical advice and information. Information provided is general in nature and may be helpful to some people but not others, depending upon their personal medical needs. This is why you should always consult with your personal physician prior to changing or undertaking a new diet, exercise program or following advice designed for general audiences only. Your physician is typically best able to evaluate whether or not a specific health suggestion or potential course of treatment is best for you. Advance consultation with your physician is especially important if you are under eighteen (18), pregnant, nursing a baby, or have health problems. Never
disregard professional medical advice or delay to seek it because of something you may have read on this site.Links to Other SitesWe sometimes provide referrals to and links to other World Wide Web sites from our sites. Such a link should not be seen as a uniform endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites you can
access through our sites. If in doubt, always check the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) address provided in your WWW browser to see if you are still in a Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl-operated site or have moved to another site. Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl is not responsible for the content or practices of third party sites that may be linked to our
sites. When Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl provides links or references to other Web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl is connected with, operates or controls these Web sites. Any approved link must not represent in any way, either explicitly or by implication, that you have received the endorsement, sponsorship or support of any Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl site or endorsement, sponsorship or support of the ministry of Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl.Monitoring Online PostingsPastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl shall have the right to monitor and review the content of any discussions, chats, forums, postings, transmissions and bulletin boards, although Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl is not under legal obligation to do so. Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl will fully cooperate with authorities or court orders requesting details of criminal postings. Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on any Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl web site. Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl shall have the right to remove any material that it determines to be in violation of these provisions or otherwise objectionable.Termination of This AgreementThis agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate
this agreement at any time, by destroying all materials obtained from all Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl websites, along with all related documentation and all copies and installations. Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl may terminate this agreement at any time and without notice to you, if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials. In addition, by providing material on our websites, we do not in any way promise that the materials will remain available to you. And Pastors Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl is entitled to terminate all or any part of any of its websites without notice to you.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services