http://pathwaysoflight.org/home/about_pathways/#privacy
A Course in Miracles Ministry
& Mind Healing
Menu
Home
Pathways of Light Worldwide
Pathways of Light–UK
Pathways of Light–Australia
Minister Training
Minister Training Curriculum
Full Curriculum
Course Facilitator Training
Group Facilitator Training
Spiritual Counselor Training
Relationship Counselor Training
Teleconference Training & Ordination Dates
FAQ Frequently Asked Questions
ACIM Practitioner
Certified ACIM Practitioner Training
ACIM Practitioner Self-Study Courses
Store
Order Minister Training Courses
Order Miracles Practitioner Courses
Order Miracles Practitioner Self-Study
Self-Study Programs
Spiritual Growth
ACIM Self-Study Guides
Receiving Inner Guidance
Relationship Enhancement
A Course in Miracles
A Course in Miracles, 3rd Edition
Workbook Lesson Cards
Story of ACIM (DVD)
Un Curso de Milagros (Spanish ACIM)
Books Inspired by ACIM
ACIM Workshops on DVD's
ACIM Workshops on Audio CD's
Music & Other CD's
Donations
Ongoing Monthly Donations
12 Monthly Donations
Annual Membership
Make a Donation
Subscribe to Miracles News
Store Home
Hogar de la tienda en español
Free ACIM Help
ACIM Text Made Simple
What is A Course in Miracles?
What does A Course in Miracles say?
Index to ACIM Text Q&A
Daily ACIM Lesson Insights
365 ACIM Lesson Insights Online
Subscribe to Lesson Insight daily emails
Daily Inspiration
Ministers Healing Journals
Miracles News Magazine
Read Miracles News Online
Subscribe to Miracles News quarterly
Teleconferences
Tips to Easily Join Teleconferences
ACIM Teleconference Discussions
Help with Inner Guidance
Chronic & Critical Illness Support
12 Step/ACIM Weekly Teleconference
ACIM-Based Support
ACIM Study Groups
Prayer Support
Help with Inner Guidance
Chronic & Critical Illness Support
Pathways Ministers Audio/Videos
Connecting
Sign Up for Free E-magazine
ACIM Study Groups
Prayer Request
Help with Inner Guidance
Support Pathways of Light
Ongoing Monthly Donations
12 Monthly Donations
Annual Membership
Make a Donation
Links
Minister Services
Pathways of Light Ministers
Ceremony Officiants
Weddings
Spiritual Unions
Baptisms & Dedications
Memorial Services
Counselors
Accessing Inner Wisdom
Relationship Enhancement
Course Facilitators
Miracles Practitioner Partners
Ministers Healing Journals
Prayer Support
Ministers Forum
International
Pathways of Light in Australia
Ministers in Australia
Ministers in Canada
Pathways of Light in the UK
Ministers in the United Kingdom
Ministers in Austria
About Pathways
About Pathways of Light
Mission Statement
FAQ Frequently Asked Questions
Satisfaction Guarantee
Privacy Statement
Support Pathways
Ongoing Monthly Donations
12 Monthly Donations
Annual Membership
Make a Donation
Contact Us
Email a Question
Request a Catalog
Subscribe to our E-Magazine
Site Feedback
Solicitud de información
Support for Ministers
Support for Ministers
Ministers Forum
Spiritual Awakening Program
Spiritual Awakening Program
Program Facilitators
Order Spiritual Awakening Printed Materials
Order SA Downloadable E-Programs Materials
Healing Inner Child Program
Healing Inner Child Program
Program Facilitators
Order Healing Inner Child Printed Materials
Order HIC Downloadable E-Program Materials
Counseling
Spiritual Counseling
Relationship Counseling
Ceremony Officiants
Weddings
Spiritual Unions
Baptisms & Dedications
Memorial Services
Events
Teleconference Events
In-Person Events
Donations
Monthly & Annual Member Donations
Donate to support Pathways or subscribe to Miracles News magazine
Pathways of Light Mission
We are dedicated to joining with people around the world in awakening to the Love and peace of God within us all. Pathways of Light offers loving and nurturing support for gentle spiritual awakening. Our focus is on accessing Inner Wisdom for answers rather than seeking outside ourselves.
As we look at our barriers to Love with Inner Wisdom, we experience a happier and more fulfilling life.
Pathways of Light Focus
The purpose of Pathways of Light is to provide helpful, healing resources that nurture and support the return to our true nature as Love. As we open to the Love within, we naturally want to extend It to others.
Pathways of Light offers training in a new kind of ministry that helps us remove our blocks to the awareness of Love’s Presence.
Pathways of Light courses, publications, CD’s and DVD’s help us become aware of our mistaken thoughts and open to the Truth within to have our perceptions corrected. Pathways of Light doesn’t lead to something outside ourselves, but leads to the Spirit within.
When we remember that of ourselves we do not know, but the Holy Spirit within us does, we become more willing to let go of our limited, fearful thinking. We become more willing to allow the wise Teacher within to gently help us forgive and lead us Home.
Pathways of Light is nonprofit, providing self-study and correspondence courses with A Course in Miracles orientation. Pathways of Light, a church without walls, is dedicated to following the lead of the loving Teacher within.
Our Shared Goal Is to Reconnect with Love
The Truth resides within each of us. There is a Source of inner peace within to guide us. As we join with others to remember the truth of our oneness, the Holy Spirit joins us in that goal. We remember that we don’t go home alone.
At first our attempts to open to Love’s Presence may be hesitant and uncertain. But with consistent reinforcement of the Truth, our willingness to step back and open to the guidance of Holy Spirit grows. As we consistently choose
peace instead of conflict, connecting with Inner Guidance gets easier. It ceases to be an ideal that seems out of reach, but becomes an awareness that is experienced with increasing regularity. Choosing peace becomes our primary motivator.
Join us in this shared process of coming back to our one True Self with Holy Spirit.
The greatest gift we can possibly give ourselves is to recognize and let go of the fearful, limited thought patterns that cause stress and unhappiness in our lives. We can replace these patterns with a growing sense of deep peace that comes from an awareness that we are innately loving, loved and worthy of love.
Dedicating time to this purpose is the most valuable use of our time. It is the answer to everyone’s deepest need, whether we realize it or not. We are not separate, little, vulnerable self-identities that are disconnected from Love. We are children of God, of Love, whole, innocent and eternal.
The way back to our remembering the truth is to let go of ideas that are not true. The Holy Spirit is always in our mind, ready to lead us to forgiveness and healing. We are willing to let that time be now.
Personal Growth Options
Pathways of Light Self-Study Courses — 15 mind healing courses are available through self-study for reinforcing your awakening. These experiential courses use processes and guided meditations to help you heal your mind and release limited thought patterns.
The focus is on helping you recognize the barriers to Love’s presence and open to Inner Wisdom to receive a correction in perception.
There are additional personal home-study programs, CD’s and DVD’s that help you let go of limited self-talk, strengthen your connection with Inner Guidance, and improve your relationships.
More info.
Credentialed Study — Facilitated Correspondence Courses — You also have the option to complete these courses with the help of a professionally trained facilitator working with you one-on-one in person, by telephone or using voice over the Internet such as Skype or instant messenger services.
Some facilitators also offer courses to groups through teleconference.
Upon completion of each course you will receive certification. This certification is required if you wish to become trained as a facilitator, counselor and ordained minister. These credentialed study courses may be available locally in a group setting with certified facilitators.
More info.
A Course in Miracles Miracles Practitioner Courses — Guides for Individual and Group Study of A Course in Miracles —
These courses work directly with A Course in Miracles to help you move past a theoretical understanding of ACIM to practical application of Course principles in your daily life. They are also useful as guides for individuals and ACIM study groups.
Many students of A Course in Miracles have found that while they can gain much by studying the Course on their own, the learning experience is greatly enriched when it is shared with others, who become both their teachers and fellow learners.
These Miracles Practitioner courses provide a format for guided individual study, or joining with a certified partner or group to facilitate this shared teaching-learning process.
More info.
Ministerial Training
As a church, Pathways of Light provides a minister training curriculum that focuses on healing our own minds rather than trying to change anything out in the world. This curriculum includes training in group and course facilitating, conducting spiritual ceremonies such as wedding and memorial services,
plus one-on-one Accessing Inner Wisdom counseling and relationship counseling.
This training is completed through facilitated correspondence and teleconference.
Ordination by Pathways of Light qualifies you to perform marriage ceremonies in the USA and many other countries. Click here for more information about the Ministerial Training Curriculum.
Satisfaction Guarantee
If you are not completely satisfied with any Pathways of Light course, home study, self-study program, or product, return it within 30 days for a full refund of the purchase price (shipping not included).
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy. Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned.
Any information you provide will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please feel free to email us at office@pathwaysoflight.org or call 407-323-2057.
Free Online Resources
Electronic "Magazine" —
Sign up to receive periodic emails
with thoughts to ponder, inspirational articles and the latest news.
Subscribe to daily emails
of Workbook Lesson Insights.
ACIM Text Made Simple — answers to
hundreds of questions about the Text. Click here.
Daily Inspiration Blog — Thoughts
to inspire your day. Click here.
Inspiring journals by Pathways of Light
ministers applying the principles of ACIM.
Click here.
Miracles News — hundreds of inspiring
miracle stories. Click here.
We'd Like to Hear from You
Request Free Printed Program & Product Catalog
Or call 1-800-323-PATH (7284) (US & Canada) or 920/894-2339.
Click
here to email your questions.
Español: Para mas información
oprime aquí
para enviar tus preguntas por correo electrónico.
United Kingdom:
Click here to email your questions about Pathways of Light in the UK or call +44 1803 612 929.
Give us your feedback or report site
problems.
Pathways Ministers Audio/Videos
ACIM Minister Training
Inspired by the principles presented in A Course in Miracles, this
ministry training focuses on accepting the mind healing that is guided by the
Teacher within, the Holy Spirit. As our minds are healed, we become Holy Spirit’s
instruments of healing. For more information
click here.
ACIM Practitioner Courses
If you would like a deeper understanding of key principles of
A Course in Miracles, the 24 Pathways of Light ACIM Practitioner
courses provide a complete, multimedia package to help you make ACIM
principles a ready resource to call upon in your mind throughout your
day.
Click here for more information.
Events
Teleconference
More Teleconference info.
In-Person
22nd May 2020 ACIM Conference 2020 LA, Rev. Maria Felipe
More In-Person Event info.
Featured Items
Live Your Happy by Rev.
Maria Felipe. A real-world approach to living happily, based on A Course in Miracles.
Learn more.
True Forgiveness by Rev. Jennifer McSween. The Proven Path from Pain to Power in 5 Simple Steps.
Learn more.
Listen & Receive 30-Day Home Study Learn to receive
insight for your life in a form that is perfect for you …heal fears, find joy & peace.
Learn more.
Minister Training — based on principles of A Course in Miracles, including
counselor training and ordination. More….
24 ACIM
Practitioner courses including 50-page study guide, CD's with facilitator.
More….
From the Christ Mind scribed by Darrell Morley Price. A simple, yet profound message that
you can immediately apply to current circumstances. More….
Hey, Holy Spirit, It's Me Again by Rev. Myron Jones. An indispensable guide
for anyone on the path of ACIM with insights on the 1st 90 lessons. More….
Forgiving Kevin Audio book by Rev. Larry Glenz.
A moving and inspiring true story of a father/son relationship that withstood seven years of addiction, recovery, and
relapse. More….
Healing Family Relationships Applying the
Principles of A Course in Miracles 6 CD audio book by Rev. Myron Jones.
Learn how family relationships offer fertile grounds for forgiveness and healing
your judgments of the world.
More.
Minister Courses |
Studies of ACIM |
Minister Training Q & A |
Self-Study
FAQ |
Miracles News |
Membership |
Ministers/Facilitators |
ACIM Counseling |
Relationship Counseling
Links |
Healing Journals |
ACIM Study Groups |
ACIM Lesson Insights |
ACIM Text Made Simple |
Store
Daily Inspiration |
Home |
Contact Us
© 1997-2020 Pathways of Light®