https://paxchristi.net/2020/09/01/between-covid-19-and-extractivist-policies-2/
Between Covid-19 and Extractivist Policies
By Editor
in Advocacy, Extractives in Latin America, Latest News, Latin America
on August 25, 2020November 25, 2020
No comments
New publication from Pax Christi International on the impacts, challenges, and alternatives to resisting communities in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Entre el Covid-19 y las Políticas Extractivistas: Impactos, Retos y Alternativas para las comunidades que resisten en América Latina y el Caribe
Between Covid-19 and Extractivist Policies: Impacts, Challenges, and Alternatives to resisting communities in Latin America and the Caribbean (Executive Summary, PDF)
Entre el Covid-19 y las Políticas Extractivistas: Impactos, Retos y Alternativas para las comunidades que resisten en América Latina y el Caribe (Resumen ejecutivo, PDF)
En español abajo
Extractivist processes in Latin America and the Caribbean are the continuity of a process of dispossession to which the region has been subjected from the 15th century to the present. The former colonies were plundered in the search for minerals and raw materials and transformed into nations equally plundered by multinational corporations for the same purpose. This continuity has shaped a deeply unequal international scenario. The countries of the “Global South” have assumed the very serious environmental, social, and economic costs of an unequal and unbalanced system that—after the unfulfilled promise of “development”—has left water pollution, diseases in communities, destruction of fields, and violence against populations that resist looting.
Through the project Latin America, between Violence and Hope, Pax Christi International has accompanied communities and organisations resisting extractivist practices in seven countries (Guatemala, Colombia, Peru, Mexico, Paraguay, Chile and El Salvador). The project aims to: a) strengthen the capacity of communities for the nonviolent transformation of conflicts caused by extractivism; b) design and implement local, national, and global advocacy plans; and c) strengthen networking in the region in order to act in a coordinated, informed, and supportive way to defend the territories, communities, and the land itself.
Español
Los procesos extractivistas en América Latina y el Caribe pueden fácilmente observarse como la continuidad de un proceso de despojo al que ha sido sometida la región desde el siglo XV hasta el presente; las otrora colonias saqueadas por la búsqueda de minerales y materias primas se transformaron en naciones igualmente saqueadas por corporaciones multinacionales para el mismo propósito. Esta continuidad ha configurado un escenario internacional profundamente desigual, donde los países del “Sur Global” han asumido los gravísimos costos ambientales, sociales y económicos de un sistema desigual y desequilibrado que, tras la promesa no cumplida del “desarrollo”, ha dejado a su paso contaminación de las aguas, enfermedades en las comunidades, destrucción de los campos y violencia contra las poblaciones que se resisten al saqueo.
Pax Chiristi Internacional en el marco del proyecto América Latina, entre Violencias y Esperanza ha realizado un trabajo de acompañamiento a comunidades y organizaciones en siete países (Guatemala, Colombia, Perú, México, Paraguay, Chile y El Salvador), que resisten a las practicas extractivistas; el proyecto tiene como objetivos: a) fortalecer las capacidades de las comunidades para la transformación noviolenta de los conflictos causados por el extractivismo; b) diseñar e implementar planes de incidencia local, nacional y global; c) fortalecer el trabajo en red de la región, con el fin de actuar de manera coordinada, informada y solidaria para defender los, territorios, las comunidades y la tierra misma.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Post navigation
Previous postTo the Christian Communities in the land of the Holy OneNext postSupport for Belarusians and their Peaceful Protests
Search for:
Translate this Site
My TweetsPosts by month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
June 2019
April 2019
Featured posts
December 10, 2020December 10, 2020
Project Launch Rwanda: Empowering New Generations
No comments
November 25, 2020December 9, 2020
Advent Resources from Pax Christi International
No comments
November 23, 2020December 3, 2020
Urgent Appeal to Stop the Violence in Ethiopia
No comments
November 5, 2020December 10, 2020
Pacific Climate Warriors win 2020 Pax Christi International Peace Prize
No comments
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
%d bloggers like this: