http://pcfministries.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Peoples Church Falkirk, holds and processes personal data about individuals for the purpose of general administration and communication across the different aspects of the work and the ministry. As a ministry we are committed to complying with data protection law (GDPR) and the rights of individuals under it.
Peoples Church Falkirk holds personal information about staff, volunteers, supporters and those associated with the ministry who have provided such information for a specific purpose. This information is used for the following purposes:
The day-to-day administration of the ministry and its various activities
Contacting those people whose contact details we hold to keep them informed of relevant activities and events or for administrative purposes.
All personal information which is held by Peoples Church Falkirk will be treated as private and confidential and not disclosed to any other organisations or individuals without your consent unless we are legally compelled to do so, e.g. HMRC or Disclosure Scotland (PVG).
Any individual has the right to withdraw consent for their personal information to be held or used by Peoples Church Falkirk. Any person who wishes to exercise this right should make the request in writing to (Peoples Church, West Bridge Street, Falkirk, FK1 5RJ) or by email to office@pcfministries.org.
Staff and other individuals whose personal information is held by Peoples Church Falkirk have the right to access that information. This right is subject to certain exemptions outlined in the Data Protection Act. Any person who wishes to exercise this right should make the request in writing or by email to the above address. We will aim to comply with such requests as quickly as possible, but will ensure that it is provided within 30 days of receipt of a written request unless there is good reason for delay. In such cases, the reason for delay will be explained in writing to the individual making the request. Peoples Church Falkirk reserves the right to charge the maximum fee payable for each subject request.
Recent PostsChurch at home – Sunday at 11:00 amMay 23, 2020Palm Sunday 5-4-2020April 7, 2020Postponed – Boys BrigadeApril 5, 2020Postponed – Taste and See Coffee morningsApril 5, 2020Postponed – Sunday School Easter PresentationApril 5, 2020Postponed – Easter PresentationApril 5, 2020