https://pei.bigbrothersbigsisters.ca/privacy-policy/
About Us
OUR BOARD
OUR PARTNERS
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
Annual Report
Contact Us
What we do
Our Programs
Stories
Share your Story
Enrol a Young Person
Ways to give
Donate
Events
Celebrate the Holidays by Giving Back
Giving Tuesday 2020
Dream Cottage
Bowl for Kids Sake
Become a Partner
Privacy Policy
The privacy of users of this website is very important to Big Brothers Big Sisters  (BBBS).  BBBS respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personal information you provide to us.  This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by BBBS.  Please note that BBBS reviews and updates this policy from time to time as needed.  You should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure you are aware of how BBBS collects and uses personal information.  The policy is always available in the footer of our website. You may also request a copy by contacting us.
Personally identifiable information is not collected unless specifically submitted via an online registration function or registration form (volunteer inquiries and surveys for example), an electronic mail message, a phone call or postal mail.  All information is kept confidential – this is subject to any legal requirements to disclose.  BBBS will not maintain records on individuals without permission.  All information is protected by BBBS’s physical, electronic and managerial security methods, which are updated as necessary.
Information you provide may be used periodically to keep you informed of BBBS and its member agencies, including programs, services, opportunities to volunteer, events, funding needs, membership benefits.  If at any time you no longer wish to receive such information, please contact us at the phone number or email listed above.
Any website of BBBS may provide links to other third party websites.  These are provided for convenience only and you access them at your own risk.  Even if a third party is associated with BBBS through a business relationship or otherwise, BBBS are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or content of such third party websites.
If you have any questions or concerns,  please contact our President, CEO or Executive Director.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn