http://peninsulachurchofchrist.com/privacy/
cedarsea@willapabay.org
Have You Considered the Cost?
How to Become Saved
Free Bible Correspondence Course
Credits • Copyright • Privacy
CREDITS
This site was developed by Peninsula church of Christ
All logos and trademarks are acknowledged as belonging to their respective entities.
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
OWNERSHIP OF COPYRIGHT ©
Copyright © 2003-present, Peninsula church of Christ All rights reserved.
The copyright in this website and the material on this website (including without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this website) is owned by Peninsula church of Christ and its licensors.
Copyright license
Peninsula church of Christ grants to you a worldwide non-exclusive royalty-free revocable license to:
view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser;
copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory; and
print pages from this website for your own personal and non-commercial use.
Peninsula church of Christ does not grant you any other rights in relation to this website or the material on this website. In other words, all other rights are reserved.
For the avoidance of doubt, you must not adapt, edit, change, transform, publish, republish, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast or show or play in public this website or the material on this website (in any form or media) without Peninsula church of Christ’s prior written permission.
Data mining
The automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is prohibited.
Permissions
You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by writing to frank.nagy1@yahoo.com or by post to 7709 Sandridge Rd., Long Beach, WA 98631.
Enforcement of copyright
Peninsula church of Christ takes the protection of its copyright very seriously.
If Peninsula church of Christ discovers that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, Peninsula church of Christ may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you using those materials. You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.
If you become aware of any use of Peninsula church of Christ’s copyright materials that contravenes or may contravene the license above, please report this by email to frank.nagy1@yahoo.com or by post to 7709 Sandridge Rd., Long Beach, WA 98631.
Infringing material
If you become aware of any material on the website that you believe infringes your or any other person’s copyright, please report this by email to frank.nagy1@yahoo.com or by post to 7709 Sandridge Rd., Long Beach, WA 98631.
PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to Peninsula church of Christ This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Peninsula church of Christ collects, and the ways in which Peninsula church of Christ uses that personal information.
Our website address is https:/peninsulachurchofchrist.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Peninsula church of Christ may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website (including pages visited, time spent, browser used, etc.);
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including name, email address, city, state);
information about transactions carried out over this website (including reservations and confirmations); and
any other information that you send to Peninsula church of Christ.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.  After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you use contact forms on our site, the data you input is transmitted to our staff for customer service purposes.  This information is retained as long as is necessary to fully address your query.  We do not use the information submitted for marketing purposes.
Using personal information
Peninsula church of Christ may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Who we share your data with
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide information or services you’ve requested.
Where Peninsula church of Christ discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Peninsula church of Christ may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Securing your data
Peninsula church of Christ will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Peninsula church of Christ will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
This website contains links to other websites. Peninsula church of Christis not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Analytics
We use AW Stats, an interpreter of log-file statistics, as well as Google Analytics.  If you would like to opt out of our analytics tracking, please contact frank.nagy1@yahoo.com. For more information on the privacy practices of Google Analytics, visit  https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.  For AW Stats: https://awstats.sourceforge.io/.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Peninsula church of Christ collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Peninsula church of Christ operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the Internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Peninsula church of Christ may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
CONTACT PENINSULA CHURCH OF CHRIST
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Peninsula church of Christ’ treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to frank.nagy1@yahoo.com; or
by post to 7709 Sandridge Rd., Long Beach, WA 98631.