http://pennystockforum.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://pennystockforum.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Recent Posts
Kali Inc.
Beyond Commerce Inc.
WorldFlix Inc.
Santeon Group Inc.
Airborne Wireless Network
22nd Century Group
Realbiz Media Group Inc.
LIG Assets
Stock Market Newswhat covid-19 vaccine is better Moderna or Pfizer? November 19, 2020Since the past week, two major biotech medical firms have made announcements regarding their vaccines. Last week, Pfizer had announced its covid-19 vaccine claiming it to be more than 90% effective. Then this week, Moderna [...] The post what covid-19 vaccine is better Moderna or Pfizer? appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Moderna’s Vaccine: Stocks Surging up High November 18, 2020Via a press release on Monday, the biotech firm Moderna announced that their vaccine against Covid-19 has come out to be over 94.5% effective in preventing coronavirus infection. The vaccine has shown some fine results [...] The post Moderna’s Vaccine: Stocks Surging up High appeared first on Stocks Newswire.The right investment for you Dow Jones or S&P 500? November 17, 2020The election results and the announcement made by the company Pfizer claiming that their Covid-19 vaccine is more than 90% effective against the coronavirus has brought some ups and downs for the stock market. While [...] The post The right investment for you Dow Jones or S&P 500? appeared first on Stocks Newswire.The Best Penny Stocks to Invest in Right Now November 16, 2020Penny stock trading has always been considered riskier than regular stock market trading. The reason is that these stocks are priced low and there is a lower probability of profit but if the stocks work [...] The post The Best Penny Stocks to Invest in Right Now appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Zoom Video Communications: An Important Stock November 16, 2020The stocks of Zoom Video Communications (NASDAQ: ZM) have stayed up high during this coronavirus pandemic. When the world went online, online platforms like Zoom have been of great use. Schooling from home and work [...] The post Zoom Video Communications: An Important Stock appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Walmart is hitting new highs November 16, 2020Walmart has spent this year strengthening itself and expanding the business. It is entering various fields. The coronavirus pandemic has been a time of crisis for numerous companies and businesses but this company has only [...] The post Walmart is hitting new highs appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Peloton Interactive: What does the future hold? November 12, 2020The coronavirus pandemic for once had brought lives to a standstill. With lockdowns and curfews prevailing around the world, many companies had to face the complete shutdown of their work for that period. The fitness [...] The post Peloton Interactive: What does the future hold? appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Delta Air Lines: Better Times on the Way? November 11, 2020The coronavirus pandemic struck many sectors and left various firms in losses. The transportation sector also had to bear the same. Although, the pandemic does not seem to end, yet it cannot be said that [...] The post Delta Air Lines: Better Times on the Way? appeared first on Stocks Newswire.Stocks skyrocketing after Joe Biden’s victory and Pfizer Covid-19 Vaccine November 10, 2020The stock market is looking really good after Joe Biden’s victory in the US Presidential Elections. In addition to this, Pfizer stocks saw a surge of 8% after their announcement that the clinical trial of [...] The post Stocks skyrocketing after Joe Biden’s victory and Pfizer Covid-19 Vaccine appeared first on Stocks Newswire.stocks to buy after Joe Biden’s big win November 9, 2020Joe Biden is all set to become the 46th President of the United States. There will be sectors that will immensely grow under him and also the ones that time takes time to recover. It [...] The post stocks to buy after Joe Biden’s big win appeared first on Stocks Newswire.
Proudly powered by WordPress
Theme designed by Webempresa