http://peopleandplanet.org/privacy
Jump to navigation
Privacy
Here's a summary of what data we collect and use.
"We" is People & Planet Student Activities Ltd, a charitable company (Charity Commission 1140864, OSCR SC043394, company registered in England No. 06417846).
In the text below we say get in touch or contact us quite a lot. You can do this using our Contact page  or by using the contact details which are in the footer of all our webpages and email communications.
We adhere to the UK law, and most of this page is in reference to the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018) and the related General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Website users
Our website uses an encrypted connection using an HTTPS security certificate. Most browsers enable you to verify this by looking for a (usually green) padlock near the website address. This means that any information between the website and your browser is sent securely and can't be intercepted or snooped on in transit.
We use cookies to help make our website work.  Cookies are small bits of data stored by your web browser on your computer that are then sent back to our web server with future requests. They're not needed for general browsing but are required for processes like login or donations to work. Some of these processes use "session cookies" which are automatically deleted by your browser when you close it down; others rely on "persistent cookies" which will expire automatically within a month. Most web browsers offer a way to disable and/or delete cookies, should you want to, but this will result in certain parts of our website not working.
We use Google Analytics on our website so we can understand how well the site is communicating, which bits are popular, and other aggregated non-personal information like how many people visit the site from on their mobile etc.
The Google code means that data on your browsing of our site is sent to these companies.
You can opt out of Google tracking on our site by setting your browser's Do Not Track opt-out (see wikipedia page for an intro). Note that this is something we've implemented specially to respect our users' privacy and that having Do Not Track set won't necessarily stop Google tracking you on other websites.
Google also provide a Google Analytics opt-out add on for all popular browsers.
Regular givers
If you regularly give to People & Planet through a direct debit or standing order we will use your name, email, phone, address to keep in touch from time to time about our campaigns, projects, appeals etc. and also to contact you about anything to do with administering your payments. If you have made a Gift Aid declaration we will also use your data in our Gift Aid claims, as required of us by HMRC.
When you set up a payment from your bank you will supply your bank sort code and account number. We use secure third party systems for setting up and managing our direct debits and we do not keep your bank details ourselves. Staff access to the third party services is restricted to financial administrators only. If you have a standing order to us then it's different because your bank details are used to match the income from our bank statements to your record. For this case we ensure that sort code and account numbers are only stored in encrypted form and that access to the unencrypted data is only given to staff who need that (e.g. for monthly upload of data and for technical systems administration).
Once you're set up we will receive and store further information about your giving from our payment processor, e.g. payments that have been attempted and whether they were successful or not.
We process your data for these purposes under the legitimate interest legal basis (e.g. administrative communications related to your being a supporter, or submitting your data to the Inland Revenue if you have given a Gift Aid declaration) and/or contract legal basis (we have offered an opportunity to support our work and you have agreed to do so with a regular gift). Any marketing communications (e.g. to ask you to consider increasing your giving) will be on a consent legal basis.
If you would like to become a regular giver, you can sign up securely online.
If you would like to increase, reduce, change or stop your regular giving, please call or email us.
If you would like to check, correct or update your details, including giving or revoking consent, please email us.
Other Donors
If you have made a donation or payment to People & Planet, for example using a secure online card payment on our website, we will use your name, email, phone, address to keep in touch from time to time about our campaigns, projects, appeals etc. and also to contact you about anything to do with administering your payment. If you have made a Gift Aid declaration we will also use your data in our Gift Aid claims, as required of us by HMRC.
Please note that People & Planet does not have access to your credit/debit card details. We use third party secure payment service providers for taking card payments which means that your card details are never accessible to us.
We process your data for these purposes under the legitimate interest legal basis (e.g. administrative communications related to your being a supporter, or submitting your data to the Inland Revenue if you have given a Gift Aid declaration) and/or contract legal basis (we have offered an opportunity to support our work and you have agreed to do so with a donation). Any marketing communications (e.g. to ask you to consider increasing your giving) will be on a consent legal basis.
If you would like to make a donation you can donate securely online.
If you would like to check, correct or update your details, please email us.
Email newsletters
If you have signed up to receive our email newsletters (which you can do from the dedicated signup box on the website, or you may have done by checking an opt-in box as part of another process such as a donation) we will use your details to send and personalise emails we send. The legal basis for this is consent and these communications may be categorised as "direct marketing" under the GDPR since they can include the opportunity to support our work financially, e.g. donations, event tickets etc.
If you would like to receive our email newsletter, please use the box at the top of the website to sign up.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our email newsletter, please click the unsubscribe link which is at the bottom of every email we send. We will record this as you having revoked your consent.
If you would like to check, correct or update your details, please email us.
Activists, event attendees, petition signers, organisers...
We're a campaigning and movement building organisation so we need to know who's done which of our activities so we can communicate effectively and win campaigns. So we will store information including which university/school/college/campaiging group people attend(ed), which events people have attended or booked for, which online petitions or other such actions have been taken etc.
We use your data and contact you for the purposes of supporting our work building a movement for change as is appropriate to the level(s) of involvement you've got with us; e.g. if you book for an event we need to know data about your booking and need to communicate about the event; if you're a key contact in our grassroots network then we'll be in touch about how to support your campaigning; if you sign a petition we'll need to keep your details as a record of who's given their support for that issue. The basis for such processing is legitimate interest (that of us being able to organise the work we do) and/or contract (we've offered you a service or opportunity that you've accepted). However, any "marketing" communications (e.g. asking for donations) is done using your having given your consent for this. Where the data constitutes special category personal data (which include political opinions) it's processed under Article 9 para 2.d in that it is done by us, as a not-for-profit charity, and only for our stated purposes.
If you would like to check, correct or update your details, please email us.
Social Media
You can follow/friend us on Facebook and Twitter. We may store your page or twitter user name in our database for ease of access, if you have provided this to us.
Your rights
We're trying to build a movement social and environmental justice, we're not here to spam people! It's really important that we only have correct, up-do-date information so please do get in touch if anything has changed.
We don't give/share/sell your data to anyone else except in cases where it's necessary for specific purposes. In those situations - e.g. if we are campaigning in partnership with another organisation - we will make it explicitly clear what, who and why we're doing that before we collect your data.
Where possible, your information is processed within the EU. In other cases we use internet services that may mean your data is transferred outside of the EU: where we do this we ensure that your rights are still protected by some other legal means (e.g. US companies that are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield agreement). Non-EU third parties that we use are:
Control Shift Labs (petition tools)
GoCardless (direct debits)
Google
EventBrite
Mailchimp (email)
RSM2000 (direct debits)
Stripe (secure card payments)
We keep data as long as we need it for our organisational purposes, including historical records and statistical analysis and as such we may store your data for a longer period than you are actively involved with us for. In some cases we may use an anonymisation process on old data so that it is no longer personally identifiable.
The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:
The right to be informed (that's what this page is all about!)
The right of access (get in touch if you'd like to know what information we have on you and how we're using it)
The right to rectification (get in touch if anything's wrong or out of date)
The right to erasure (get in touch if you would like to request this)
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object (you can revoke consent at any time - get in touch directly or use an unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our "marketing" emails. If you object to any other processing of your data please contact us with the details of your objection. In certain cases where we have failed to resolve your objection, you have the right to object to the Information Commissioner's Office. Check out the ICO's page on this.)
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. (we don't do this)
Questions?
We understand the need for control over personal data and respect your privacy. If there's anything you want to ask us about your data - what we've got and how we use it - please drop us a line and we'll get back to you ASAP.