https://perfectpractice.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyuser2018-07-30T22:18:50-04:00
ADC Legal Systems, Inc is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitor’s personally identifiable information. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at the site.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
To enable visitors to take advantage of the ADC Legal Systems, Inc web site, we collect certain types of personally identifiable information from visitors.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about our visitors when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Time Warner).
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products or services.
Legal Process
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request.
Choices/Opt-Out
ADC Legal Systems, Inc may contact you to provide you with opportunities to purchase products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, just let us know by responding directly to the email or contacting remove@perfectpractice.com
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our site, we may use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), and save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
Security
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent against unauthorized access to information that we collect online.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this statement or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us info@perfectpractice.com
Just Released!
Perfect Practice® introduces Human Resources and Compliance. You don’t want to miss this!
View More
×
×
File Sharing
Cancel
Share
Go to Top