https://perforatedpaperonline.com/privacy-policy/
My Account
Cart
1-800-364-1509
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Policies
PRIVACY: We value your business and we want your online experience to be both satisfying and secure. Information we receive from you is never sold, rented, or otherwise distributed to any third party for any reason. That is our promise.
SHIPPING: Orders for items that are in stock and that are received by 1:00 PM EST will normally be shipped on the same day. However, we make it our goal to ship all orders within 1-2 business days. We try our best to ship all custom orders not requiring a die to be manufactured within 5 business days.
Unless requested otherwise, standard shipping is UPS Ground or USPS Priority Mail, whichever is most cost effective for you.For more detailed shipping information regarding UPS and USPS, please visit About Shipping.
RETURNS: We take extra care in fully describing our items in detail and provide downloads of all software and User Manuals for you to use and review before purchasing. We are, therefore, confident that you will be satisfied with your order. If you have any questions about the item(s) you are ordering – or if you would like us to send you blank samples – please email us before placing your order.
Perforated Paper: We will gladly accept back perforated or scored stock that is unused and unopened in the original shrink wrap in which it was shipped, if received within 10 days of your receipt. To the extent that items are in the same condition as when shipped, refunds will be limited to cost of items minus any shipping and handling charges.
Custom Orders: Custom orders such as pre-printed or specially pre-perforated or pre-scored stock is not returnable and cannot be cancelled once the order has been placed and the order processed. If a mistake is made on our part, we will either refund your total purchase amount or replace your order, at our option.
Software: We provide a free downloadable Evaluation Version of all software products for you to use and scrutinize before purchasing. We are confident that our software will perform as we describe it, but nevertheless suggest you download and use the Evaluation copy first. Accordingly, refunds will not be made in all instances in which an Activation Code is provided for a particular Registration ID.
ORDER PROCESSING: Once you submit your order online, you will receive an automatic email confirmation providing details of your purchase. Your order confirmation will include all pertinent information including price, shipping costs and any applicable sales tax (PA residents only). Non-profit organizations located in Pennsylvania should be prepared to provide proof of their non-profit status.
PRICING: Please note that all prices are in U.S. currency. Unless you are an existing customer with an open account, payment must be made at time of purchase and prior to shipping.
INSPECTION: Immediately inspect the item(s) you have received. If you receive an incomplete or incorrect order, you must contact us no later than five (5) days after receiving the merchandise. Keep all contents and original packing material.
LOST OR REROUTED SHIPMENTS: Sales receipts and tracking numbers are normally sent via email within 24 business hours of shipping. Please notify us as soon as you suspect an order may be lost or was sent to the wrong address. If an order was sent to an address other than the one requested, we will immediately contact the carrier and arrange for rerouting of the package. We will, of course, assume all related shipping expenses. If the carrier (UPS, Fed Ex, USPS, etc.) confirms their receipt of and delivery to you of your order, and you claim not to have received the package, the matter must be settled between you and the carrier. We will provide you with any relevant shipping information that may help you in your claim.
DAMAGE: Because of the special handling required with heavier paper shipments, we take extra precautions to pack our orders to prevent damage. If, despite our efforts, your order does arrive damaged, you must call, fax or email us immediately. Keep all contents and original packing material. Do not repack and do not return the items back to us until you are notified by us. Sometimes this will void the insurance and we will not be able to give you a refund.
Any shortages or damages must be noted on the bill of lading at the time of delivery. If damage is found after the driver has left, the trucking company must be notified and a claim filed. Make all claims promptly. Most times an inspector will be sent out to see the damage or to note a shortage. If you discover shortages or damages after the driver has left, it is your responsibility to seek reimbursement from the trucking company for any shortages or damages. The trucking company will provide the appropriate forms for filing a claim.
(Return to Top)
Home        |        Contact Us         |        About Us        |        Privacy Policy        |        About Shipping
(c) 2020 Myriad Data Corporation
Home
Perforated Paper
Raffle Tickets
Bulletins/Invoices
Prayer Cards
CLEARANCE
Silent Auction Cards
Service Folders
Telephone Tear-Offs
Door Hangers
Post Cards
FUNERAL Procession Tags
Prayer Card Pouches
Printing Software
TicketMeister Pro
PrintMeister
BingoMeister
BulletinMeister
PrayerCard Pro
MemorialMaster
FREE Downloads
Custom Perforating
Contact