https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/317/
Skip to main content
Search
Clear input
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
My item hasn’t arrived yet, what should I do?
Important information:
During these unprecedented times, we continue to work hard to collect, process and deliver the UK’s mail. However, despite our best endeavours, it’s likely some areas of the country will experience some level of disruption due to Coronavirus-related absences at local mail centres or delivery offices. We’re sorry about this. Every item of mail is important to us, so we’re working hard to keep any delays to a minimum. Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Find out more about changes to our services during this time.
International deliveries - We're working with our airline and postal/courier partners across the globe to maintain services, however delays should be expected. Visit royalmail.com/internationalupdates for more information.
When your parcel or letter will arrive depends on which service used to send it.
Click on the service used to find out about our delivery aims and when you should let us know it’s delayed.
Related help
Situations when Royal Mail can’t deliver mail
Labelling on the letter/parcel was incorrect
What is Track your item and how do I use it?
Concerns about the size or contents of an item
Claims Centre
Items sent using our Inland services:
1st Class
(incl Royal Mail Signed For® 1st Class, Royal Mail 24®, 1st Class Parcels)
We aim to deliver by the next working day.
(Please add an extra working day if there's a Redirection in place.)
Exceptions and what's classed as a working day differ for each service. See Royal Mail Signed For® 1st Class and 1st Class Parcels for more details.
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 10 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
If you’re the recipient please contact the sender. They will contact us to make enquiries on your behalf.
2nd Class
(incl Royal Mail Signed For® 2nd Class, Royal Mail 48®, 2nd Class Parcels)
We aim to deliver within 2 - 3 working days. (Please add an extra working day if there's a Redirection in place.)
Exceptions and what's classed as a working day differ for each service. See Royal Mail Signed For® 2nd Class and 2nd Class Parcels for more details.
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 10 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
If you’re the recipient please contact the sender. They will contact us to make enquiries on your behalf.
Royal Mail Special Delivery Guaranteed®
We aim to deliver on the guaranteed delivery time and date. (Please add an extra working day if there's a Redirection in place.)
Please note due to the current coronavirus situation, we’ve made the following changes:
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 9am - From 28 September 2020 onwards we'll guarantee deliveries by 11.00am the next working day.
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 1pm - From 28 September 2020 onwards we'll guarantee deliveries by 4.00pm the next working day.
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 5 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
If you’re the recipient please contact the sender. They will contact us to make enquiries on your behalf.
Royal Mail Tracked Services
(incl Royal Mail Tracked 24®, Royal Mail Tracked 48®, Royal Mail Tracked Returns)
Items sent using our International services:
International Signed, International Tracked or International Tracked and Signed
For delivery in Europe
We aim to deliver within 3 - 5 working days.
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 20 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
For delivery in the Rest of the word
We aim to deliver within 5 - 7 working days.
We endeavour to meet our delivery aims, however for extremely remote locations (e.g. South Pacific Islands) this may not be possible
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 25 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
International Standard
For delivery in Europe
We aim to deliver within 3 - 5 working days.
If the item hasn’t been delivered by the due date plus 20 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
For delivery worldwide
We aim to deliver within 6 - 7 working days.
We endeavour to meet our delivery aims, however for extremely remote locations (e.g. South Pacific Islands) this may not be possible
If the item been delivered by the due date plus 25 working days the sender might be able to claim for compensation. Check eligibility on our Claims Centre. (Please note, early claims cannot be processed.)
We're working with our airline and postal/courier partners across the globe to maintain services, however delays should be expected. Visit royalmail.com/internationalupdates for more information.
I've had my delivery today and the item I was expecting didn't arrive. When will I get it?
There are occasions when we deliver an item separately from your usual delivery; for example, a large item or a Special Delivery Guaranteed item. So your item may still arrive today.
If you have a reference number you can check the status of your delivery using Track your item. If your item is 'ready for delivery, it should arrive with you the next time we deliver to your address.
Find out more if the status of your item hasn't changed as expected.
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Breadcrumb
Home
Current page:
My item hasn’t arrived yet, what should I do?
Clear