https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/52
Skip to main content
Search
Clear input
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
What is Track your item and how do I use it?
Track your item lets you check the latest information on items sent with our signed for or tracked services.
The website will show the most up-to-date information we have.
How do I use Track your item?
Type in your reference number. This will be 9-27 characters long and will be on your Post Office® receipt and the label showing the service used. Or, if you're the recipient, it will be given to you by the sender. Find out more about reference numbers.
Press the 'Track your delivery' button.
You may have to complete a quick CAPTCHA test. This is a security measure and makes sure you're human and not a bot.
Pick the boxes containing the images you’re asked to identify and hit 'Verify'.
You can now see tracking information for your item.
Which services can I use Track your item with?
Royal Mail Special Delivery Guaranteed®
Royal Mail Tracked 24® (signature on delivery optional)
Royal Mail Tracked 48® (signature on delivery optional)
International Tracked & Signed*
International Tracked
International Signed*
You can also see delivery confirmation for the following services:
Royal Mail Signed For® 1st Class**
Royal Mail Signed For® 2nd Class**
Royal Mail 24® (signature on delivery optional)
Royal Mail 48® (signature on delivery optional)
1st Class and 2nd Class - small and medium parcels only (no signature) **
*A signature is taken on delivery. However, we don't provide a copy of the signature to you as part of the service and it's not available to view online.
**Our Royal Mail Signed For® and 1st and 2nd Class parcel services aren't tracked throughout their journey. They provide the sender with online delivery confirmation. Royal Mail Signed For® also provides a signature from the recipient upon delivery.
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Related help
I need help with my reference number
Help tracking items posted to the UK from another country
My item hasn't arrived yet, what should I do?
What does my tracking message mean?
I need help with my Redelivery
Breadcrumb
Home
Current page:
What is Track your item and how do I use it?
Clear