https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/106/
Skip Navigation
Close
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Cookies help us improve your Royal Mail online experience. If you accept their use, continue using our site. Or, find out more about cookies
PersonalBusiness
Skip to main content
Log in or register
Log in or register
Close
If you are already registered on royalmail.com, please enter your details here:
*Indicates a required field
Your login details will be sent across a secure connection.
*Email address
*Password
(Your password must have 8 characters or more and contain at least one letter and one number with no spaces.)
Forgotten your password?
Send me a new password
If you have not already registered, you can do so now. Register
Other Royal Mail accounts
Log in to Online Business Account
Log in to Despatch Manager Online
Search this site
Sending mail
Tools
Buy postage online
Return an item
Find a service near you
Shop for stamps
Find a postcode
UK parcels and letters
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 9am
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 1pm
Royal Mail Tracked 24®
Royal Mail Tracked 48®
1st Class
2nd Class
Sameday courier
All UK services and prices
International
International Tracked and Signed
International Tracked
International Standard
Country customs and restrictions
All international services and prices
See all mailing services
Track and manage
Tools
Track your item
Arrange a Redelivery
Return an item
Pay a fee
Find your delivery office
Moving?
Redirect your mail
Going away?
Hold your mail
Get a PO Box
Apply for a PO Box
See all receiving services
Stamps and supplies
Postage and packaging
1st and 2nd Class stamps
Stamp books
Stamp sheets
Envelopes
Packaging materials
See all packaging materials
Business mail supplies
Special stamp issues
Star Trek
Christmas 2020
Brilliant Bugs
Rupert Bear
Queen
Stamp Calendar
See all special stamp issues
Collectibles and gifts
Presentation packs and sets
Framed stamps and prints
First Day covers
Coins and medals
Annual collections
See all collectibles and gifts
Bundles
Visit Shop
Help
Help with tracking
Track your item help
Tracking international items
What our tracking messages mean
My tracking message says it's been delivered but it hasn't been
Get in touch
Latest service updates
How to make a claim
Contact Royal Mail
Help with your mail
How to collect a missed delivery
Letter and parcel size guide
Restrictions and prohibitions
Wrapping and packaging your mail
Customs information
Redirection support
How to address your mail
Help with a Redelivery
I think my mail is lost
When we can't deliver
See all help & support
Business services
Services for businesses
Royal Mail for small and medium sized businesses
Royal Mail for large businesses and public sector
Business tools
Online Business Account
Despatch Manager Online
See all business services
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. We are open for business. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
Home
Personal Customers Help Centre
Help with customs and sending items abroad
Are you a business customer?
Go to our Business Customers Help Centre
Personal Customers Help Centre
Search
We're here to help
Advanced SearchOpens new dialog
Search Tips
Search terms
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by product.
Filter by product
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a product
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by category.
Filter by category
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a category
Sort by
Default
Summary
New or Updated
Description
Date Updated
Direction
Ascending
Descending
Search our Help Centre
Search
Help with customs and sending items abroad
Recipient email
*
Your email
*
Your name
*
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Do I need to fill out a customs form?*
Yes, if you’re sending goods (including gifts) to a country outside the EU.
*In the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit, you will need to complete customs declarations form (CN22 or CN23) for goods sent to EU countries.
How do I fill out a customs declaration form?
There are two types of form, depending on the value of the items sent. Please make sure you use the correct one:
For items with a value up to £270 use customs declaration form CN22
For items with a value over £270 use customs declaration form CN23
You can also get these forms from any Post Office® branch. (To minimise adverse environmental impact, existing stocks of the 'old style' CN22 labels can still be used.)
If you are sending items using International Standard and intend to purchase postage at a Post Office® branch, please get your CN22 at the same time as it will include a unique barcode.
To accelerate customs clearance, you must complete all applicable fields, writing in English, French or in a language accepted by the destination country. Following these instructions will lower the chance of the item being delayed or returned:
Using BLOCK CAPITALS
Select a reason for export.
Describe each item e.g. ‘Men’s cotton shirt’.  Generic descriptions such as ‘clothes’ are not acceptable.
For each item type (commodity) described, provide the total quantity, weight and value.  Write the currency if it is anything other than GBP, for example CHF for Swiss Francs.
The overall totals should be added in the boxes below.
Sign and date the form.  This confirms your liability for the item
Write your name and address on the CN22 if there’s an allocated space for it, otherwise it should be written on the top left corner of your package. This is required by overseas customs authorities and will help us to return your item if they won’t allow it into their country.
Fix the form to the outside of your package. If you’re using form CN23, use the plastic wallet available from Post Office® branches.
For commercial items only
It is recommended that you attach an invoice to the outside, as it will assist Customs in processing the items.
‘Gift’ is not an acceptable reason for export.
If known, add the 6-digit HS tariff number.  This must be based on the Harmonised Commodity Description and Coding System developed by the World Customs Organisation.
If known, add the Country of origin.  This means the country where the goods originated e.g. were produced, manufactured or assembled.
Please be aware:
Goods may be subject to customs charges and fees. These depend on the contents’ value. The recipient will have to pay these before the parcel is released to them.
The customs authorities in the destination country determine if charges are due on imported goods.
The levels and thresholds of charges vary from country to country. Royal Mail cannot advise on what these may be. Please contact the embassy or customs authority of the destination country for help.
Find out more about sending gifts or goods abroad with HMRC’s guide for international post users
Do EU countries need a customs declaration form?
No, you don’t need a customs form for any EU country. These are:
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain (not including the Canary Islands) and Sweden.
*In the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit, you will need to complete customs declarations form (CN22 or CN23) for goods sent to EU countries.
Which countries need a customs declaration form?
Any country not in the list of EU countries above, including:
Channel Islands – Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Herm and Sark
Andorra
Canary Islands
Gibraltar
San Marino
Vatican City State
I’m sending mail to the Channel Islands. Do I need to complete a customs declaration form?
Yes, if you’re sending any goods or gifts to these destinations.
This includes Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Herm and Sark.
Please note: gifts and goods sent to Jersey may be liable for GST (Goods and Service Tax), currently 5%.
Find out more about sending mail to the Channel Islands
I’m sending mail to a British Forces Post Office (BFPO) destination. Do I need to complete a customs declaration form?
HMRC pays particular attention to all HM Forces Mail arriving in or leaving the UK.
You must complete a customs declaration if you’re sending gifts or goods to any BFPO destination. This is regardless of value.
Please attach the form to the outside of the item.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Opens a dialog to provide details of your feedback
Please send your website feedback here - we won’t reply to your message. If you want to contact us about something that needs a response, please contact us here.
If you have a reference number and want to check where your item is, please use Track your item.
Email
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Related help
Help with paying customs fees
I've received a grey Fee to pay card
Click & Drop - Customs information
Top tips for sending mail overseas
International Incident Bulletin
All our advisors are busy helping other customers. Please see our other ways to contact us here:
Contact us
Tools
Track your item
Postcode finder
Price finder
Online postage
Book a Redelivery
Get the Royal Mail App
Help and support
Royal Mail Group
Contact us
Collect a missed delivery
I think my mail is lost
Service updates
How to make a claim
Mail
About us
UK services
International services
Stamps
Our prices
Redirect your mail
Our Partners
Parcelforce Worldwide
Supporting Action for Children
Stamp retailers
Follow us on Linkedin share on facebook
share on twitter
Jobs
Royal Mail Group
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Terms of use
Cookies
Accessibility
© Royal Mail Group Ltd 2019.
Cookies Policy Cookies are small text files stored by your device when you access most websites on the internet. We will use two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and do not remain on your computer. Persistent cookies - these are stored in the longer term on your computer. They are normally used to make sure the site remembers your preferences.
www.royalmail.com (this Website) uses cookies in order to make it easier to use and to support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you. Cookies also provide us with information about how this Website is used so we can keep it is as up to date, relevant and error free as possible. Further information about the types of cookies in use on this Website is set out below.
By using this Website you agree to the use of cookies. Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this Website. You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this Website through your browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Please note that preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of this Website, or prevent you from using certain services provided through it. If you choose to prevent cookies, we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through this Website or be sure how this Website will perform during your visit. Preventing cookies will also affect our ability to update this Website to cater for user preferences and improve its performance.
The types of cookies we currently use on this Website are set out below. The cookie categories are based on the category definitions contained in the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide .
Cookie Category
Details
Strictly necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this Website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this Website to provide services at the request of users.
This Website use strictly necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to this Website
Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the checkout page
Remember things like information you've entered on order forms when you navigate to different pages during your session on this Website
Remember things like service selections you have made which are essential for us to provide you with services you have requested
Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works
Performance
Performance cookies allow us to update this Website to cater for Website user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this Website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These cookies don't collect information that identifies individuals. All information is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This Website use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how this Website is used (including selections that you have made and goods and services that you have viewed, during your use of this Website)
See how effective our adverts are
Enable us to track and improve this Website by analysing visitor behaviour and results.
Improve the management and performance of tags on this Website.
Functional
Functional cookies allow this Website to remember choices you make, e.g. your user name, log in details and language preferences and any customisations you make to Website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
This Website use functional cookies to:
Identify you as having consented to use of cookies by this Website
Remember settings you've applied (such as layout, text size, preferences and colours)
Remember selections you have made (such as search functions and results, and goods and services)
Apply customised content segments to individual users
Apply users' individual service specifications (such as usage or credit allowance)
Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits on this Website in order to make advertising both on this Website and other websites you subsequently visit relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
This website uses the following targeting/advertising cookies:
Google / DoubleClick
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/ads/)
Turn Audience
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.turn.com/privacy/)
Cognitive Match
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://cognitivematch.com/privacy_policy)
You can also manage many organisations’ cookies used for online advertising at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices