https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/146
Skip Navigation
Close
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Cookies help us improve your Royal Mail online experience. If you accept their use, continue using our site. Or, find out more about cookies
PersonalBusiness
Skip to main content
Log in or register
Log in or register
Close
If you are already registered on royalmail.com, please enter your details here:
*Indicates a required field
Your login details will be sent across a secure connection.
*Email address
*Password
(Your password must have 8 characters or more and contain at least one letter and one number with no spaces.)
Forgotten your password?
Send me a new password
If you have not already registered, you can do so now. Register
Other Royal Mail accounts
Log in to Online Business Account
Log in to Despatch Manager Online
Search this site
Sending mail
Tools
Buy postage online
Return an item
Find a service near you
Shop for stamps
Find a postcode
UK parcels and letters
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 9am
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 1pm
Royal Mail Tracked 24®
Royal Mail Tracked 48®
1st Class
2nd Class
Sameday courier
All UK services and prices
International
International Tracked and Signed
International Tracked
International Standard
Country customs and restrictions
All international services and prices
See all mailing services
Track and manage
Tools
Track your item
Arrange a Redelivery
Return an item
Pay a fee
Find your delivery office
Moving?
Redirect your mail
Going away?
Hold your mail
Get a PO Box
Apply for a PO Box
See all receiving services
Stamps and supplies
Postage and packaging
1st and 2nd Class stamps
Stamp books
Stamp sheets
Envelopes
Packaging materials
See all packaging materials
Business mail supplies
Special stamp issues
Star Trek
Christmas 2020
Brilliant Bugs
Rupert Bear
Queen
Stamp Calendar
See all special stamp issues
Collectibles and gifts
Presentation packs and sets
Framed stamps and prints
First Day covers
Coins and medals
Annual collections
See all collectibles and gifts
Bundles
Visit Shop
Help
Help with tracking
Track your item help
Tracking international items
What our tracking messages mean
My tracking message says it's been delivered but it hasn't been
Get in touch
Latest service updates
How to make a claim
Contact Royal Mail
Help with your mail
How to collect a missed delivery
Letter and parcel size guide
Restrictions and prohibitions
Wrapping and packaging your mail
Customs information
Redirection support
How to address your mail
Help with a Redelivery
I think my mail is lost
When we can't deliver
See all help & support
Business services
Services for businesses
Royal Mail for small and medium sized businesses
Royal Mail for large businesses and public sector
Business tools
Online Business Account
Despatch Manager Online
See all business services
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. We are open for business. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
Home
Personal Customers Help Centre
How to collect a missed delivery
Are you a business customer?
Go to our Business Customers Help Centre
Personal Customers Help Centre
Search
We're here to help
Advanced SearchOpens new dialog
Search Tips
Search terms
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by product.
Filter by product
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a product
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by category.
Filter by category
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a category
Sort by
Default
Summary
New or Updated
Description
Date Updated
Direction
Ascending
Descending
Search our Help Centre
Search
How to collect a missed delivery
Recipient email
*
Your email
*
Your name
*
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Some businesses offer Local Collect / click and collect as the delivery option when you order items online.
If you selected this option, here’s how to collect your item.
If nobody was in when we attempted to deliver something to your address, we’ll leave a red 'something for you' card. The card explains why we couldn’t deliver and shows how you can collect your item or arrange a Redelivery.
The card will either detail the office opening hours or ask you to check royalmail.com/services-near-you or the Royal Mail app for times.
We'll also leave a red card if we've left it with a neighbour, or in your Safeplace.
How to collect my item
You can collect your item from your local Customer Service Point (CSP). Your card will give details of where this is and the opening hours. It will also tell you how long to wait before trying to collect. Find the CSP for your postcode.
We’ll hold items for 18 days. If they’re not redelivered or collected in that time, we’ll return them to the sender.
If your item was sent using Royal Mail Tracked 24 or 48®, as well as leaving you a 'Something for you' card we may also send you an electronic SMS/email notification to let you know your item is ready to collect.
What ID do I need to collect my item?
To keep your mail as secure as possible, we'll need to see proof of ID before handing any item over.
Please make sure you bring:
The Something for you card, (or SMS/email notification). Without this you can’t collect your item.
You’ll also need one of the following items:
Credit or debit card
Bank or building society cheque/savings book
Valid passport
Driving licence
NHS medical card
Photo ID card (foreign national, military, police warrant, Royal Mail employee, NHS or senior citizen bus pass)
Please note:
If your item was sent using our Age Verification service and you look under 25 your ID will need to include proof of age. Find out more
If your item was sent using our ID Verification service your ID will need to include photo ID to prove you're the named individual. Find out more.
How to collect an item for someone else
(Not applicable for items sent using our ID verification service. Find out more.)
Please bring the Something for you card (or electronic SMS/email notification) and one of the above forms of ID, in the name of the person the item is addressed to.
If you can’t bring any of the above ID in the name of the person the item is addressed to, you can still collect. This also applies if you are collecting an item addressed to a child.
You’ll need to bring:
The Something for you card (or electronic SMS/email notification)
Your photo ID (driving licence*, passport, foreign national ID, military ID card, police warrant card, Royal Mail employee card, NHS medical card or senior citizen bus pass)
Proof you live at the address on the Something for you card (driving licence*, bank statement, television licence, utility bill or home insurance certificate)
* We will accept a photocard driving licence as both photo ID and proof of address.
Please note: we can only accept original, recent documents.
I’ve received a yellow 'Sorry we missed you' card, what do I need to do?
You don’t need to book a Redelivery or collect your mail if you’ve received a yellow card, we’ll automatically try and deliver it again the next working day.
If we still can’t deliver it, then we’ll leave a red 'Something for you' card and you can collect it or have it redelivered in the usual way.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Opens a dialog to provide details of your feedback
Please send your website feedback here - we won’t reply to your message. If you want to contact us about something that needs a response, please contact us here.
If you have a reference number and want to check where your item is, please use Track your item.
Email
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Related help
I need help with my Redelivery
I've picked Local Collect / click and collect as the delivery option, how do I get my item?
I missed my delivery but lost the ‘Something for you’ card
Items delivered to my designated Safeplace
What happens if you can’t deliver my mail?
All our advisors are busy helping other customers. Please see our other ways to contact us here:
Contact us
Tools
Track your item
Postcode finder
Price finder
Online postage
Book a Redelivery
Get the Royal Mail App
Help and support
Royal Mail Group
Contact us
Collect a missed delivery
I think my mail is lost
Service updates
How to make a claim
Mail
About us
UK services
International services
Stamps
Our prices
Redirect your mail
Our Partners
Parcelforce Worldwide
Supporting Action for Children
Stamp retailers
Follow us on Linkedin share on facebook
share on twitter
Jobs
Royal Mail Group
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Terms of use
Cookies
Accessibility
© Royal Mail Group Ltd 2019.
Cookies Policy Cookies are small text files stored by your device when you access most websites on the internet. We will use two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and do not remain on your computer. Persistent cookies - these are stored in the longer term on your computer. They are normally used to make sure the site remembers your preferences.
www.royalmail.com (this Website) uses cookies in order to make it easier to use and to support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you. Cookies also provide us with information about how this Website is used so we can keep it is as up to date, relevant and error free as possible. Further information about the types of cookies in use on this Website is set out below.
By using this Website you agree to the use of cookies. Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this Website. You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this Website through your browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Please note that preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of this Website, or prevent you from using certain services provided through it. If you choose to prevent cookies, we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through this Website or be sure how this Website will perform during your visit. Preventing cookies will also affect our ability to update this Website to cater for user preferences and improve its performance.
The types of cookies we currently use on this Website are set out below. The cookie categories are based on the category definitions contained in the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide .
Cookie Category
Details
Strictly necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this Website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this Website to provide services at the request of users.
This Website use strictly necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to this Website
Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the checkout page
Remember things like information you've entered on order forms when you navigate to different pages during your session on this Website
Remember things like service selections you have made which are essential for us to provide you with services you have requested
Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works
Performance
Performance cookies allow us to update this Website to cater for Website user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this Website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These cookies don't collect information that identifies individuals. All information is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This Website use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how this Website is used (including selections that you have made and goods and services that you have viewed, during your use of this Website)
See how effective our adverts are
Enable us to track and improve this Website by analysing visitor behaviour and results.
Improve the management and performance of tags on this Website.
Functional
Functional cookies allow this Website to remember choices you make, e.g. your user name, log in details and language preferences and any customisations you make to Website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
This Website use functional cookies to:
Identify you as having consented to use of cookies by this Website
Remember settings you've applied (such as layout, text size, preferences and colours)
Remember selections you have made (such as search functions and results, and goods and services)
Apply customised content segments to individual users
Apply users' individual service specifications (such as usage or credit allowance)
Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits on this Website in order to make advertising both on this Website and other websites you subsequently visit relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
This website uses the following targeting/advertising cookies:
Google / DoubleClick
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/ads/)
Turn Audience
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.turn.com/privacy/)
Cognitive Match
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://cognitivematch.com/privacy_policy)
You can also manage many organisations’ cookies used for online advertising at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices