https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/86
Skip Navigation
Close
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Cookies help us improve your Royal Mail online experience. If you accept their use, continue using our site. Or, find out more about cookies
PersonalBusiness
Skip to main content
Log in or register
Log in or register
Close
If you are already registered on royalmail.com, please enter your details here:
*Indicates a required field
Your login details will be sent across a secure connection.
*Email address
*Password
(Your password must have 8 characters or more and contain at least one letter and one number with no spaces.)
Forgotten your password?
Send me a new password
If you have not already registered, you can do so now. Register
Other Royal Mail accounts
Log in to Online Business Account
Log in to Despatch Manager Online
Search this site
Sending mail
Tools
Buy postage online
Return an item
Find a service near you
Shop for stamps
Find a postcode
UK parcels and letters
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 9am
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 1pm
Royal Mail Tracked 24®
Royal Mail Tracked 48®
1st Class
2nd Class
Sameday courier
All UK services and prices
International
International Tracked and Signed
International Tracked
International Standard
Country customs and restrictions
All international services and prices
See all mailing services
Track and manage
Tools
Track your item
Arrange a Redelivery
Return an item
Pay a fee
Find your delivery office
Moving?
Redirect your mail
Going away?
Hold your mail
Get a PO Box
Apply for a PO Box
See all receiving services
Stamps and supplies
Postage and packaging
1st and 2nd Class stamps
Stamp books
Stamp sheets
Envelopes
Packaging materials
See all packaging materials
Business mail supplies
Special stamp issues
Star Trek
Christmas 2020
Brilliant Bugs
Rupert Bear
Queen
Stamp Calendar
See all special stamp issues
Collectibles and gifts
Presentation packs and sets
Framed stamps and prints
First Day covers
Coins and medals
Annual collections
See all collectibles and gifts
Bundles
Visit Shop
Help
Help with tracking
Track your item help
Tracking international items
What our tracking messages mean
My tracking message says it's been delivered but it hasn't been
Get in touch
Latest service updates
How to make a claim
Contact Royal Mail
Help with your mail
How to collect a missed delivery
Letter and parcel size guide
Restrictions and prohibitions
Wrapping and packaging your mail
Customs information
Redirection support
How to address your mail
Help with a Redelivery
I think my mail is lost
When we can't deliver
See all help & support
Business services
Services for businesses
Royal Mail for small and medium sized businesses
Royal Mail for large businesses and public sector
Business tools
Online Business Account
Despatch Manager Online
See all business services
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. We are open for business. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
Home
Personal Customers Help Centre
Wrapping and packaging advice - general and item specific
Are you a business customer?
Go to our Business Customers Help Centre
Personal Customers Help Centre
Search
We're here to help
Advanced SearchOpens new dialog
Search Tips
Search terms
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by product.
Filter by product
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a product
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by category.
Filter by category
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a category
Sort by
Default
Summary
New or Updated
Description
Date Updated
Direction
Ascending
Descending
Search our Help Centre
Search
Wrapping and packaging advice - general and item specific
Recipient email
*
Your email
*
Your name
*
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Making sure your items are safe and secure is easy. Simply wrap, pack and address them correctly.
Write the address clearly on the front following our clear addressing guide lines and always include a postcode when you can. You can search for up to 50 postcodes or addresses, free of charge, with our Postcode Finder.
We use machines to sort your mail and occasionally this can result in packaging being damaged. If we spot a damaged item we will place it in a Royal Mail bag to try and prevent further damage, but it's better to package it correctly first. Please follow these guidelines to make sure you're eligibility for compensation isn't affected if the item doesn't arrive as expected.
General advice for wrapping and packaging your mail
Use padded envelopes for sharp edges or odd shapes.
Make sure any outer containers are strong enough for their contents.
Fragile items shouldn't touch either each other, or the side of the container.
Fill out containers with cushioning material like bubble-wrap or polystyrene chips (available from most Post Office® branches).
Write a return address on the item.
Put a contact name, address and telephone number inside.
Seal securely with nylon or vinyl tape along all edges and openings.
Flatten any sharp edge from staples or metal fastenings, and cover with tape.
Use a 'FRAGILE' sticker, if necessary.
Guidance on wrapping and packaging specific items
Please check our prohibited and restricted information and Country guides to make sure your item can be sent in the mail, and any specific conditions, including wrapping & packaging advice.
Prohibited and restricted items include, but are not limited to; aerosols, alcohol, batteries, crackers, electronic items, lighters, liquids, matches, medicines, nail varnish, paints, perfumes and perishables.
Articles for the Blind
"Articles for the Blind" must be written, printed or appear on a label on the front cover.
Write the sender's name and address clearly on the outer packaging.
All mail posted using this service is subject to inspection and so must be left open, be easy to open and re-seal or the contents must be visible through the packaging.
Exceptions may be made for heavy; up to 7kg, or fragile items that may be unsafe or impractical to remain unsealed. These items may be sent sealed as long as prior notice is given to Royal Mail, please call us on 08456 076 140 or 08456 000 606 (text phone).
More information on Articles for the Blind
Books
The binding and corners of books can get damaged and should be sent with sufficient packaging material to ensure no damage is incurred.
Small books: padded envelope.
Larger books: corrugated fibreboard book pack, giving 2.5cm clearance at each end.
Cameras / Projectors
If you're sending batteries either with or connected to your item, also see royalmail.com/prohibitedgoods
Detach any lens or additional pieces, and if possible use the original retailer's packaging.
Surround in a minimum of 5cm of cushion material and place in a rigid container.
Cash or Money
Do not write or indicate in any way that cash or coins are in the package.
Cash should not be visible through the envelope.
Coins should not be sent in an envelope.
Package them securely in a rigid container.
Additional advice on sending money in the UK
Computer disks, audio and DVDs and CDs
Wrap cushioning material at least 2cm think around each item.
Pack in a rigid, purpose-made container.
We recommend that you use screened envelopes for computer disks.
Electronic items
If you're sending batteries in or with your electronic item please check our prohibited and restricted information.
For small items e.g. iPods, MP3, eBooks, sat nav etc - surround with a minimum of 1cm of cushioning e.g. bubble wrap.
For Medium to Large items e.g. iPads, portable DVD players, laptops, flat screen TV's printers, blue ray players etc - surround with a minimum of 5cm of cushioning e.g. bubble wrap, polystyrene chips or polyblocks to protect from knocks or vibration.
Ensure the pins/plugs are covered in 1cm of cushioning to prevent damage to contents and outer packaging.
Remove all additional or loose parts and wrap each item individually.
Items must be securely placed in a strong, rigid outer container e.g. corrugated fibreboard box and cushioned to avoid movement and packed to prevent accidental activation.
Packaging must be of adequate size and securely sealed so items can't fall out during transit.
The sender's name and return address must be clearly visible on the outer packaging.
Films
Seal in polythene with address details clearly visible.
Put in a strong inner container.
Pack loosely in a padded envelope and seal securely.
Write the sender's name and address clearly on the outer packaging.
Fragile items, i.e. Glass, China, Resin, etc.
Our video shows you how to package fragile items securely
Use some bubble wrap at least 5cm thick and wrap the extremities of the item e.g. limbs of figurines, ears, etc. Then wrap the rest of the item carefully.
Place the item in a strong rigid container, which is ideally the correct size for the item.
If the container is a little large use more bubble wrap or packing foam to secure the item in place within the box.
Seal the container securely.
Address your parcel with the full name, address and postcode, remembering to add a return address, then attach  the correct postage for the service you need.
Keys
Our video shows you how to package keys securely
Write your name and contact number on a label and attach it to your keys.
Take two pieces of cardboard, put the keys between them and tape it all together.
Place it into a padded envelope, which is the correct size.
Seal the envelope securely.
Address your envelope with the full name, address, and postcode, remembering to add a return address, then attach the correct postage for the service you require.
Leaflets and brochures
Up to 1cm thick: padded bag, heavy-duty cardboard envelope or polythene shrink-wrap.
Up to 5cm thick: corrugated paper, thick paper or polythene shrink-wrap.
Magazines and newspapers
You can fold or roll publications in a paper wrapper but this is not ideal.
Up to 1cm thick: padded bag, heavy-duty cardboard envelope or polythene shrink-wrap.
Up to 5cm thick: corrugated paper, thick paper or polythene shrink-wrap. Seal in polythene with address details clearly visible.
Maps, plans and drawings
Place in a rigid cardboard or plastic tube (maximum length 90cm).
Memory card
Our video shows you how to package memory cards securely.
Take two pieces of cardboard, put the memory card between them and tape it all together.
Write your name and phone number on the cardboard.
Place it into a padded envelope, which is the correct size for the item.
Seal the envelope securely.
Address your envelope with the full name, address and postcode, remembering to add a return address, then attach the correct postage for the service you require.
Mobile Phone
If you're sending batteries either with or connected to your item, also see royalmail.com/prohibitedgoods
Our video shows you how to package mobile phones securely.
Wrap the mobile phone with a piece of bubble wrap at least 1cm thick.
If you're including a plug, cover the plug pins with extra bubble wrap.
Place the phone in a rigid container, which is ideally the correct size for the item.
If the container is a little large, use more bubble wrap or packing foam to secure the phone in place, within the box.
Seal the box securely.
Address your parcel with the full name, address and postcode, remembering to add a return address, then attach the correct postage for the service you require.
Powders and fine grains (e.g. tea, coffee)
Place inside a strong container such as strong polythene bag and seal securely with tape.
Place inside a second container and seal again.
The double-wrapped item should be placed in a rigid corrugated box to prevent leakage or tainting of other items.
The sender's name and return address must be clearly visible on the outer packaging.
Prints, frames and mounted canvas
Wrap cushioning material at least 5cm think around each item.
Place between thick board or polystyrene giving 2.5cm clearance at each end.
If glass is in the frame there needs to be a surround of a minimum of 10cm of cushion material and placed in a rigid container.
Prints (unframed)
Wrap in tissue paper.
Place in a heavy duty cardboard envelope or if possible roll and send in a rigid tube, seal and clearly mark package PHOTOGRAPHS - DO NOT BEND.
Records (vinyl discs)
Place between thick card and surround with cushioning material at least 2.5cm longer than the item.
Wrap in strong paper, seal with tape and clearly mark package RECORDS - DO NOT BEND.
USB memory stick
Our video shows you how to package USB memory sticks securely
Take two pieces of cardboard, put the USB drive between them and tape it all together.
Write your name and phone number on the cardboard.
Place it into a padded envelope, which is the correct size for the item.
Seal the envelope securely.
Address your envelope with the full name, address and postcode, remembering to add a return address, then attach the correct postage for the service you require.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Opens a dialog to provide details of your feedback
Please send your website feedback here - we won’t reply to your message. If you want to contact us about something that needs a response, please contact us here.
If you have a reference number and want to check where your item is, please use Track your item.
Email
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Related help
Prohibited and restricted items - advice for personal customers
Size and weight guide – UK letters and parcels
How to address your mail (Clear addressing)
My mail arrived damaged - what should I do?
Sending valuables, money & jewellery in the UK
All our advisors are busy helping other customers. Please see our other ways to contact us here:
Contact us
Tools
Track your item
Postcode finder
Price finder
Online postage
Book a Redelivery
Get the Royal Mail App
Help and support
Royal Mail Group
Contact us
Collect a missed delivery
I think my mail is lost
Service updates
How to make a claim
Mail
About us
UK services
International services
Stamps
Our prices
Redirect your mail
Our Partners
Parcelforce Worldwide
Supporting Action for Children
Stamp retailers
Follow us on Linkedin share on facebook
share on twitter
Jobs
Royal Mail Group
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Terms of use
Cookies
Accessibility
© Royal Mail Group Ltd 2019.
Cookies Policy Cookies are small text files stored by your device when you access most websites on the internet. We will use two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and do not remain on your computer. Persistent cookies - these are stored in the longer term on your computer. They are normally used to make sure the site remembers your preferences.
www.royalmail.com (this Website) uses cookies in order to make it easier to use and to support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you. Cookies also provide us with information about how this Website is used so we can keep it is as up to date, relevant and error free as possible. Further information about the types of cookies in use on this Website is set out below.
By using this Website you agree to the use of cookies. Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this Website. You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this Website through your browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Please note that preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of this Website, or prevent you from using certain services provided through it. If you choose to prevent cookies, we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through this Website or be sure how this Website will perform during your visit. Preventing cookies will also affect our ability to update this Website to cater for user preferences and improve its performance.
The types of cookies we currently use on this Website are set out below. The cookie categories are based on the category definitions contained in the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide .
Cookie Category
Details
Strictly necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this Website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this Website to provide services at the request of users.
This Website use strictly necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to this Website
Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the checkout page
Remember things like information you've entered on order forms when you navigate to different pages during your session on this Website
Remember things like service selections you have made which are essential for us to provide you with services you have requested
Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works
Performance
Performance cookies allow us to update this Website to cater for Website user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this Website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These cookies don't collect information that identifies individuals. All information is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This Website use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how this Website is used (including selections that you have made and goods and services that you have viewed, during your use of this Website)
See how effective our adverts are
Enable us to track and improve this Website by analysing visitor behaviour and results.
Improve the management and performance of tags on this Website.
Functional
Functional cookies allow this Website to remember choices you make, e.g. your user name, log in details and language preferences and any customisations you make to Website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
This Website use functional cookies to:
Identify you as having consented to use of cookies by this Website
Remember settings you've applied (such as layout, text size, preferences and colours)
Remember selections you have made (such as search functions and results, and goods and services)
Apply customised content segments to individual users
Apply users' individual service specifications (such as usage or credit allowance)
Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits on this Website in order to make advertising both on this Website and other websites you subsequently visit relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
This website uses the following targeting/advertising cookies:
Google / DoubleClick
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/ads/)
Turn Audience
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.turn.com/privacy/)
Cognitive Match
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://cognitivematch.com/privacy_policy)
You can also manage many organisations’ cookies used for online advertising at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices