http://pflagkc.org/about/privacy-policy/
Support Line
Support Groups
Join PFLAG Kansas City
Request a Speaker
Donate
PFLAG Kansas City
Offering support, education and advocacy for the LGBTQ community, family, friends and allies
Navigation
About
FAQ
Join PFLAG Kansas City
Organizational Independence From Faith Communities
Privacy Policy
Advocacy
Hate Crimes
Human Sexuality
Intersex
Legalized Discrimination
LGBT as a Protected Class
Marriage Equality
Parenting
Reparative or Conversion Therapy
Safe and Welcoming Schools
Workplace Equality
Support
Support Line
Personal Support
Support Groups
Resources for Parents
LGBTQ Student Support
Kansas City Area Resources
National LGBT Resources
LGBTQ+ Addiction Support
Education
Safe Schools and Communities Program
Request a Speaker
Testimonials
2021 Greater Kansas City PFLAG/GLSEN Scholarship Application
Library
Chapter Newsletter
Contact
Privacy Policy
PFLAG Kansas City is committed to protecting the personal information that you provide to us when using the pflagkc.org site. This Online Privacy Statement describes how we treat all user data collected during your visit to the pflagkc.org site, both anonymous data and personally-identifying data.
PFLAG Kansas City may occasionally update this Statement. We will post any changes on this web page, so be sure to check back periodically.  Any information that you submit after a change has been posted will be subject to the new provisions.
User Data We Collect
We collect two types of user data: (1) anonymous data that is automatically collected from all visitors to the PFLAG Kansas City Site; and (2) personally-identifiable data that you voluntarily submit to us (described below under “Personal Data”).
Anonymous Data
We automatically collect Internet Protocol addresses and domain names (not individual email addresses) through our server, in order to track where visitors to our site our coming from. We also track the number and frequency of hits per page on an aggregate basis.
Personal Data
We may collect Personal Data that you voluntarily provide, such as your name and postal address, phone number, e-mail address, and similar information, when you participate in certain activities on the PFLAG Kansas City Site, including (but not limited to) when you:
register for a PFLAG Kansas City event;
make a contribution to support PFLAG Kansas City;
sign up for our PFLAG Kansas City e-mail list;
participate in one of our online surveys; or
participate in any activity that requires your Personal Data.
If you make a donation to PFLAG Kansas City from a Web site link, we may also identify the source of that link, so that we can evaluate what content is persuading Web users to contribute to PFLAG Kansas City.
Cookies
We may collect some data through the use of session cookies. Session cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to and stored by your web browser.
We may use session cookies to run interactive applications on PFLAG Kansas City’s site, such as event registrations. Session cookies last only as long as your session on the PFLAG Kansas City Site. They expire when the session ends. We may also use session cookies in e-mails containing HTML-formatting.
How We Use The Data We Collect
We use anonymous data to identify the source of user traffic (for example, mit.edu, or aol.com), but we are not able to use this data to identify individual users. We use data on which sections of the PFLAG Kansas City site are most visited, so that we can evaluate the popularity of our different Web pages and continue to improve the PFLAG Kansas City Site. We do not link any anonymous data with the Personal Data you provide to us.
We use your Personal Data for various purposes:
To fulfill the request for which you specifically provided the data;
To send you our e-mail newsletter or action alerts, if you have not opted out of receiving that information;
To offer you other ways to support PFLAG Kansas City, including, in some limited cases, solicitations for additional contributions;
To confirm your contribution to PFLAG Kansas City.
The PFLAG Kansas City Site is hosted by servers in the United States. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, the Personal Data you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By submitting your Personal Data, you consent to its transfer and storage in the United States and its use in accordance with the purposes for which it was originally collected.
Third-Party Sharing
We may share the Personal Data of donors with our mother organization, PFLAG National. Currently, this occurs once annually and is limited to the name and address of individual donors.
We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers who fulfill your orders, contact you on our behalf, or facilitate some other aspect of PFLAG Kansas City Site activities, services or products, including those third-party service providers we use to assist us in our own fundraising efforts. These service providers have access to your Personal Data solely for the purpose of providing these services to us on our behalf.
We sometimes direct users to PayPal.com or Tix.com to process financial transactions. Personal data entered on PayPal.com’s site or Tix.com’s site is subject to their respective privacy policies.
We do not currently share mailing lists or other Personal Data with other for-profit or non-profit organizations or sell our list to any other person or company.  We have never done so in the past and have no plans to do so. In the event that the Board of PFLAG Kansas City were to change this aspect of our Privacy Policy, we would only engage in information sharing with non-profit organizations believed to be working generally in the interests of PFLAG Kansas City’s supporters. Such a change of policy would only occur if the Board of PFLAG Kansas Cityg was satisfied that well-established industry best practice standards would be followed to prevent the unauthorized transfer of Personal Data to a third party without your taking some action to consent to continued contact by that third party.
Finally, we may disclose and use Personal Data regardless of where you reside in special circumstances when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties.
Your Ability to Choose
When you provide us with your Personal Data on the PFLAG Kansas City Site, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive our online newsletter or any e-mailed alerts by choosing the un-subscribe option in the first or any email you receive from us, by emailing us,  or by contacting us via postal mail.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Security
The Personal Data we collect about you is stored on a secure, password protected server. We use industry-standard encryption technologies with respect to the receipt and transfer of Personal Data you submit to us on the PFLAG Kansas City Site and only authorized personnel have access to your information. Nevertheless, despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Updating Your Data
To update your Personal Data or to make corrections, you can do so by emailing us, or by sending us the update via postal mail.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Online Privacy Statement or our data collection practices or to request that we delete your Personal Data, you can email us or send us your questions or comments via postal mail.
PFLAG-KC Contact Info PO Box 12294
Overland Park, KS 66282
helpline: (816) 765-9818
Regional PFLAG chapters PFLAG Lawrence-Topeka
1910 SW Sieben Ct.
Topeka, KS 66611
helpline (785) 235-3831
PFLAG St. Joseph
927 Faraon Street
St. Joseph, MO 64501
pflagstjoe@yahoo.org
PFLAG St. Louis
P.O. Box 410114
St. Louis , MO 63141
helpline: (314) 821-3524
PFLAG Springfield
PFLAGoftheOZARKS@gmail.com
helpline: (417) 350-5300
Donate
PFLAG Meetings All PFLAG-KC meetings are now virtual until further notice.
PFLAG Kansas City general meetings are held at three locations:
* On the 2nd Sunday of each month at 3:00 pm at Village Presbyterian Church, 6641 Mission Road, Room 307, Prairie Village, KS. The meeting room is wheelchair accessible. (Everyone is also welcome to attend the Board meeting beginning at 1:30 pm.)
* On the 4th Sunday of each month at 3:00 pm at the Kansas City Center for Inclusion, 3909 Main St, Kansas City, MO.
* The Independence satellite meeting is on the 2nd Tuesday of each month at 6:30 pm at Northern Boulevard United Methodist Church, 1800 S. Northern Blvd., Independence, MO.
Upcoming Events
Search
Recent Tweets
Follow @pflagkc on Twitter
© 2020 PFLAG Kansas City. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by WordPress. Designed by