http://pgil-eirdata.org/privacy-policy
pgil-EirData.org Landscaping SiteJust another WordPress siteLandscaping
Gardening/Landscaping Tips
Garden Types
Technology
Constructions
About PGil’s Landscaping Blog
Contact Us
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy will tell you what information this site does and also can (at your will) collect from you.
Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to analyze the website traffic coming to it. Through Google Analytics we cannot see any personal information about you; this includes your email address, home address, phone number, etc. None of that is visible or captured to us through Google Analytics.
The information collected by our Analytics software shows things like:
how many visitors visit our website
what country they come from
what website they came from (if any)
what search engine they might of used to get to our site
what keyword they used to reach our website
time spent on our site and how many page views
I’m sure there’s more functions we could use with Google Analytics but that’s all we really use it for to analyze.
Blog Comments and Contact Us Information
The times when we might capture your name and email address happens only when either you:
leave a blog comment
use our contact us form
When you leave a comment on a blog post (or send us your name and email via a Contact Us form), the commentator is required to leave their name and email address. Note that no matter the way in which we obtain your email address, we will never buy, sell, trade, or in any other way give away your personal information (name and email) to any other website or 3rd party unless required to by the United States government and laws.
Your information will only be seen by the users of this website and not stored or collected for any reason unless it is warranted through conversations with you.
And that’s about it.
Landscaping Tips Newsletter
Enter your name and email address below and I'll send you a short landscaping tip once a week. Your email and name will not be shared with anyone.
Recent Posts
Common Types of Material for your Garden Furniture
Organic Gardening
Get On Top Of Your Fayetteville Landscaping Project: Create A Successful Hardscape Design
How to Start Home Landscaping for Amarillo Residents
Thyme, Organic Herb Seeds, and Non GMO On Amazon
Plants Tom Hoff of Modern Landscape, LLC in Las Vegas Recommends for Vegas Landscaping
Dress Up Your Garden with Arbors and Arches
Starting Your Own Hard Landscaping Project
Ways to Landscape Your Garden on a Budget
Landscaping Your Garden around Trees
Japanese Garden:
Unique Way to Embrace Nature
Flagstone: The Best Material for Pavement Landscaping
Garden Idea: Sensible Landscaping Edging Proposals
Oasis Landscape: An Escape to Paradise
Low-Landscaping Tips: Less Time for your Garden, More for Yourself
Categories
Constructions
Garden Types
Gardening/Landscaping Tips
Landscaping
Technology
Uncategorized
Home | About Us | Disclaimer | Disclosure | Privacy | Google+ | Contact Us
Categories
Constructions
Garden Types
Gardening/Landscaping Tips
Landscaping
Technology
Uncategorized