http://pickensanimalrescue.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
The Rescue Ranch
P.A.R. Veterinary Hospital
P.A.R. Thrift Store
Adopt a Pet
Happy Tails
Events
Most Beautiful Pet Contest
More Ways You Can Help
Volunteer
PAL Pet Sponsors
Business Sponsors and Supporters
Contact Us
Adopt A Pet
You can also see our Dogs & Puppies on our FaceBook page.
If you don't see a dog or cat that tugs at your heart, please consider Sponsoring one with a donation.
Privacy Policy This website is required to provide our clients with notice of our privacy practices with respect to protected personal information collected from this website.
Consent
By using this website, you consent to understanding and accepting the terms listed in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to update, amend, or change this Privacy Policy at any time to conform to new laws and regulations or changes in business standards. This privacy policy does not extend to any third party websites that link to or from our website and we are not responsible for any of the content on those websites. Those websites have their own privacy policies and it is recommended that users read through them before providing any information to the website owner.
Information Security
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. All forms have 256 bit encryption to securely transmit information.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
Our privacy policy does not cover content that is transmitted via email to our office. Email does not have the same encryption and security protocols and should not be used to transmit sensitive information.
Log Information
When you use our website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Cookies enable us to customize your browsing experience and speed up website load times. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time. If you decline cookies, you do not have access to the benefits of a custom web browsing experience.
Information Sharing
Our monthly newsletter service sends monthly newsletters with relevant information to the topic of interest. Your email will not be sold, rented or leased to a third-party. You may remove your name from the newsletter list at any time by following the removal instructions at the bottom of any newsletter sent.
Social Media Policy
We are not responsible for any information collected by social networks on which we maintain a social media presence. These include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Pinterest, and LinkedIn. Each social network has its own privacy policy and it should be read before creating an account on the network. We are not responsible for any marketing or retargeting performed by a social network after you have visited our pages.
Changes to This Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. While we expect most such changes will be minor, we will post any Policy changes on this page.
Effective September 2014
Web Development & Hosting by North Georgia Web Design