https://piedmont.score.org/content/website-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHomeWebsite Policy
SCORE Association Site Privacy Policy
SCORE Association (together with its affiliated entities, “we”, “us”, etc.) know that visitors to and users (“you”, “your”) of score.org (“Site”) care about how information about them is used and shared. So we created this privacy policy (“Policy”) to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. Please note that your use of the Site means you consent and accept the terms in this Policy, you agree that you have read and understand this Policy, and you accept and consent to the privacy practices and uses or disclosures of information about you that are described herein. This Policy, together with our Notice of Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and Conditions, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
We may update our Policy periodically to reflect new uses, rules, regulations or technologies that impact your privacy. If there are changes or additions to this Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats for you to review. Changes to this Policy will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Policy as well as to existing information held by us. If we change our information practices or this Policy in such a way that your personal information may be used or shared in a manner not described in the Policy at the time you provided it, you may provide us notice (see section below “Contact Us”) that you would not like your information used or shared in that new manner. However, your continued use of our Site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy and procedures. This Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices. We recommend that you review our Policy on a routine basis to view any changes.
In order to deliver personalized and relevant information to you through our Site, we collect and use certain information from our users in accordance with this Policy.  Please do not provide any sensitive information or health information. If you should do so inadvertently, we will use and disclose that information in the same manner as other information you provide to us.
DISCLAIMER
Our mentors are not providing advice pursuant to the authority or professional certifications or licenses that they may hold and you should not treat information provided by our mentors as such.  You are not entering into any type of relationship with our mentors that would entitle you to client privileges that would be associated with any professional certifications or licenses that our mentors may hold.
You understand that access to our services, including but not limited to, online workshops, mentoring and counseling, are provided as services only to citizens and permanent residents of the United States and its territories.
While SCORE may be required to share your information with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) or SBA representatives and mentors, SCORE will control and maintain the information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
When you visit our Site, we may collect and use personally identifiable information about you as well as other information.  “Personally identifiable information” may include your name, address, email address, and other similar information that can be used to identify you. The information that we receive about you depends on what you do when you visit our Site.
All submitted information is used only for the express purposes for which it is intended, and is not made available to any third party, unless we are required by law, by contract, or by grant requirements. We never collect information or create individual profiles for commercial marketing. However, when you join an online community and participate in online discussions, your name and other personal information you provide (except e-mail) are viewable by anyone visiting such online communities or discussions, unless you choose not to share this information with the public on your user profile page.
Additionally, we may collect the following information from our Site’s users:
Details of Site usage information: We collect this information to statistically analyze and track operational problems, to prevent fraud and to improve the effectiveness, security and integrity of the Site. This information does not identify you personally and we do not use this information to track or record information about individuals. For each page that you visit, we collect and store only the following technical information:
Date and time of access
URL address of the Site or webpage visited
Internet domain and IP address from which our Site was accessed
Type of browser and operating system used to access our Site (if provided by the browser)
URL address of the referring page (if provided by the browser)
Completion or success status of the request for a webpage or other on-line item
File size of the webpage visited
This information is only used to help us make the Site more useful for you. With this data, we learn about the number of visitors to our Site and the types of technology our visitors use. Some parts of our Site use cookies and other technologies to collect this information about your general internet usage.  See section below ‘How We Use Cookies” to learn more.
If you request to view a workshop, webinar, or other event on our Site:  We receive your name, email address and city and state when you submit your registration. We also receive any other personal information that you provide in the text of your registration.
We use your name and email address to respond to send you additional information about SCORE and other program aspects that may interest you. We use your zip code to identify the general area in which you live so that we can monitor the geographical scope and impact of our services.
If you request online mentoring:  We receive your name, email address and zip code when you submit your request. We also receive any other personal information that you provide in the text of your email request.
We use your name and email address to respond to your request for business mentoring. We use your zip code to identify the general area in which you live so that we can monitor the geographical scope and impact of our services and also so that we can provide mentoring appropriate for your location. The SCORE mentor that receives your email request will have access to other personal information that you provide in the text of your email request. The SCORE mentor will keep this information confidential but may consult with other SCORE mentors about your situation in order to better serve you.
If you submit a testimonial or success story:  We receive your name, place of business and email address as well as the information that you submit (your testimonial or success story).
At our discretion, we may display on our Site your testimonial or success story, including personal information that you provide as part of your testimonial submission.
Information you submit through interactive forms including personally identifiable information: We collect all personal and business information (including financial information) that you provide to us through interactive forms, including your application.
In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information and services you request, to tell you about other products and services, and to give you a customized interactive experience as you use our products.
For support, to develop new features, and to improve the overall quality of our products and services.
To show you a history of your activity, to provide you with statistics about you or your use of our product or service, or to provide you with a better user experience.
To summarize information about you, in a way that does not identify you personally, and combine it with other information to understand how our products are used, to deliver products and services and to help us develop new products and services.
To permit service companies to help provide you products and services; these service companies are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes.
To permit SBA to process your mentoring request.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The information we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you in the best manner possible.  We do not sell or rent your personal information to anyone for promotional or marketing purposes, nor do we share your personal information with anyone for their promotional or marketing use without your consent. However, we may share your information with our affiliates and SBA/SBA representatives and mentors if necessary as stated above.
Additionally, as stated above, when you join an online community and participate in online discussions, your name and other personal information you provide (except e-mail) are viewable by anyone visiting such online communities or discussions, unless you choose not to share this information with the public on your user profile page.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any affiliated business entities or third parties necessary to provide services to you.  This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company, and its other subsidiaries, as well as any third parties involved in the administration and operation of our services. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as, but not limited to, providing customer support, hosting Sites, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than for delivering the service to us in accordance with our instructions and policies.
We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our Site users, including the enforcement of our policies governing your use of the services; (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of other Site users or the public; (d) where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party; (e) to fulfill contractual obligations; (f) to fulfill grant requirements; or (g) to provide your information to the SBA for mentoring services.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
As is standard practice on many websites, the Site uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our Site are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. "Cookies" enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. It is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and appropriate advertising on your later visits to these sites. Please note that if you should choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Site.
If you would like to view a video without the use of persistent cookies, a link to download the video file is typically provided just below the video. Or, you can remove or block cookies by changing the settings of your browser. To learn more about how to disable cookies in your browser use the following hyperlink:
http://www.us-cert.gov/reading_room/securing_browser/#how_to_secure
Additionally, our Site uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit the Site, what pages you visit, and what other websites you use prior to visiting the Site.  We use the information we receive from Google Analytics to improve the Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Site, rather than your name or other identifying information.  We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with Personal Information.  Although Google Analytics stores a permanent cookie on your Web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and the Google Privacy Policy available at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your browser.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration or disclosure by using commercially suitable physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards, coupled with carefully developed security procedures. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities, and use firewalls to protect your information.  We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through the Internet and you do so at your own risk.
Our Web-based services are password protected and we recommend that you do not share your password with anyone and should be changed frequently. Remember that any information you voluntarily disclose online in any postings, discussions groups or chat rooms may be collected and used by others without your permission. Remember also to sign out of our Web-based services and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This prevents others from accessing your account if you share a computer or use a computer in a public place, such as a library or Internet café.
For Site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this Site employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.  While we strive to protect your information by employing reasonable Internet security methods and practices, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us over an unsecured Internet connection, and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
PASSWORD POLICY NOTICE
When using our Site and creating a username and password, please be aware that information keyed into our Site page is not encrypted with SSL encryption technology.  The content within our Site is not considered high risk material and is not protected by SSL login technology.  It is recommended you do not use a username and password combination you might use on your personal banking site or other site you consider high risk information.  When you create an account on our Site, password information will be sent to you via email.  Our database systems do not store any financial information or social security information on the site.  All of the passwords stored in our database are encrypted.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND INTERACTION
Third-party Internet websites that can be accessed through this Site by links, contain information not under our control. Accordingly, we disclaim any responsibility for the content, products or services of any such third-party website or any website that links to our Site. We do not necessarily recommend, endorse or approve of the content of or information gathered by any such websites. Such links are provided on this Site solely for your convenience. Your connection to any such linked website is at your own risk.
Furthermore, if you provide any information to third-parties who operate these websites, you may be disclosing personal information and different rules may apply to the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information on these websites.  We encourage you to review third-party websites’ policies before revealing any personal information or other sensitive information.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices, terms of use or the content of any third-party websites.
USERS OF LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, our Site is designed and intended only for those who have reached the age of majority (18 years of age).  By using our Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older. We assure compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) by not contacting or collecting personal information from children under 13. We do not intend to solicit information of any kind from children under 13.
No one under the age of 13 is authorized to submit any information, including personally identifying information, on our Site. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 use our Site. Parents or legal guardians of children under 13 cannot agree to these terms on their behalf.
REVIEW AND CORRECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
You may review and edit the information we collect about you at any time by contacting us at help@score.com.  If your information has been shared with a third party or if you have disclosed your information in a manner that it is available to third parties, as described elsewhere in this Policy, then the third party has received its own copy of your data.  If you have been contacted by one of these third parties and wish to review, correct, or delete your information, please contact them directly.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Our Site is hosted and operated in the United States (“US”).  By using the Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to the US.  If you are accessing our Site from outside the US, please be advised that US law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction.
We do not knowingly collect personal information about individuals residing in the European Union.  If you believe we have collected or processed personal information about any individuals residing in the European Union, please contact us immediately at help@score.com.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS
California law allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  We do not share any California consumer personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact us using the contact information set forth below.
This Policy was lasted updated on 10/23/18.
TERMS OF USE AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to the SCORE Association website.  These Terms of Use and Conditions (“Terms”) govern your use of the SCORE (“our”) website (“Site”).  Please read the terms in full before using our Site.  By accepting these Terms, or by using this Site, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms, and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our Site.  We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time without prior notice, and your use of the Site bind you to the use of the changes made.  We do occasionally update these terms so please refer to them in the future.
MENTORING
You understand that access to our services, including but not limited to, online workshops, mentoring and counseling, are provided as services only to citizens and permanent residents of the United States and its territories.
You understand that when you submit a request to participate in mentoring, and when you participate in mentoring, you are signifying that you agree to the terms and conditions of our mentoring outlined as follows:  You request business management mentoring from SCORE. You agree to cooperate should you be selected to participate in surveys designed to evaluate your business and provide services to you.  You understand that any information disclosed by SCORE to the Small Business Administration (SBA) or SBA representatives will be held in confidence to the extent that it will only be disclosed to SBA representatives to review and process your application; the information submitted in your SBA application will not be disclosed to commercial entities. You agree to the disclosure of your information to SBA representatives to process your mentoring application if required by SCORE. By submitting an SBA application, you authorize SCORE, and if necessary, SBA, to furnish relevant information to the assigned management mentor(s).  You further understand that all mentors have agreed not to: (1) recommend goods or services from sources in which he/she has an interest and (2) accept fees or commissions developing from this mentoring relationship. In consideration of the furnishing of management or technical assistance, you waive all claims against SCORE, SBA personnel, Small Business Development Centers and their host organizations, and other SBA resource mentors arising from this assistance.
You understand that our mentors are not providing advice pursuant to the authority of professional certifications or licenses that they may hold and you will not treat information provided by our mentors as such.  You further understand that you are not entering into a relationship with our mentors that entitle you to client privileges that may be associated with any professional certifications or licenses that our mentors may hold. You understand that we do not engage in the practice of law. This includes, but is not limited to, providing specific legal advice, representing an individual in litigation or any legal proceeding, or otherwise practicing law as defined by applicable state law.  We do not engage in conduct that leads to the creation of any attorney-client relationship.
COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
We are funded by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) (Cooperative Agreement No. SBAHQ10-S0001). The support given by SBA to us through such funding does not constitute an express or implied endorsement by SBA of any of our opinions, products, or services.
LOCAL CHAPTERS
The support given by us to our various local chapters, whether in the form of funding or Web-hosting of local chapter information on its web site, does not constitute an express or implied endorsement by us of any of the opinions, products or services offered by such local chapters.
USE OF SITE
Our Site, images, data, text, audio, videos, photographs, custom graphics, logos, button icons, descriptions and all other material provided and the collection and compilation and assembly thereof, are the exclusive property of SCORE or its parent, and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
You should assume that everything on the Site, including, www.score.org  is copyrighted, unless otherwise noted. All graphics design elements on the Site are copyrighted. Images by ©iStock.com or Getty Images unless otherwise noted. Use of the graphic design elements is forbidden without our expressed, written permission. We neither warrant nor represent that your use of the content displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties. Any product, service, content, program or technology on this Site may be the subject of intellectual property rights such as, but not limited to, copyright, trademark or patent rights. Any such right that is not expressly given herein is reserved by us. Additional copyrights for the mapping function, online mentoring function and other technologies are below.
Images, graphics and photographs on the Site are either the property of, or are used with permission by us. Use of these images by you or other third parties is prohibited unless expressly given through an authorized agreement with us or any third party we deem necessary. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and other applicable regulations.
The contents of our Site may be used for informational purposes only.  Any other use of such contents, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the contents without our prior written consent is expressly forbidden.
Any other trademarks or service marks appearing anywhere on our Site are the property of their respective owners.  To the extent any product name or logo does not appear with a trademark (™) does not constitute a waiver of any and all intellectual property rights that SCORE or its businesses has established in any of its products, features, or service names or logos.
You may not use, reproduce, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, create derivative works, or distribute by any means, method, or process whatsoever, now known or hereafter developed, any content of this Site for commercial profit or gain.  Nothing in these Terms or on the Site shall be construed as conferring any intellectual property or other proprietary rights to You.  You agree to observe copyright and other applicable laws and may not use the content in any manner that infringes or violates the rights of any person or entity.  We hold all rights to the content on this Site. However, you may download content displayed on the Site for personal, non-commercial use. You must maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices on downloaded and/or copied material. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, use or reuse any of the content on the Site for any public or commercial purpose without our written consent or any third party we deem necessary. SCORE chapters may download, duplicate and distribute proprietary Site content to clients, at SCORE-sponsored workshops and seminars. You may not distribute, modify or transmit, use or reuse any of the content on the Site that is authored by a third party without our written consent or any third party we deem necessary.
As a condition of your use of the Site, you will not use the Site, or any contents or services, for any purpose that is unlawful in any applicable jurisdiction where our Site are being used, or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices, and you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in the “User Conduct” section. You may not use the Site contents or services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any of our equipment or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site, or any contents or services.  You may not attempt to gain access to any portion of the Site, or any of its contents or services, other than those for which you are authorized.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this Site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
While every effort is made to ensure the timeliness and accuracy of the Site content and services, we make no warranties either express or implied, and assume no liability or responsibility for the completeness, use, accuracy, reliability, correctness, timeliness or usefulness, of any of the results obtained from its use.
We make no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the content of the Site, or links to other sites, including but not limited to accurateness, completeness, correctness, timeliness or reliability.  We make no representation or warranty regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to any content or services whatsoever that may be accessed through this Site, or the results to be obtained from using the Site.  We make no representation or warranty that the Site or content is free from defects or viruses.  Your use of external links and third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such links and sites.
While every effort is made to ensure that all content provided on the Site does not contain computer viruses and/or harmful materials, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses or otherwise protect your computer and you should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items on your computer.  We disclaim any liability for the need for services or replacing equipment or data resulting from your use of the Site.  While every effort is made to ensure smooth and continuous operation, we do not warrant the Site will operate error free.
SITE UPTIME
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our Site is available 24 hours every day, 365 days per year. However, websites do sometimes encounter downtime due to server and other technical issues. Therefore, we will not be liable if this Site is unavailable at any time.
Our Site may be temporarily unavailable due to issues such as system failure, maintenance or repair, or for reasons beyond our control. Where possible, we will try to give our users advance warning of maintenance issues, but shall not be obliged to do so.
USER CONDUCT
Any material you send or post to our Site shall be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential.  See also our Privacy Policy and Notice of Privacy Practices, which can be found here.
When using our Site, you shall not post or send to or from the Site:
content for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
content that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offense, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in any applicable jurisdiction where our Site is being used;
content which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details or any person posting materials to our Site in breach of this Section.
You shall not use our Site while distracted or preoccupied, such as when operating a motor vehicle. You should access our Site only with due regard for your own safety and the safety of others.
LINKS TO AND FROM THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Any links furnished on our Site may allow you to leave our Site.  These third party websites are not under our control and we disclaim any responsibility for the contents of such linked sites or any link(s) contained in any such linked site(s) or any changes or updates to any of these sites.  We further disclaim any responsibility for any form of transmission received from any linked third party website or advertising.  If we provide these links to you, it is done simply as a convenience to you and inclusion of any link herein shall in no way be construed as an endorsement by us of the site(s).
If you would like to link to our Site, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, any page of our Site, and subject to the following conditions:
you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any services or products unless this has been specifically agreed with us;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us;
you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
your website does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law of the United States of America.
If you choose to link our website in breach of this Section, you shall fully indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your actions.
DISCLAIMERS
All information on our Site is of a general nature and is furnished for your knowledge and understanding and as an entertainment resource only.  The documents and any related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.  Changes are periodically added to the information contained on our Site.  We may make improvements and/or changes to any of the products depicted or described herein at any time.  We expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability for any adverse consequences or damages resulting from your use of the Site or reliance on the information from either.
THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER WITH REGARD TO ANY PRODUCTS, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE, INCLUDING, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING, OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM.
See section above “Online Mentoring” to view additional disclaimers regarding our online mentoring services.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOUR USE OF OUR SITE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES OR INJURY YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE PRODUCTS, OR YOUR RELIANCE ON OR USE OF THE SITE, THE INFORMATION, OR SERVICES PROVIDED, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OF THE DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR RESIDING ON OUR SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF WE HAVE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our officers, directors, employees, volunteers, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or alleged to result from, your use of and access to the Site or your violation of these Terms or your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any trademark, copyright or other proprietary or privacy right.
ASSIGNMENT
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you.
APPLICABLE LAW
We make no representations that the content or the Site are appropriate or may be used or downloaded outside the United States. Access to the Site and/or the content may not be legal in certain countries outside the United States.  If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you access the website.
Our Site is created and controlled in the State of Virginia, United States of America.  The Site, and its contents, and any disputes arising therefrom shall be construed and interpreted under the laws of the State of Virginia, and applicable United States federal laws.  Use of our Site constitutes agreement of the user to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located therein.
Our Site is subject to the United States export control laws and regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to strictly comply with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain authorization to export, re-export, or import of any data on our Site, as may be required.
GENERAL
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and Notice of Privacy Practices, and any legal notices published by us on the Site, shall constitute the entire agreement between us concerning use of the Site.  If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.  No waiver of any term shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Accommodations for Individuals with Disabilities
SCORE services are provided without regard to race, color, national origin, gender, age, and disability.  Reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities will be made if requested at least two weeks in advance.
To make a request or obtain more information, please contact us at 800-634-0245.
CONTACT US
If you have any question or complaints about your privacy or use of the Site, please email us at help@score.org with a complete description and we will try to answer your question or resolve the issue for you.  You may also contact us at the following address: