https://pili.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
April 10, 2020
At PILI, we are committed to respecting your privacy and security when you access our website, www.pili.org. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the information we may collect or that you may provide through the site, how we may use that information, and how we protect that information. You should read this Policy carefully before using the site and/or providing us with any of your information. By accessing or using the site or by providing us any information, you expressly consent to our collection and use of that information as described in this Policy.
This Policy applies to PILI’s website at www.pili.org. This Policy describes only how we treat personal information collected through that website and does not apply to information we may collect in other forums.
We collect information from and about you.
Contact information: We collect your name, your company name, your or its street address, your phone number, your fax number and/or your email address if you provide it to us when you contact us through the website, sign up to attend or sponsor an event, or offer to volunteer.
Background Information: We collect additional background information about you and your experiences if you offer to volunteer with us or apply for our Internship or Fellowship Programs. In addition to the contact information above, this information may include, to the extent you provide it, your current school or employer, your school and work history and/or experience, the status of your legal license (if applicable), your language proficiency and other information relevant to the specific program you are applying for.
Information you submit or post: We collect the information you post on or to our website or submit as part of an application or request, which includes any resume or cover letter you may submit as part of an application for any of our programs.
Payment information: If you make a donation, we collect your credit card information.
Other information: We may automatically collect information about the browser you’re using. For example, we may collect information about the IP address of the computer or device used to access our site, information about your operating system and certain other usage details, such as what site you came from, what site you visit when you leave us, and the frequency of your visits to our site.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you: This may include information provided when you sign up for our emails, post content, make a donation, sign up for event sponsorship or attendance, to volunteer, or apply for an Internship or Fellowship.
We collect information from you automatically: We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you, which are described in more detail below. The information we collect in this manner will not be used to personally identify you.
We may get information about you from third parties: For example, our business partners may give us your email address or shipping address. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your comments or feedback.
We use your information to provide you with information, products or services that you may request from us. This may include the production of events and volunteer opportunities that you may sign up for, or processing applications that you may submit for Internships or Fellowships.
We use information to improve our sites and services. We may use your information to make our website and services better.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might also send you information about our organization, our site, other products or services we offer, legal developments that we think may interest you, or to request your assistance in supporting our organization. To manage how you receive these notices, read the section below regarding your choices.
We use information to communicate with you about our relationship. We may contact you to get your feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy, our website or other communications from us.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law.
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within our company.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us send emails, including newsletters, and operate our website. This may include website analytics vendors. We share certain information you provide on our website with third party web storage providers, such as Formstack and Google. We may, or certain third-party providers such as Formstack may, also share your information with third party credit card processing vendors, such as PayPal or Intuit, when you make a donation or purchase tickets for an event. Some of our vendors may be located outside of the United States.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud. We may also share information with legal or regulatory authorities if we feel it is necessary to protect our or others’ rights, property or safety.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our operations. For example, if we transfer our operations to another entity, we may transfer our donor list as part of that transaction.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you. However, we will not share any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address, phone number, or credit card information) that we collect through the site with third parties for their promotional purposes, unless we have your consent.
You have certain choices about sharing and marketing practices.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you receive from us. Even if you opt out of our marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages, which may include responses to your questions or acknowledgements of online donations.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies, but if and how you can control them depends on the type of cookie. Cookies are small files that are either used for the duration of your visit to the site or that are saved on your hard drive in order to identify you the next time you visit the site. Many browsers can be set to reject certain types of cookies. Please note that if you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work.
You may also choose whether or not to share personal information with us. If you choose not to share certain information, some parts of our site and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use.
We use standard security measures.
We use a variety of standard security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information, including measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. However, the Internet is not 100% secure, so we cannot promise that your use of our site will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy or as otherwise required by law.
We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we don’t control.
If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to websites that we do not control. This may include social media sites. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the Privacy Policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for any third-party practices or the use by any third party of any information you may provide to them.
Our site may also display third-party content that contains its own cookies or tracking technologies, which means that third parties may be able to (through cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technology) collect information about you when you use the site. We cannot control these technologies or how they may be used.
We cannot respond to “Do Not Track” Requests.
Currently, certain web browsers, including Firefox, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Safari, offer a “Do Not Track” (DNT) option. This option is intended to send a signal to websites visited by the user about the user’s DNT preference, if it is set on the browser. We cannot commit to responding to a browser’s DNT signals, because no common industry standards for DNT have been adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators.
The website is not directed to children.
Our website is not directed to use by persons under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent who believes that your minor children have improperly accessed the site and provided us with any personal information, or if you are concerned that a child under 13 has accessed the site and provided us with any personal information, please contact us.
We may store information both in and outside of the United States.
If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country, and we make no representations that our practices described in this Policy are compliant with the laws of other countries.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us.
You can also write to us or call at:
Public Interest Law Initiative
105 West Madison Street, Suite 610
Chicago, Illinois 60602
Phone: (312) 832-5127
Please include your email address, name, address and telephone number when you contact us.
This helps us handle your request correctly.
We may update this Policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy practices or update this Policy. We will post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.  By using the site after we post any changes to this Policy, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them.