https://pioneers.org/privacy-policy
Data Privacy Notice
Pioneers is protecting your privacy.
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we will store and handle that data.
We know there’s a lot of information here but we want you to be fully informed about your rights.
For example, we will explain things such as how we share data across the Pioneers family to better serve you.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but, if not, please do get in touch with us.
It’s likely that we will need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If you are subscribed to our mailing list, we’ll notify you of any significant changes, but you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.
Personal information we collect
Personal information is data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is someone who can be distinguished, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to that natural person.
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
We collect personal information from you when you subscribe to newsletters or engage with other services we may provide.
We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you: subscribe to communication from us, register for an account on a website, provide us with information on a web form, update or add information to your profile or preferences, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
Some of this personal information, such as a way to identify you, is necessary for us to be able to communicate with you. The provision of all other personal information is voluntary.
We may also collect personal information from other sources, as described below.
Personal information you give us when you register with us or use our services
Identifying information such as your name, postal address or email address when you subscribe to communications from us.
Information you provide in the course of making a financial donation, though we do not store bank account or credit card numbers.
In some instances, if you respond to a survey you may voluntarily provide us with your age, gender or interests.
You may also provide us with other information: through a web form; by updating or adding information concerning your communication preferences; through your participation on social media; through personal communications, online chat sessions, or when you otherwise communicate with us regarding our work and services.
Personal information we collect automatically when you register for an account with us or use any services we offer
Information about your communications with us and your interaction with our services. This is information we receive from the devices (including mobile) you use when you access our services or visit our website. This information could include: device ID or unique identifier and device type.
Location information, including location information from your mobile device. Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device’s settings menu.
Computer and connection information such as statistics on your web page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information.
Personal information we collect using cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take when using our services within our communication or email content.
For more information about our use of these technologies, and how to control them, see Cookies and similar technologies.
Personal information collected from other sources
We may supplement the personal information we collect with information collected from third parties. For example, we may collect and use demographic and other information that is publicly available as allowed by applicable national laws.
We allow you to share information with social media sites. Those social media sites may give us automatic access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.g. content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have viewed or clicked). If you provide us with access to any site with video content, then you agree that we can share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites for at least two years or until you withdraw authorization or connection to the social media site. You control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to the personal information retained by the respective social media site about you. By associating an account managed by a social media site with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we can collect, use and retain the information provided by these social media sites in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may also use plug-ins or other technologies from various social media sites. If you click on a link provided via a social media plug in, you are voluntarily establishing a connection with that respective social media site.
If you give us personal information about someone else, you must do so only with that person’s authorization. You should inform them how we collect, use, disclose, and retain their personal information according to our Privacy Notice.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to improve our services, provide you with personalized communications, communicate with you about your engagement with us and our services, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
We use the personal information we collect from you for a range of different purposes and according to different legal bases of processing. The following is a summary of how and according to which legal bases we use your personal information.
We use your personal information to provide you with our communications and services, to comply with our legal obligation, protect your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good. This includes:
To provide donation processing and account preference management, operate, measure and improve our services, keep our services safe, secure and operational and customize site content that includes communications and services that you may value in response to actions that you take.
To contact you regarding your record, to troubleshoot problems with your record, to resolve any dispute or to provide you service.When contacting you for such purposes as outlined above, we may contact you via email, telephone, SMS/text messages, postal mail and via mobile push notifications.
To provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information.
We use general location information to provide you with location based services (such as search results, appropriate giving information and other personalized content).
To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To enforce this Privacy Notice or other policies.
We use your personal information to pursue our legitimate interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests. We have implemented controls to balance our interests with your rights. This includes:
To improve our services, for example by reviewing information associated with stalled or crashed pages experienced by users, allowing us to identify and fix problems and give you a better experience.
To personalize, measure, and improve our communication based on your communication customization preferences.
To contact you via email or postal mail in order to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires and inform you about our services, as authorized by applicable law.
To contact you about public policy matters, or other current events, related to your ability to use our services.
To deliver targeted communication, service updates, and other communications based on your communication preferences and site activities.
To measure the performance of our email campaigns (e.g. by analyzing open and click rates).
To monitor and improve the information security of our site and mobile applications.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How can I exercise my Data Subject rights?
If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, and delete any Personal Information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you can email our privacy team directly. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and anonymized Personal Information that does not identify any individual, and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Questions about Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us directly.