https://polarisproject.org/how-to-help/
Everyone has the right to live in freedom and with dignity. And everyone has a role to play in making that happen. Donate now to eradicate human trafficking and restore freedom to survivors. You can help trafficking victims connect to the services and resources they need by helping to support Polaris as we continue to operate the U.S. National Human Trafficking Hotline.
Donate Now
Year End Giving Information
North Star Guide
Become a North Star Guide by making a monthly donation and provide support to our mission 365 days a year.
Learn More
Freedom Circle
Supporters who want to dedicate their time, talent, and philanthropic resources to combatting human trafficking.
Learn More
Take Action
Your voice matters. If we want to end human trafficking, we have to demand change. Check out the public policy fights we need your help on and join us in being part of the solution.
Take Action
Fundraise
Our supporters continue to inspire us with the ways they’re raising funds to end human trafficking and connect survivors to resources they need.
Fundraise
Partnerships
We are stronger together In coalition with other nonprofits and advocates, and in partnership with businesses, political leaders and law enforcement. We can stand together against human trafficking, and we can win.
Partnerships
Other Ways to Give
Learn more about making other types of gifts to fund the fight against human trafficking that make a big impact on the lives of victims and survivors.
Other Ways to Give
2020 | Polaris is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization - please donate now.
* Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. Reply HELP for help or STOP to cancel at any time. Click here for Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy
Need help? Polaris operates the U.S. National Human Trafficking Hotline.
Call 1 (888) 373-7888
*Text "BeFree" 233733
Live Chat
Quick Exit
This site uses cookies to improve the user experience. To learn more, please see our privacy policy.
×
Search
×
Search terms
Search