http://politicalgraveyard.com/privacy.html
PoliticalGraveyard.com
The Political Graveyard Privacy Policy
I'm Larry Kestenbaum, and I'm solely responsible for The Political
Graveyard web site.
I do all site maintenance, including receiving
and
responding to all email, writing and debugging all programming,
accepting new records into the database, putting new pages online,
and
so on.
During the years I have been operating the site, I have evolved a
set
of policies about privacy.
This statement represents a codification
of
those policies which have already been in effect for some time.
There are different aspects of the privacy policy which are
applicable to different groups.
Politicians, judges, and diplomats listed on the site
The whole point of The Political Graveyard is to make accessible
information about political leaders (including judges and diplomats)
who
have had an impact on American history.
Each and every person listed
as
a politician on the site, living or dead, is a "public figure" within
the meaning of New York Times v. Sullivan and following cases.
The disclosure of personally identifiable information about political
figures, including dates and places of birth and death, offices held,
cause of death, burial location, relation to other political figures,
indictments or other legal difficulties, historical significance,
etc.,
is central to the mission of the web site and within my First
Amendment
rights.
However, I also reserve the right to omit from the web site any
information I deem to be sensitive or personal, particularly as to
living or recently deceased figures.
On occasion, political figures do contact me directly to provide
information or simply to discuss politics or history.
I never
disclose
private email addresses (even of public figures) to anyone else
without
the addressee's consent.
To avoid confusion, listed politicians who contribute information
or
ideas to the web site are not explicitly offered an opportunity to be
omitted from the Acknowledgements.
However, requests to be omitted from the Acknowledgements are always
honored.
Requests by or on behalf of a political figure to be deleted from
the
politician listings in the database and web site cannot be honored,
unless there was a mistake of identity or in the original
determination
of eligibility.
Requests to modify the text associated with a particular political
figure are taken very seriously.
The intent is that all entries be
factual and balanced, yet brief.
Indictments and trials are
mentioned
even if an acquittal or dismissal resulted, and even if the defendant
was completely exonerated or had been wrongly accused.
Suggestions
for
brief, accurate, and unbiased summaries of specific politicians'
troubles with the law are always welcome.
When a burial site of a listed politician is on private property
not
open to the public, the Political Graveyard web site indicates only
the
county (or county equivalent), not the exact location.
Researchers who contact me to provide information
I presume that ordinarily, a person who takes the initiative to
provide information for the web site expects to be, or appreciates
being, acknowledged for doing so.
It is also important for research
purposes to keep track of the sources of all information, and to
maintain contact information in case questions arise.
As email and postal mail messages are processed, I send each
first-time contributor an email message thanking them.
If the email
is
undeliverable, I make no additional effort to find the person.
The name (if given), email address, and a copy of the incoming and
outgoing email is saved in my personal archives for future reference.
No email address or personal detail of contributors are disclosed to
others without the person's consent, and none of this information is
sold or shared or used in any way except to maintain The Political
Graveyard.
A list of many of the contributors of information and ideas to the
web site appears in the Acknowledgements.
By default, the name of each new contributor is added to that list at
the time of the next web site update. Contributors who do not provide
their names, or who request (at any time) that they not be listed,
are
omitted.
If a first-time contributor has not already indicated a
preference to be listed or not listed, the thank-you email points out
this option.
Some contributors ask that their listing in the Acknowledgements
be a
link to their email address or web site; these requests are
honored.
Email messages from members of law or accounting firms often
include
a long boilerplate footer stating that the contents of the message
are
confidential.
In general, if the boilerplate is contrary to the
plain
intent of the sender to provide public information for the web site,
I
disregard the claim that the information is confidential.
Comments about the site contained in email are subject to being
excerpted without attribution for the comments
page.
Visitors to the site
The Political Graveyard does not collect personally identifiable
information about those who visit the web site.
However, the web server does generate, in the ordinary course of
operation, http logs which record the numeric IP address, date and
time,
filename, and other information about each "hit".
The Political Graveyard and its hosting web server do not generate
or use "cookies" in any way.
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by
Google and Amazon.com, our Web advertising providers.
Visitors to
the site who
have Javascript "on" will also be downloading ad text directly from
Google, which means they are generating http log entries (with IP
addresses, but generally not personally identifiable information) at
the
advertiser's site.
The advertiser's site may also set cookies on the
user's machine.
For more information, please consult the privacy policies of the
current advertising providers:
http://www.google.com/
http://www.amazon.com/
Note that this privacy statement (the one you're reading now) is
from
and about PoliticalGraveyard.com only, and does not cover the use of
logs or cookies by any advertisers.
Members of the Political-Graveyard and TPG-current email
groups
on Yahoogroups
Use of the Political-Graveyard
and TPG-current
email groups on Yahoogroups is covered by Yahoo's privacy
policy.
In particular, any messages which are posted to either group are
transmitted to its members, and may be archived in multiple
locations.
Your identity as a member of the group is essentially public,
especially
if you post any messages.
Property Owners of Politician Grave Sites
I do not want to encourage any trespassing on private
property.
When a burial site of a listed politician is on private property
not
open to the public, the Political Graveyard web site indicates only
the
county (or county equivalent), not the exact location.
My determination of whether a grave site is or is not a private
location is based on the totality of the information available to me
at
the time.
I provide links to location maps only where I am certain
that a site's location is public knowledge.
Property owners who would like a site they own not to be
specifically
identified, or to be identified in a different way, are invited to
contact
me.
The fact that a cemetery is listed on the web site, however, does
not
necessarily mean that members of the public are permitted to enter
its
grounds.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions about this
privacy policy (or indeed any aspect of this web site), please
contact
Lawrence Kestenbaum,
political.graveyard@gmail.com, or
P.O. Box 2563, Ann Arbor MI 48106.
Revised, February 26, 2013.
"Enjoy the hospitable entertainment of a
political graveyard."
Henry L. Clinton, Apollo Hall, New York City, February 3, 1872
The Political Graveyard
is a web site about U.S. political history and cemeteries.
Founded in 1996, it is the Internet's most comprehensive free source
for American political biography, listing 277,483
politicians, living and dead.
The coverage of the site includes (1) the President, Vice President,
members of Congress, elected state and territorial officeholders in
all fifty states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories; and
the chief elected official, typically the mayor, of qualifying
municipalities; (2) candidates at election, including primaries, for
any of the above; (3) all federal judges and all state appellate judges;
(4) certain federal officials, including the federal cabinet,
diplomatic chiefs of mission, consuls, U.S. district attorneys,
collectors of customs and internal revenue, members of major
federal commissions; and political appointee (pre-1971) postmasters of
qualifying places; and (5) state and national political party officials,
including delegates, alternate delegates, and other participants in
national party nominating conventions.
The listings are incomplete; development of the database
is a continually ongoing project.
Information on this page — and on all other pages of this
site — is believed to be accurate, but is not
guaranteed.
Users are advised to check with other sources
before relying on any information here.
The official URL for this page is: http://politicalgraveyard.com/privacy.html.
Links to this or any other Political Graveyard page
are welcome, but specific page addresses may sometimes
change as the site develops.
If you are searching for a specific named individual, try the
alphabetical index of
politicians.
More information: FAQ;
privacy policy;
cemetery links.
If you find any error or omission in The Political Graveyard,
or if you have information to share, please see the
biographical checklist and
submission guidelines.
Copyright notices: (1) Facts are not subject to copyright; see Feist
v. Rural Telephone. (2) Politician portraits displayed on this site
are 70-pixel-wide monochrome thumbnail images, which I believe to
constitute fair use under applicable copyright law. Where
possible, each image is linked to its online source. However,
requests from owners of copyrighted images to delete them from this
site will be honored.
(3) Original material, programming, selection and
arrangement are © 1996-2015 Lawrence Kestenbaum.
(4) This work is also licensed for free non-commercial re-use, with
attribution, under a Creative Commons
License.
Site information: The Political Graveyard is created and maintained
by Lawrence Kestenbaum, who is solely responsible for its structure
and content. — The mailing address is The Political Graveyard,
P.O. Box 2563, Ann Arbor MI 48106. — This site is hosted by
HDL. —
The Political Graveyard opened on July 1, 1996;
the last full revision was done on
December 20, 2015.
