https://policies.ramseysolutions.net/terms-of-use
Ramsey Solutions Terms of Use
We take your privacy seriously. Please visit policies.ramseysolutions.net/privacy-policy to review our privacy policy.
Terms of Use
By visiting daveramsey.com (the “Site”), you, the visitor of the Site, agree to the terms of this agreement. This agreement is subject to change at any time by The Lampo Group, LLC, d/b/a Ramsey Solutions® (“Ramsey Solutions”). This agreement contains the entire agreement between the visitor and Ramsey Solutions, regarding the use of the site.
The agreement shall be governed pursuant to the laws of the state of Tennessee. The visitor hereby warrants and represents that he or she is in all respects qualified and competent to enter into this agreement.
No Warranty
No warranty is made by Ramsey Solutions, regarding any information, services or products provided through, or in connection with, the Site, unless expressly agreed otherwise in another written agreement for a particular product or service. Ramsey Solutions, hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including without limitation: any warranties as to the availability, accuracy or content of information, products or services; any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some states/provinces do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Use Restriction
The material on the Site is meant to be shared for informational, non-commercial use only. Site visitors are allowed to download and distribute banner graphics and promotional materials only for the express purpose of promoting the Site. Videos appearing on Ramsey Solutions’ YouTube channel may be inserted into private non-commercial blogs and websites, but must link directly to the official Ramsey Solutions video on YouTube. In no event, shall any video or material be used in any manner that implies any false association between Ramsey Solutions and any other third party or in connection with the promotion of any product or service.
Geographic Restrictions
The Site and web-based services are intended for access and use within the United States only. The Site and web-based services are not intended for or directed to citizens, domiciles or residents of the European Union. Accordingly, our sites and web-based services comply with applicable United States privacy laws. By accessing the Site and web-based services, you affirm that you are not a citizen, domicile or resident of the European Union.
Your Email Address
Ramsey Solutions does not sell or share your email address to third-parties, except to deliver any services you have requested. Unsubscribing from any email list does not necessarily unsubscribe you from other email lists within Ramsey Solutions. Users agree to provide Ramsey Solutions, with an up-to-date email address.
Linked Sites
The Site provides links to other third-party websites (in all cases “Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to you and may be based upon the content that you elect to view or the information that you provide. Such Linked Sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for, and do not endorse, monitor, review, investigate, verify, or validate the content of such Linked Sites, including any products, information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. We are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information on the Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, and completeness of the content of these Linked Sites. Some of the content served by us may be from merchant sites, and sales or activities through these sites may generate a commission payable to us. We accept no responsibility for reviewing changes or updates to, or the quality, content, policies, nature or reliability of third-party web sites, including, without limitation, Linked Sites and websites linking to this website or its content. You should review applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of third-party web sites, and should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third-party.
Text Messaging
By opting in to our mobile service, you consent to receive mobile text alerts using an automatic telephone dialing system. You may receive up to six (6) messages per month. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
Please note that when sending and receiving text messages from Ramsey Solutions, standard message and data rates may apply.
By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13.
Opting Out
Text the word, STOP, if you wish to no longer receive SMS messages from Ramsey Solutions. You will receive a confirmation text.
Additional Help
For additional information, text the word, HELP, for assistance, or contact Ramsey Solutions, at dcemails@daveramsey.com, or call 888.22.PEACE. Supported carriers are:
AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, ACS Wireless, Appalachian Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, C-Spire Wireless (formerly Cellsouth), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cross (dba Sprocket), Duet IP, Element Mobile, EpicTouch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix (Keystone Wireless / PC Management), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Mobi PCS (Coral Wireless LLC), Mosaic, MTPCS / Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina - Custer, Rina - All West, Rina - Cambridge Telecom Coop, Rina - Eagle Valley Comm, Rina - Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina - Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina - Silver Star, Rina - South Central Comm, Rina - Syringa, Rina - UBET, Rina - Manti, South Canaan / CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless, Leaco, Nemont/Sagebrush. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Terms_of_Use_Gen_08.31.18v01