https://pranamaya.com/privacy-policy/
My coursesCart 0 Items
Privacy PolicyPranamaya’s privacy policy sets out the uses of information and protects any and all information that you give when you use our website and is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.Your RightsThe right to be informed – You have the right to know how we are using personal data.The right of access – You have the right to know exactly what information is held about you and how it is processed.The right of rectification – You are entitled to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to erasure – also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’, this refers to your right to have your personal data deleted or removed without the need for a specific reason as to why.The right to restrict processing – You have the right to block or suppress personal data being processed or used.The right to data portability – this allows you to retain and reuse your personal data for your own purpose.The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to public authorities or companies processing your data without explicit consent.Right to not be subject to automated decision making and profiling – you have the right to demand that decisions about your data not be made solely by algorithms.What we collectWe may collect the following information:namecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersFor the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at contact@pranamaya.comWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you want a copy of the information held on you please email us at contact@pranamaya.com.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. Privacy Policy Contact Information:Pranamaya Privacy Office101 S. Topanga Canyon Blvd. #358Topanga, CA 90290Email: contact@pranamaya.com
The Pranamaya Summer Sale20% OFF EVERYTHINGCoupon Code - HOMEPRACTICE
* Terms & Conditions Apply
PSST... Don't forget to use the limited time coupon code 'homepractice' at checkout to save an additional 20%.