http://prattwoodassembly.org/privacy-policy
0
PRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY AND SECURITYAt Prattwood Assembly of God, Inc., we are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not give, sell, rent or loan any identifiable information regarding visitors to any third party. By using our web site, prattwoodag.org, you agree to the Privacy Policy of Prattwood Assembly of God. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this web site.Prattwood Assembly of God reviews its Privacy Policy periodically and reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy applies to all web sites produced and maintained by Prattwood Assembly of God.If you want to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy, E-Mail us at contact@prattwoodag.org, or write us at: Prattwood Assembly of God, PO Box 1190, Sand Springs, OK  74063-1190.COLLECTION AND USEPrattwood Assembly of God recognizes the privacy concerns of users of our web site and the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected from them. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as a visitor’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card information is automatically collected on our web site. Such information is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted, and Prattwood Assembly of God uses such information only for the purpose for which it was submitted, unless we disclose other uses in this policy or at the time of collection. We maintain reasonable and appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of such information in our possession. Prattwood Assembly of God does not sell, trade or rent personally identifiable information to third parties. We reserve the right to monitor traffic patterns and web site usage.SECURITYWhen submitting sensitive data like credit card information, we use secure server technology to protect the information. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts the information you input before you send it to us. All of the data is protected against unauthorized access, as indicated by the secure icon on your browser.SERVICE PROVIDERSWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.COOKIES"Cookies" are files that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information about a user. They enable us to provide customized features to enhance your visit to the web site. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Users should consult their browser help files for instructions on how to refuse cookies.LINKSThis web site may be linked to or from other web sites that are not operated by Prattwood Assembly of God or any affiliates. Prattwood Assembly of God is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third party web sites. This web site may also be linked to web sites operated by organizations affiliated with Prattwood Assembly of God. Visitors to those web sites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices.