http://prattwoodassembly.org/linking-policy
0
LINKING POLICYLINKAGE DISCLAIMERLinks to Prattwood Assembly of God Online may be found on other web sites that are not operated by Prattwood Assembly of God or its affiliates. Prattwood Assembly of God is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third party web sites.In turn, Prattwood Assembly of God Online itself may link to web sites that may or may not be affiliated with Prattwood Assembly of God. Visitors to those web sites should contact the site's owner for questions regarding content, privacy policies and practices of those web sites.LINKING YOUR WEB SITE TO OUR PAGES.We encourage you to link to our pages. For example, many web sites link to Prattwood’s pages. However, we ask that you abide by the following guidelines when doing so:You may not infer or imply that Prattwood Assembly of God sponsors or in any way approves of your site or any other site.You may not frame, display, or alter any material from our web sites, or our web pages directly, in any way that obscures our identification, banners or site navigation. Framing does not allow users to bookmark the framed page. Also, some sites use frames to present content belonging to another site as if it was their own. We feel this is confusing to users and jeopardizes the integrity of our content. The presentation of the material linked to must make it readily apparent that the content is the property of Prattwood Assembly of God.You may not duplicate content (including graphics and/or photos) from this or any related Prattwood Assembly of God web site without express written permission of Prattwood Assembly of God.HOW TO LINK TO OUR PAGES WITHOUT "LOSING" YOUR WEB SITE VISITORS.You can send your web site visitors to any Prattwood Assembly of God Online page without them losing contact with you by using a combination of an "Alert" and a NEW BROWSER WINDOW. Your link launches an alert window that advises the user you are sending them to another site and instructs them to close the new window to return to your site. Your site stays open in its original browser window. The code for such a link would appear as follows.<a href="https://prattwoodag.org" target="_blank" onClick='alert("We are sending you to Prattwood Assembly of God Online for this information. To return here, simply close the browser window.")'>Prattwood Assembly of God</a>Of course, you could substitute the HREF and alert message to meet your needs.