http://prayercentral.net/info/privacy-policy
Home
Powering Up For Today’s Mountains
Subscribe to WoW
About
Wayne Dillard
Devotionals
Promote Prayer
Contact Us!
Press Info
Subscriptions
Give
Info
Privacy Policy
Prayercentral.net takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Prayercentral.net uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
We currently have no advertising partners, but if and when we do, this information will apply. Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.
Email Lists
Your email address and other subscription information is used for our communication and ministry service
to you. We will never share your contact info with others without your permission, except where we are legally compelled to do so. You may unsubscribe from any or all of our lists at any time from the Subscriptions page, or the link in the footer of our emails.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to info(at)prayercentral.net (replace the (at) with @). Or to:
Prayercentral – PO Box 64323 – Virginia Beach, VA 23467
Print This Post
Share
|
Comments are currently closed.
Features Daily Devotionals
A Word for Today
ABC's of Prayer
Draw Near
In His Name
Journey of Forgiveness
Keys to the Kingdom
Engage Me
911 Prayer Focus
Pray-it Say-it Cards
Prayer Cards
Prayer Patrols
Prayer Targets
Ways to pray
Inspire Me
Editor's Report
Poetry
Profiles of Prayer
Think About It
Word of the Week
Instruct Me
Fresh ideas
Prayer Tips
Questions & Answers
Teachings
Privacy Policy - About - Contact Us
Copyright © 2020, Prayer Central. All Rights Reserved.
Take it to the King Ministries, 5142 N. Academy Blvd. Suite136, Colorado Springs, CO 80918
Wordpress theme by Kabarty - Site software customization by SaeSolved::