http://preserveyourestate.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Our Firm
About Our Firm
Meet Our Team
Services
Asset Protection & Business Planning
Estate And Gift Tax Figures
Estate Planning
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Loss of a Loved One
Pet Planning
Powers of Attorney
SECURE Act
Special Needs Planning
Trust Administration and Probate
Elder Law
Alzheimer’s Disease
Caregiver Information
Emergency Medicaid & Nursing Home Planning
Guardianship & Conservatorship
Hospice Care
Medicaid Planning
Resources
DocuBank
Elder Law Resources
Glastonbury Elder Law Resources
Estate Planning Articles
Estate Planning Checkup
Estate Planning Definitions
Estate Planning Presentations
Estate Planning Seminars
Estate Planning Techniques
FREE Estate Planning Worksheet
Frequently Asked Questions
Asset Protection and Business Planning
Elder Law & Medicaid
Estate and Gift Tax
Estate Planning
Frequently Asked Questions for Families Without an Estate Plan
Legacy Wealth Planning
LGBTQ Estate Planning
Medicaid Planning
Probate
Trust Administration
Newsletters
Probate Resources
Probate Resources
Published Books
Reports
Advanced Estate Planning
Basic Estate Planning
Estate Planning for Niches
Trust Administration
Seminars
Communities We Serve
Fairfield County
Darien
Fairfield
Stamford
Hartford County
Avon
Hartford
Simsbury
West Hartford
Litchfield County
Watertown
Middlesex County
Middletown
Old Saybrook
New Haven County
Middlebury
New Haven
New London County
Groton
Old Lyme
Stonington
Tolland County
Mansfield
Windham County
Woodstock
REVIEW US
Blog
Contact Us
Home » Privacy PolicyOur law firm collects personal information only when you submit it to us. If you decide to submit such personal information, we or an external service provider will retain the information that you submit in a database, and we will use this information to complete your request. Any service provider that we designate will have agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any third party. We will not share the information with any third party except for the service provider. We may also use the information retained in the database to communicate with you directly via email or direct mail to inform you about upcoming seminars that may be of interest to you. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, but we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
Currently, we only employ a “cookie” for more accurate traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the page viewed and the referring website. This cookie retains some form submission details. The data that we do collect is never stored in any individual website tracking profile and only serves to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor site traffic. We may share non-personal, anonymous information collected through cookies with third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be made through a revised posting on our website.
With the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Estate Planning Attorneys, as CPAs, banks, trust companies and other financial service providers, are now required to inform their clients of their policies regarding the privacy of client information.
Attorneys have always been required under their Code of Professional Conduct to keep their clients’ information confidential. Therefore we have always protected your right to privacy. Furthermore, in order to practice before the Internal Revenue Service, we are forbidden from disclosing any client information provided for tax planning or preparation services without your prior written consent.
We collect non-public personal information about you that is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
We do not disclose private personal information about clients or former clients obtained in the course of our practice, except as required or permitted by law.
Required Disclosures
As legal professionals, we are required by law to make disclosures of private information where we have knowledge of elder or child abuse, or of the intent to commit a crime.
Permitted Disclosures
Employees. In order to complete work you engaged our firm to produce, your private information may need to be disclosed to employees of our firm.
Outside Providers. On occasion, we may need to provide your private information to unrelated third parties who may be called on to assist us in completing work you have engaged our firm to complete. This information is never provided without first obtaining your written permission. Examples of third parties to whom your private information might be disclosed are an accountant to assist us with tax research or accounting services, an appraiser to help us to value your assets, or a life insurance professional providing us with quotes for obtaining life insurance coverage.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Client Information. In order to better serve you and your heirs, as well as comply with certain professional guidelines and requirements, we retain records of the professional services that we provide. As part of our commitment to provide you with the finest service possible, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the private information of our clients and former clients. These safeguards comply with our professional standards as well as with the federal regulations.
Request Not to Release Information. The Federal Trade Commission regulations require us to notify you of your right to request that our firm not release your non-public personal information. While it is unnecessary for you to do so, because our firm does not release any private information, in the interest of satisfying the regulations we include this disclosure.
Although the attorney / client privilege by which our firm is bound prohibits us from releasing any communications between you and one of our attorneys, you can always request that our firm release such information to anyone you designate.
Should you have any further questions regarding our privacy policies and procedures, please feel free to call our office at (860) 548-1000.
Primary SidebarNirenstein, Horowitz & Associates
Download our free estate planning worksheet
There's a lot that goes into setting up a comprehensive estate plan, but with our FREE worksheet, you'll be one step closer to getting yourself and your family on the path to a secure and happy future.
First Name:*Last Name:*Email:*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Follow Us
FacebookInstagramLinkedInRSSTwitter
TESTIMONIALS
All of the staff were extremely professional & attentive and helped us navigate through the estate planning process with ease. As a result, we have piece of mind, as well as a clear step by step process to follow in the future. The take-home binder is an added bonus, and I know we will use it as a resource.
MS
We are very pleased with the service we have received. The staff has been very helpful, professional & cordial. It has given us peace of mind to work on the estate planning. All of the information received has been very helpful.
ERM
Process was clear and concise. An important factor was to attend the seminar. The Review was thorough with detailed information, punctuated by reassurances that the firm can always be contacted. We would recommend this firm.
MM
This is a very difficult problem to face.- These people were a great help to us. They explained these matters clearly, professionally and kindly- My family will have an easier time dealing with this stuff. Now I can die in peace. The less of my estate the government gets, the better.
-B.C. & M.C.
Efficient, clear and helpful communication; clearly knowledgeable and an expert in estate planning and assisting clients; hospitable office staff; easy location to access; would definitely recommend to others interested in exploring and establishing trusts.
S.J.B.
Very satisfied from the day of the seminar to when the trust took effect. All our questions were answered and any further questions we might have are only a phone call away. We will recommend this to all our family and friends.
B. T.
<< Prev Next >>
Upcoming Seminars
ESTATE PLANNING SEMINAR
Saybrook Point Inn & Spa
OLD SAYBROOK
Saturday, December 12, 2020
ESTATE PLANNING SEMINAR
Saybrook Point Inn & Spa
OLD SAYBROOK
Saturday, December 12, 2020
Sign up for Newsletter
***
CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
WESTPORT OFFICE
191 Post Road West Westport, CT 06880Phone: (860) 548-1000Fax: (860) 761-1070
Somerset Square
200 Glastonbury Boulevard, Suite 202 Glastonbury, CT 06033-4418Phone: (860) 548-1000Fax: (860) 761-1070
Office Hours
Monday8:00 AM - 5:00 PMTuesday8:00 AM - 5:00 PMWednesday8:00 AM - 5:00 PMThursday8:00 AM - 5:00 PMFriday8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Footer
The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this or associated pages, documents, comments, answers, emails, or other communications should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. The information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Site Map | Powered by American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys
© 2020 American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys, Inc.