http://presbyteryofglasgow.org.uk/privacy
toggle menu
Find a Church
All Churches
Find on Map
News & Events
Latest News
Upcoming Events
Vacant Charges
Resources
Session Clerk Resources
Training Materials
Prayer Diary
Historical Directory
Standing Orders
Committees
Privacy Statement
HomePrivacy Statement
Who we are
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to presbyteryofglasgow.org.uk, owned and operated by the Presbytery of Glasgow, a registered charity in Scotland, no. SC007691; part of the Church of Scotland, charity no. SC011353.  References to “our Website” or “the Website” are to presbyteryofglasgow.org.uk and to subsidiary websites of this domain.
What information we collect and how
The information we collect via the Website may include:
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and/or email, such as name, address, telephone number, email address etc.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates).
Your IP Address. This is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor the usage of the Website. Any statistics we gather and publish will be of a general nature and will not identify any given user of the website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, warn you before downloading cookies or disable cookies completely. Information regarding this may be found in your browsers ‘help’ facility.
The Cookies We Set
What we do with your information
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Personal contact information we collect from this website is used in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable laws.  Information will never be passed to any third parties for marketing purposes nor are any third parties authorised to use any personal information accessible through us for their own purposes.  Our web service provider, Sanctus Media, may use the information collected for administrative purposes, including, but not limited to, processing and sorting data, monitoring the effectiveness of our communication and issuing occasional correspondence on our behalf.  Sanctus Media is not authorised to use any personal information for their own purposes.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information, in the first instance, please send your request to glasgow@churchofscotland.org.uk.
You have the right to have your personal information removed from our records and/or request to be unsubscribed from our mailing list. Please write to us at glasgow@churchofscotland.org.uk with your request. If such a request is received, your details will be permanently deleted from our database.
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to from our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.