http://prince.pvt.k12.ia.us/wordpress/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Policy
Cookies:We use “cookies” when visitors access our sites, but we will not use them to obtain or track any personally identifying information about you. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive of a computer. They allow us to keep track of when and how people visit our sites. We use cookies to figure out the stuff on our sites people like best. We can then update our sites in the future based on what we learn about the types of activities and information visitors want to see.
Forum/Bulletin Boards:The forums are anonymous — so please be sure you use only your screen name or ID, not your real name, and don’t post any personal information (such as your address or phone number). You should keep in mind these basic rules when sharing your stories on the forum/bulletin boards.
Links to Other Sites:These sites are not part of our Web site services and are not under our control. These sites will have different policies relating to your privacy and information they collect about you.
Questions and Changes:The Web is a quickly changing environment. We may need to change this privacy policy at some point in the future. You should check back here to learn of any changes we make to the policy in the future. We respects your privacy, and we want you to understand the ways in which we do and don’t use the information that you transmit when you visit our Web site.
Last Updated: Oct 29, 2003
About Prince of Peace
JMC Parent & Student Portal
Academic Calendar
Events Calendar
Faculty/Staff Directory
School Board
Academics
Student Activities
Employment Opportunities
Staff Information
Enrollment/Registration Process
Current Family Registration
Transfer Students
Lunch Menus
Fundraising
Irish Booster Club
Irish Auction
Irish Gift Cards
Sign-Up Genius (search volunteer@prince.pvt.k12.ia.us)
Foundation & Alumni
Jesus Christ Prince of Peace Church
AEA Resources
Donate to Prince of Peace Catholic School
STO of Southeast Iowa Redirect Your Tax Dollars and Provide Tuition Assistance for a Prince of Peace Catholic School Student. Make Your Contribution Before December 31st.
Click here to find out how it could help you and our students!
Please follow & like us
Translate
Select LanguageArabicChinese (Simplified)DutchEnglishFrenchGermanItalianPortugueseRussianSpanish
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Prince of Peace Catholic School
312 South 4th Street
Clinton, IA 52732
563-242-1663