http://privacy-law.blogspot.com/2013/06/
The Privacy Law Site
* Devoted to Privacy Laws and Regulations since 2005 *
Saturday, June 29, 2013
26 Senators Seek Details on Information Collection from NSA
26 Senators have sent a letter to DNI James Clapper seeking examples of how bulk collection of phone records information from provided unique intelligence.
The AP reports the story here.
posted by - at 9:57 AM
51 comments
COPPA Limits on Collection of Children's Information Applies to Apps as of July 1, 2013
Congress amended COPPA in 2012 to cover online services such as apps. As was previously the case, the law only applies to apps "directed at" children under the age of 13, or have actual knowledge of collection of personal information from children under 13.
COPPA also applies to services that allow users to play network-connected games, social networking activities,
purchase goods or services online, receive online advertisements, or
interact with other online content or services.
Mobile applications
that connect to the Internet, Internet-enabled gaming platforms,
voice-over-Internet protocol services, and Internet-enabled
location-based services also are online services covered by COPPA.
This also applies to geolocation information, and photo, video, or audio recordings of children under 13.
Websites and online services covered by COPPA must, among other things,
Provide direct notice to parents and obtain verifiable parental
consent, with limited exceptions, before collecting personal information
online from children;
Give parents the choice of consenting to the operator’s collection
and internal use of a child’s information, but prohibiting the operator
from disclosing that information to third parties (unless disclosure is
integral to the site or service, in which case, this must be made clear
to parents);
Provide parents access to their child's personal information to review and/or have the information deleted;
Give parents the opportunity to prevent further use or online collection of a child's personal information
posted by - at 9:47 AM
18 comments
Privacy Using WiFi
Via PC World, warnings and advice about information privacy when using public wifi.
it’s relatively easy to
capture sensitive communication at the vast majority of public
hotspots—locations like cafes, restaurants, airports, hotels, and other
public places. You can snag emails, passwords, and unencrypted instant
messages, and you can hijack unsecured logins to popular websites.Fortunately, ways exist to
protect your online activity while you’re out-and-about with your
laptop, tablet, and other Wi-Fi gadgets.
posted by - at 9:25 AM
2 comments
Tuesday, June 18, 2013
NSA, FBI Officials Clarify Surveillance Techniques
At a House hearing today, several intelligence officials testified in defense of recently reported surveillance techniques, most of which operated under Section 215 (tangible records) and FAA 702 (including the so-called 'PRISM' program). Some of the assertions made:
The NSA keeps a database of phone records, but not e-mails or text messages. This metadata is only a record calls made, calls received, time, data and duration of a call.
Metadata can only be accessed with reasonable, articulable suspicion.
The NSA does not do pattern analysis of metadata, because that is not permitted
Metadata is only accessed for terrorist investigations, not for domestic crimes.
The NSA has only ever accessed records of 300 phone numbers under Section 215.
Metadata is the only information the NSA collects or accesses under Section 215.
Only 22 people at the NSA can access metadata, and only 7 can disclose such information to the FBI.
A finding of reasonable suspicion is reviewed by superiors, documented, and audited.
Unlike the NSA the FBI accesses information other than metadata under Section 215.
FISA court orders are in some ways more difficult to get than grand jury subpoenas.
The FISC issues a certificate to read content of non-U.S. persons outside the country. The certificate lasts a year.
If a person surveilled under Section 702 enters the U.S., surveillance must cease.
Americans can only be surveilled in the U.S. with probable cause of relation to foreign intelligence activities or terrorism, under another provision of FISA.
Surveillance under Section 702 requires that the target be (1) a non-U.S. person (2) outside the U.S. at the time of surveillance and (3) have a link to terrorism.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is not a rubber stamp, but provides vigorous oversight and pushes back against certain claims. The reason they hardly ever reject applications for surveillance is because the FISC works with the NSA to clear up questions with the FISC.
Surveillance programs helped prevent at least 50 terrorist attacks since 2001. In about half of those, Section 702 information was "critical." In only 10 of the 50 prevented attacks, Section 215 information was useful. Section 215 was used less frequently because that only applies within the U.S. and the other disrupted attacks were on foreign soil.
Section 215 information was used to prevent a planned bombing of the New York subway system.
Information gathered under 702 helped prevent an attack on the New York Stock Exchange.
The NSA has approximately 1,000 system administrators with access similar to Edward Snowden.
Edward Snowden could not have access to all the information he claimed, and would need certificates to access certain surveillance information.
posted by - at 10:16 PM
2 comments
Tuesday, June 11, 2013
Google Asks Government to Allow it Disclose its Compliance With Requests for User Information
Google, citing hard work to over users' trust, has written to Eric Holder and FBI Director Mueller asking them to "help make it possible for Google to publish in information about its cooperation with requests or demands for user information relating national security requests, including FISA disclosures."
Google states "Google’s numbers would clearly show that our compliance with these requests falls far short of the claims being made. Google has nothing to hide."Few organizations have the potential to gather and aggregate as much user information as does Google, and as it does so to a greater extent, (through search, Gmail, Google Plus, Blogger, Youtube) its credibility that it safeguards users' personal information will become a valuable corporate asset. This is true for other companies as well, of course, so it will not be surprising to see other organizations take similar steps to the letter Google's Chief Legal Officer sent today, especially now that Google has taken the lead.
Dear Attorney General Holder and Director Mueller
Google has worked tremendously hard over the past fifteen years to earn
our users’ trust.
For example, we offer encryption across our services;
we have hired some of the best security engineers in the world; and we
have consistently pushed back on overly broad government requests for
our users’ data.
We have always made clear that we comply with valid legal requests.
And
last week, the Director of National Intelligence acknowledged that
service providers have received Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
(FISA) requests.
Assertions in the press that our compliance with these requests gives
the U.S. government unfettered access to our users’ data are simply
untrue.
However, government nondisclosure obligations regarding the
number of FISA national security requests that Google receives, as well
as the number of accounts covered by those requests, fuel that
speculation.
We therefore ask you to help make it possible for Google to publish in our Transparency Report
aggregate numbers of national security requests, including FISA
disclosures—in terms of both the number we receive and their scope.
Google’s numbers would clearly show that our compliance with these
requests falls far short of the claims being made.
Google has nothing
to hide.
posted by - at 2:11 PM
6 comments
Section 215 of the Patriot Act and the Verizon Court Order
The
order issued by the FISA Court for Verizon phone record metadata was
made under 50 U.S.C. § 1861, enacted into law as Section 215 of the
Patriot Act. We do not have the application submitted to the court, but we do have the court order. The law permits the court to order production of any tangible
things relevant to an investigation to protect against international
terrorism.
50
U.S.C. § 1861
the
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or a designee of the
Director (whose rank shall be no lower than Assistant Special Agent
in Charge) may make an application for an order requiring the
production of any tangible things (including books, records, papers,
documents, and other items) for an investigation to obtain foreign
intelligence information not concerning a United States person or to
protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence
activities, provided that such investigation of a United States
person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected
by the first amendment to the Constitution.
Each
application under this section
(1)
shall be made to:
(A)
a judge of the court
established by section
1803
(a)
of this title
or
(B)
a United States Magistrate Judge
under chapter 43
of title 28, who
is publicly designated by the Chief
Justice of the United States
to
have the power to hear
applications and grant orders for
the production of tangible things
under this section on behalf of a
judge of that court;
and
(2)
shall include—
(A)
a statement of facts showing that
there are reasonable grounds to
believe that the tangible things
sought are relevant to an
authorized investigation
(other than a threat assessment)
conducted in
accordance with
subsection (a)(2) to obtain foreign
intelligence
information not
concerning a United States person
or to protect
against
international terrorism or
clandestine intelligence activities,
such things being presumptively
relevant to an authorized
investigation if the applicant
shows in the statement of the
facts
that they pertain to—
(i)
a foreign power or an agent
of a foreign power;
(ii)
the activities of a suspected
agent of a foreign power
who is the subject of such
authorized investigation;
or
(iii)
an individual in contact
with, or known to, a
suspected agent of a
foreign power who is
the subject of such
authorized investigation.
posted by - at 6:32 AM
2 comments
Monday, June 10, 2013
Booz Allen Employee Claims Access to Vast NSA Surveillance Capabilities
In interviews with The Washington Post and The Guardian, a 29 year-old man claims that as an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton in Hawaii, he had access to information about NSA surveillance programs, including domestic wiretaps.
He is quoted as saying:
"I, sitting at my desk, certainly have the authorities to wiretap anyone —
from you or your accountant, to a federal judge, to even the
President."
He allegedly provided The Guardian with a top secret FISA court order for phone records collected by Verizon.
The man, named Edward Snowdon, said he did not have a high school diploma, much less a college degree, but was employed by the CIA, the NSA, Dell and Booz Allen in sensitive positions with access to top secret information. As proof of his claims, he provided reporters with his CIA identification and diplomatic passport.
Snowdon is Hong Kong, and Peter King, chairman of the House homeland security subcommittee, has already called for Snowden's extradition, "if Edward Snowden did in fact leak the NSA data as he claims."
There is reason to be skeptical of Snowdon's claims, but if his claims are accurate, it not only raises questions about the nature and legality of surveillance programs, but employment practices of defense contractors and access given to employees to private companies.
posted by - at 7:05 AM
1 comments
Friday, June 07, 2013
NSA Monitoring
E-Mail, Audio, Video, Search Terms via Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft
The Washington Post and The Guardian are reporting that the NSA has been collecting user information directly from major online services, including "audio and video chats, photographs, e-mails, documents, and
connection log."
Companies allegedly involved are Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL, Skype, YouTube and Apple. The Guardian reports British intelligence is gathering the same information. The program, designated "PRISM," operates under judicial oversight and has operated since 2007.
PRISM is apparently a very important intelligence program, cited in 1 out of every 7 intelligence reports.
It works with another program called BLARNEY, described as "an ongoing collection program that leverages IC [intelligence
community] and commercial partnerships to gain access and exploit
foreign intelligence obtained from global networks."
PRISM collects selected information and attempts, half-heartedly, to avoid collecting U.S. content. "Analysts ... key in 'selectors,' or search terms, that are designed to produce at least 51
percent confidence in a target’s 'foreignness'."
Reportedly Apple did not participate for several years, and Twitter does not. Other companies denied providing the government "direct access" to customer information.   The source providing the materials described real-time monitoring of search terms, e-mails, chat, video and audio communications.
posted by - at 12:56 PM
2 comments
Links
Federal Trade Commission
HHS Office of Civil Rights
Previous Posts
White House to Propose End to Bulk Collection
26 Senators Seek Details on Information Collection...
COPPA Limits on Collection of Children's Informati...
Privacy Using WiFi
NSA, FBI Officials Clarify Surveillance Techniques
Google Asks Government to Allow it Disclose its Co...
Section 215 of the Patriot Act and the Verizon Cou...
Booz Allen Employee Claims Access to Vast NSA Surv...
NSA Monitoring
E-Mail, Audio, Video, Search Terms...
New York Judge Expresses Skepticism on Stop-and-Frisk
Archives
March 2005
April 2005
May 2005
June 2005
July 2005
August 2005
September 2005
October 2005
November 2005
December 2005
January 2006
February 2006
March 2006
April 2006
May 2006
June 2006
July 2006
August 2006
September 2006
October 2006
November 2006
December 2006
January 2007
March 2007
April 2007
May 2007
June 2007
July 2007
October 2007
November 2007
February 2008
October 2008
November 2008
February 2009
April 2009
May 2009
July 2009
October 2009
February 2010
March 2010
April 2010
June 2010
October 2010
November 2010
February 2011
March 2011
April 2011
July 2011
January 2012
March 2012
September 2012
December 2012
January 2013
May 2013
June 2013
March 2014