https://probonoaustralia.com.au/legals/
Advertisement
Log in
Username or email: *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Forgot password?  |  Sign up
Log in with:
News
Policy
General
Fundraising
Governance
Research
Innovation
Careers
Careers
Search jobs
Find volunteer roles with purpose
Events & Education
Salary Survey
Impact
Impact 25
SOCIAL IMPACT
Directories
Grants
Guide to Giving
Good Business
Partner with us
Reach our audience
News
Policy
Social affairs
Fundraising
Philanthropy
Governance
Marketing
Innovation
Good Business
Social finance
Careers
Culture
Big picture
Careers
Find a job
Post a job
Volunteer
Mentor the Treasurer
Salary Survey
Impact
Who we are
Impact 25
Civil Voices
Sector Survey 2015
Resources
Webinars
Grants
Events
Guide to Giving
Source
Good Business
Partner with us
Reach our audience
MEDIA, JOBS & RESOURCES for the COMMON GOOD
Subscribe to our free social sector news and jobs services!
Stay informed with Australia's number 1 resource for the social sector.
Breaking national NFP news
Jobs and career opportunities
Conferences and events from across Australia
Plus: Sign up today and receive a FREE copy of our Executive Webinar: Government Relations for Not for Profits - A Tactical Approach.
First Name
Last Name
Email: *
Post Code*
Subscribe to our email bulletins:
Pro Bono News | Social sector news bulletin. Sent every Tuesday and Thursday morning.
Get the social sector's most essential news coverage, including news highlights, opinion pieces and features to keep you up-to-date with Australia’s most valuable sector.
Pro Bono News | Good Business edition. Sent on the first Wednesday of every month.
Get news covering the latest innovations in local and international for-good business practices.
Pro Bono Careers | Purpose-driven job alerts & career news. Sent every Monday morning.
Get purpose-driven roles delivered straight to your inbox. Accompanied by the latest careers news, including Changemakers and who’s moving where in the sector, you’ll never be out of touch with career developments within the sector.
Pro Bono Resources | Sector specific professional tools & webinar updates. Sent once a week.
Get notifications on the latest webinar topics, as well as other Pro Bono Australia professional development resources.
Subscriber Offers | Exclusive sector content from our supporting partners. Sent once a month.
By clicking 'subscribe' you agree to Pro Bono Australia's terms and conditions.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
By clicking 'subscribe' you agree to Pro Bono Australia's terms and conditions.
Click the 'X' OR press 'Esc' to close
Home ›
Legals
Legals
Policies and Disclaimers for Pro Bono Australia Users
Your access to and continued use of the Pro Bono Australia website constitutes your acceptance, without limitation, of these policies and disclaimers. Any resale of this information or use for commercial gain is prohibited, except in agreement with Pro Bono Australia.
Copyright Protection
All materials appearing on probonoaustralia.com.au are the property of Pro Bono Australia Pty Ltd, unless otherwise indicated, and are protected by Australian copyright laws. Any reproduction or distribution, except for personal, informational use, is a violation of our copyright. If you would like to make copies and/or distribute or in any way use content from our website, please contact probono@probonoaustralia.com.au
Trademark Protection
Pro Bono is a registered service/trademark of Pro Bono Australia Pty Ltd. All other trademarks referred to on this website are service/trademarks of their respective owners.
Accuracy Disclaimer
Pro Bono Australia does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, quality, completeness, currency, or validity of any information on its website or linked from the site. Some of the materials in classified ads, press releases, and newsletters are also provided by other organisations. Pro Bono Australia does not edit or control the financial information it receives. Due to the possibility of human and mechanical error, neither Pro Bono Australia nor any of the contributors to this site are responsible for any errors or omissions. All information is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. Neither Pro Bono Australia nor the contributors to the site make any representations as to the accuracy or integrity of the information. They disclaim all express, implied, and statutory warranties of any kind, including warranties as to accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. Neither Pro Bono Australia nor its contributors will be liable for any damages of any kind incurred as a result of the information posted on this site.
Endorsement Disclaimer
Pro Bono Australia does not endorse, support, sanction, or verify the information or material that is provided on this site or linked to this site. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, Pro Bono Australia has no affiliation with any of the organisations mentioned or described on the website, and it makes no representations or warranties with regard to those organisations. Nor does Pro Bono Australia endorse or affiliate itself with any of the organisations, which are linked to or from this Web site.
Disclaimer Regarding Financial & Legal Advice
The information on this site, including but not limited to reports, newsletters, articles, and opinions is provided for educational and informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide legal, accounting, or tax advice and should not be relied on in that respect. We suggest that you hire a lawyer, accountant, and/or financial advisor to answer any financial or legal questions.
General Disclaimer
Pro Bono Australia is not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or any other damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or in reliance on the information available on the site. This includes any personal injury, business interruption, loss of use, lost data, lost profits, or any other pecuniary loss, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if Pro Bono Australia has been informed of the possibility.
No guarantees or endorsements of sites or services we link to, or that link to us
Pro Bono Australia has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. These linked sites are not under the control of Pro Bono Australia and as such we cannot be responsible for the contents (including the accuracy, legality or decency) of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Pro Bono Australia is providing these links to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Pro Bono Australia. Pro Bono Australia is not responsible for the copyright compliance of any linked site.
Classified Ads Disclaimer
Pro Bono Australia and its affiliates make no representations or warranties of any kind either express or implied regarding the information contained in the Products and services represented on the site. Classified ads have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. Use the information at your own risk.
Response to comments disclaimer
Pro Bono Australia appreciates hearing from you. All efforts will be made to respond to your comments, but Pro Bono Australia cannot guarantee it will do so. Any response will be for informational or educational purposes only and will not constitute legal or financial advice. Pro Bono Australia makes no warranties, express or implied, about the information in these responses.
Privacy Policy
Pro Bono Australia values your privacy. Although our site compiles standard log files to measure the site’s traffic, it does not specifically identify any e-mail addresses. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and is not shared with other organisations.
Your conduct in public areas of the site
Pro Bono Australia publishes electronic forums that provide for feedback and interaction between users. As a condition of your use of this facility, you agree that you will not:
post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene or indecent information or material of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable law;
post or transmit any material of any kind which violates or infringes upon the rights of any other person, including material which is an invasion of any privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trade mark or any other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or relevant right holder;
post or transmit any material of any kind which contains a virus or other harmful component
post, transmit or in any way exploit any material of any kind for commercial purposes, or which contains any promotional material or advertising;
Pro Bono Australia will from time to time monitor or review the contents of its facility. Pro Bono Australia reserves its right to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information and/or materials (in whole or in part) that in Pro Bono Australia’s sole discretion is in any way objectionable or in violation of any applicable law or the policies of this site. Pro Bono Australia has no obligation whatsoever to monitor the facility or to edit, delete or refuse to post such contents, nor is Pro Bono Australia responsible for any contents in any facility (including any information, comments and/or advice of any individual referred whose statements on the Pro Bono Australia site/s are solely their own). Pro Bono Australia takes no responsibility for the accuracy or veracity of material posted to the facility. You expressly acknowledge and agree that the facility provides a means of public and not private communications.
Advertising Terms & Conditions
Advertisers on Pro Bono Australia must agree to the following terms and conditions.
Terms
1. Prices set by Pro Bono Australia (ABN 53 090 770 666) may vary without notice.
2. The prices listed on this site are valid from 1 Jan 2010 and include GST.
3. All amounts owing to Pro Bono Australia must be paid within 14 days of the date of invoice. Pro Bono Australia may charge interest on late payment.
4. Advertisers must pay the amount of all invoices in full notwithstanding any errors or omissions in any advertisement.
Conditions
Job advertising – It is the responsibility of advertisers to ensure they comply with the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission Act 1986 and any other anti-discrimination legislation applicable in the state in which they conduct business. Where an exemption has been granted it is the advertisers responsibility to supply the exemption number which must be included in the advertisement submitted to Pro Bono Australia.
Pro Bono Australia will not accept advertisements that appear to be contrary to any law.
The advertiser indemnifies Pro Bono Australia against all claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred on any account by Pro Bono Australia as a result of the listing or intended listing of any advertisement by that advertiser on probonoaustralia.com.au or any related site.
Pro Bono Australia makes every effort to avoid errors in advertisements. However, we accept no responsibility or liability for any errors and require that advertisers check their advertisements for errors as soon as they are placed on the site(s). Pro Bono Australia will of course make every effort to remedy any errors in a timely manner.
Pro Bono Australia reserves the right to either reject or remove any advertisement from its site(s) for any reason.
Pro Bono Australia is not liable for any loss or damage incurred by an advertiser as a result of any failure or delay in listing an advertisement
Terms & Conditions
We, Pro Bono Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 090 770 666), own and operate the website that you have accessed at the domain probonoaustralia.com.au (Website). By accessing and using our Website you must comply with these terms and conditions (as varied from time to time).
Use
You may view our Website and save an electronic copy, or print out a copy, of content contained in our Website solely for your own personal use, information, research or study.
You must not:
access or use our Website or its content in any manner or for any purpose that is illegal;
use any device, software, process or means to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Website;
use an automated device, software, process or other means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index our Website or any contact on our Website,
hide, alter, distribute, reproduce or delete any copyright, trade mark, proprietary notices, advertisements or any other information contained on our Website;
use our Website to transmit any spam, chain mail, or junk mail;
use our Website or post any material that is offensive, inappropriate, misleading, or promotes competing services; or
introduce any viruses or material which contain components harmful to the Website.
You must take your own precautions to ensure your use of our Website does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference, which may damage your own computer systems. We will not be responsible for any interference or damage to your own computer systems or data that arises in connection with use of our Website.
Access
We use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that our Website is accessible, but there will be times when access must be suspended in order to perform necessary maintenance, updates, or upgrades. We reserve our right to terminate your access to this site at any time without reason and without notice.
Intellectual property
Unless otherwise provided, all content on our Website, including, but not limited to, text, icons, graphics and the intellectual property rights subsisting in such content, is our property or the property of our contributors, suppliers or advertisers.
No part or portion of the content on our Website may be sold, modified, reproduced, transmitted, distributed or used in any manner except as provided above, or with our prior written consent.
Accuracy and Endorsements
We do not make any representations, nor warrant or guarantee, as to the accuracy, quality, completeness, currency, or validity of any information on our Website or linked to our Website.
We do not necessarily endorse all of the content on our Website or linked to our Website. Some of the material in classified ads, press releases, and newsletters is provided by other organisations. We may, but are not obliged to, edit or control such material.
The advice and information contained on our Website is of a general nature and does not take into account individual circumstances. It is not intended to be or replace professional advice.
Links
Our Website provides links to other websites. Any such links are provided purely for your convenience. We cannot be responsible for the contents (including the accuracy, legality or decency) of any linked site, or for its security or privacy measures. You must make your own enquires as to the suitability of the content of linked sites and the goods and services available from them.
Liability
To the extent permitted by the law, we exclude all liability for any direct or indirect loss, claim, or damage under the law of contract, tort or otherwise, including loss of property, loss of business, loss of internet connection, loss of profit, loss, or corruption of data, loss of use, whether foreseeable or not, that arises out of, or in connection to the use of or access to our Website.
Communications
We appreciate hearing from you, but please note that by making material and other information available to us (including by posting it in any public area of our Website), you are granting us a licence to use, reproduce distribute, transmit and create derivate works. If you do not want us to use your information please refrain from posting it on our Website.
All efforts will be made to respond to your comments, but we cannot guarantee we will do so. Our responses are for informational or educational purposes only and you should form your own conclusions and seek your own advice regarding their content.
We will from time to time monitor or review the contents of our Website and we reserve the right to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information and/or material (in whole or in part) that, in our sole discretion, we consider to be objectionable or in violation of any applicable law.
General
If any part of these terms and conditions are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable or void, that part shall be severed to the extent necessary and the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of these terms and conditions will be construed as a waiver of any other breach of these terms and conditions.
Information on our Website is intended for Australian residents.
Advertisement
Subscribe
Get purpose-driven news, careers and resources delivered straight to your inbox.
×
News
PolicySocial affairsFundraisingPhilanthropyGovernanceMarketingInnovationGood BusinessSocial financeCareersCultureBig picture Back
Careers
Find a jobPost a jobVolunteerMentor the TreasurerSalary Survey Back
Resources
WebinarsGrantsEventsGuide to GivingSourceGood Business Back
Impact
Who we areImpact 25Civil VoicesSector Survey 2015 Back
Partner with us
Reach our audience Back
My account
Subscribe