https://probonoaustralia.com.au/privacy/
Advertisement
Log in
Username or email: *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Forgot password?  |  Sign up
Log in with:
News
Policy
General
Fundraising
Governance
Research
Innovation
Careers
Careers
Search jobs
Find volunteer roles with purpose
Events & Education
Salary Survey
Impact
Impact 25
SOCIAL IMPACT
Directories
Grants
Guide to Giving
Good Business
Partner with us
Reach our audience
News
Policy
Social affairs
Fundraising
Philanthropy
Governance
Marketing
Innovation
Good Business
Social finance
Careers
Culture
Big picture
Careers
Find a job
Post a job
Volunteer
Mentor the Treasurer
Salary Survey
Impact
Who we are
Impact 25
Civil Voices
Sector Survey 2015
Resources
Webinars
Grants
Events
Guide to Giving
Source
Good Business
Partner with us
Reach our audience
MEDIA, JOBS & RESOURCES for the COMMON GOOD
Subscribe to our free social sector news and jobs services!
Stay informed with Australia's number 1 resource for the social sector.
Breaking national NFP news
Jobs and career opportunities
Conferences and events from across Australia
Plus: Sign up today and receive a FREE copy of our Executive Webinar: Government Relations for Not for Profits - A Tactical Approach.
First Name
Last Name
Email: *
Post Code*
Subscribe to our email bulletins:
Pro Bono News | Social sector news bulletin. Sent every Tuesday and Thursday morning.
Get the social sector's most essential news coverage, including news highlights, opinion pieces and features to keep you up-to-date with Australia’s most valuable sector.
Pro Bono News | Good Business edition. Sent on the first Wednesday of every month.
Get news covering the latest innovations in local and international for-good business practices.
Pro Bono Careers | Purpose-driven job alerts & career news. Sent every Monday morning.
Get purpose-driven roles delivered straight to your inbox. Accompanied by the latest careers news, including Changemakers and who’s moving where in the sector, you’ll never be out of touch with career developments within the sector.
Pro Bono Resources | Sector specific professional tools & webinar updates. Sent once a week.
Get notifications on the latest webinar topics, as well as other Pro Bono Australia professional development resources.
Subscriber Offers | Exclusive sector content from our supporting partners. Sent once a month.
By clicking 'subscribe' you agree to Pro Bono Australia's terms and conditions.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
By clicking 'subscribe' you agree to Pro Bono Australia's terms and conditions.
Click the 'X' OR press 'Esc' to close
Privacy
This privacy policy relates to how Pro Bono Australia Pty Ltd ACN 090 770 660 collects and handles your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). In this policy “we”, “our” and “us” refers to Pro Bono Australia.
For the purposes of this policy, “personal information” means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
This Privacy Policy explains how we will treat your personal information that we collect. We review our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure it is up-to-date so we encourage you to revisit it from time to time. Alternatively if you would like a hardcopy sent to you then please request it by contacting our Privacy Officer at admin@probonoaustralia.com.au and we will provide you a copy of this Privacy Policy free of charge.
If you have questions or suggestions please contact us at:
Email: admin@probonoaustralia.com.au
Mailing address: Suite 306, 235 Queen St Melbourne Vic 3000
Telephone: (03) 8080 5650
This policy was last updated 12 November 2014.
Information we collect
Types of information we collect
In the process of conducting our businesses, we collect a range of personal information from subscribers, organisations that use our advertising services and participants of our surveys and questionaries. This information can include such things as a person’s name, email, contact details, organisation name, position title, and in certain circumstances, salary and bonus payments. We will only collect your personal information where it is reasonably necessary in order for us to carry out one or more of our functions or activities.
Information we collect from others
We may collect personal information by fair and lawful means from publicly available records, databases, or social media for the purposes of carrying out our services.
We also use “Cookies” to keep track of personal preferences and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. “Cookies” are small files that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser and enable our site to recognise your browser and remember certain information. You should be able to configure your computer so that it disables cookies or does not accept them. However, If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use our products or services that require you to “sign in,” and you may not be able to take full advantage of our service.
Sensitive information
Some personal information, such as information relating to salary and bonus payments, is sensitive and requires a higher level of protection under the APPs. We will only collect your sensitive information when we have your consent and the collection is reasonably necessary for us to carry out one or more of our functions or activities.
Use or disclosure
We collect and use personal information in order to:
provide our subscribers with news and event information, promotions and publications;
develop and distribute educational material;
provide advertising services and related services;
provide recruitment services;
produce our research publications and anonymous sector reporting;
process payments for services and products;and
other purposes related to the provision of our goods and services.
Organisations that we regularly share personal information with include secure payment gateways, mail distribution providers and secure data storage providers. We will not sell or provide your information to a third party for the purposes of direct marketing without your informed consent.
Direct marketing
Direct marketing is the promotion of goods and services directly to you including through emails, SMS, phone calls and the post. We will only send you direct marketing materials if you would reasonably expect to receive them, or you have consented. If it is impractical to gain your consent, we will always provide a simple means for you to request not to receive the material. We will not use your sensitive information for the purposes of direct marketing unless you have given us prior consent.
Cross-border disclosure
We may use overseas service providers to process personal information if we reasonably believe that the overseas entity is subject to the same or similar privacy laws to that found in Australia, or you have otherwise consented to us disclosing your personal information to the overseas entity.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us and we use the recommended industry standards when storing and dealing with your personal information. We use a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology to process any financial transactions.
While we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected from misuse, interference or loss, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. You should ensure that you regularly change any access passwords and always logout of any secure pages.
Destruction
When we no longer need your personal information for a permitted purpose and we are not required to keep it to comply with any laws, we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to destroy your personal information or to ensure that the information is de-identified.
Access and Correction
We will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that your personal information is accurate, up-to-date, complete and relevant.
Upon your written request we will provide you with a copy of your personal information that we hold unless there is a legitimate reason under the APPs), or another law, not to do so.
We will take reasonable steps to correct your personal information if we are satisfied that it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. This extends to third parties that we have provided your personal information to unless it is impracticable or unlawful to do so.
Making a Complaint
If you have a concern or complaint relating to our handling of your personal information or any breaches of the APPs, please send a written note to our Privacy Officer at admin@probonoaustralia.com.au, outlining the nature of the complaint. We will endeavour to respond to your complaint within 30 days of receipt. If unresolved, the complaint may be referred to an external complaints resolution entity and finally, if necessary, taken to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
COLLECTION NOTICE
This collection notice outlines how we (Pro Bono Australia Pty Ltd ACN 090 770 660), collect and handle your personal information in compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). For any questions please contact us at admin@probonoaustralia.com.au
We collect your personal information to provide you with our advertising services, send you information on news and events, provide you with reports and other publications and to carry out our research and industry reporting activities. We also use your personal information to send you direct marketing and promotional information about us.
Please be aware that we use “Cookies” and other browser tracking software to monitor your use of our website and try to improve our services to you. We may also collect personal information about you that is available on public records, databases or social media.
We may use third parties to process your personal information: Some of the entities we may disclose your personal information to are based overseas, however we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the entities are required to comply with the same or similar standands of privacy as those found under Australian law.
Thank you for taking the time to read and complete this collection notice.  Please read our Privacy Policy on our website probonoaustralia.com.au for information on how to access and update your personal information or make a complaint about privacy.
Advertisement
Subscribe
Get purpose-driven news, careers and resources delivered straight to your inbox.
×
News
PolicySocial affairsFundraisingPhilanthropyGovernanceMarketingInnovationGood BusinessSocial financeCareersCultureBig picture Back
Careers
Find a jobPost a jobVolunteerMentor the TreasurerSalary Survey Back
Resources
WebinarsGrantsEventsGuide to GivingSourceGood Business Back
Impact
Who we areImpact 25Civil VoicesSector Survey 2015 Back
Partner with us
Reach our audience Back
My account
Subscribe