https://pulaskilawfirm.com/privacy-policy/
Confidential, Free Case Evaluation. info@pulaskilawfirm.com 1 800-223-3784
News
Contact Us
About
Law Firm Background
Attorney Profiles
Case Evaluation
Privacy Policy
Pharmaceuticals
Medical Devices
Insurance Litigation
COVID-19 Business Interruption Claims
Hurricane Business Interruption Claims
Flood Business Interruption Claims
California Wildfire Business Interruption Claims
Other Practice Areas
Asbestos
Auto Accident
Aviation Accident
Bumbo Recall
Defective Car Child Restraint
Injury
Medical Malpractice
Medical Device Litigation
Nursing Home Negligence
Overtime Wage Loss
Products Liability
Mesothelioma & Asbestos
About
Law Firm Background
Attorney Profiles
Case Evaluation
Privacy Policy
Pharmaceuticals
Medical Devices
Insurance Litigation
COVID-19 Business Interruption Claims
Hurricane Business Interruption Claims
Flood Business Interruption Claims
California Wildfire Business Interruption Claims
Other Practice Areas
Asbestos
Auto Accident
Aviation Accident
Bumbo Recall
Defective Car Child Restraint
Injury
Medical Malpractice
Medical Device Litigation
Nursing Home Negligence
Overtime Wage Loss
Products Liability
Mesothelioma & Asbestos
You are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC
Privacy Policy
CONSUMER COMMUNICATION
Phone calls between you and Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC or any of our affiliates, agents, case managers, paralegals, and/or attorneys may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes.
We may make calls and/or send text messages to you at any telephone number associated with your account including using prerecorded/artificial voice messages and/or an automatic telephone dialing system or other manner. You certify, warrant, and represent that the telephone numbers you have provided to us are your own contact numbers and that you are permitted to receive calls at each of the telephone numbers you have provided to us.
You agree that Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC may send messages to you through email at any email address you provide us. We may use other electronic means of communication as permitted by law.
GENERAL
Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC and its affiliates (referred to herein as “Pulaski Kherkher”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to complying with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which describes what information we collect about you, how we use it, with whom we may share it, and what choices you have regarding our use of your information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our website located at Pulaskilawfirm.com, any webpage that Pulaski Kherkher maintains that links to this Privacy Policy, any current or future mobile applications associated with Pulaski Kherkher or the website, and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to the Privacy Policy or otherwise provided to, or collected by, us in connection with the services we provide (collectively, the “Services”).
Pulaski Kherkher Onboarding is a standard-rate, recurring SMS and MMS program which assists new clients of the firm in the onboarding process.   Message and data rates may apply. By opting into Pulaski Kherkher Onboarding, end-users agree to receive pre-written SMS messages from or on behalf of Pulaski Kherkher and understand that consent is not a condition of service.
Types of Information Collected
“Personal Information” in this privacy policy is defined as information that may be used to identify you, either on its own or along with other information. Some examples of this type of information would include your name, mailing address, email address, and phone numbers. Your Social Security information and bank account numbers or other financial information would also be representative of personal information. Any other information Pulaski Kherkher  requests that you provide for representation would be labeled as personal information if applicable.
We may ask you for certain information while creating an account, contacting us or while you use our Services. We may request your name, email address, phone number, and zip code. We may also request certain personal information with active clients as part of the attorney/client relationship. You have the choice as to whether you choose to provide that information. In some instances, we may be unable to respond to your request without that information.
Pulaski Kherkher, along with third-party providers may use cookies along with other technology tools, including tracking pixels and analytics to collect information automatically from you. This includes Personal Information. The information collected uses your IP address and location information as well as the type of web browser being used and operating system. It may also access your browsing history and other information on usage that is automatically provided by your Internet Service Provider to our Services.
ONLINE ANALYTICS
To gain a better understanding of how you use our Services and what can be done to improve them, we may use third party analytics tools. These tools may include Google Analytics along with other resources, which collect information sent by your device. This information may include other pages you have visited. You can learn more about the way Google collects and uses information by visiting the website http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/parters/. You can opt out of allowing data to be used by Google Analytics by downloading a browser which can be found at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
COOKIES
A cookie is a tiny piece of data which is stored on your computer or other device by your web browser and provides information to third parties about your settings and preferences. Pulaski Kherkher may use cookies to collect information for security and personalization. You may go to the settings on your web browser or mobile device and opt out of some information being collected. If you do so, it may impact some of the features and function of Services. To find out how to change your preferences on cookies, you can go to the Help menu in your browser. You can also go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
HOW WE MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the personal information collected in the following ways:
To provide legal services you have requested;
To process requests made for a free consultation and evaluation of your case;
To determine your need for legal counsel;
To create an account for you and to manage it going forward;
To send newsletters, event information, and other information that may be of interest to you;
To send legal updates;
To respond to your inquiry;
To provide communication with you, which may include phone calls, prerecorded messages, and automatic text messages;
To operate and improve the Service;
To troubleshoot issues with the Service;
To gain an understanding of how people are using the Services;
To improve communication and personalize advertisements;
To recruit and hire new personnel;
To evaluate current personnel;
To enforce Terms of Use;
To comply with all applicable laws and regulations;
To protect our rights and our property and to ensure security;
To protect the integrity of our business and Services and that of any third party relationships.
HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may determine that it is necessary and beneficial to provide your personal information to third party service providers who are performing services for our business, such as mailing vendors and web-hosting firms.
Pulaski Kherkher may disclose certain information which has had identifying information removed to third parties for the purpose of analytics or marketing.
Pulaski Kherkher may share certain Personal Information with your permission to other law firms when we make referrals or represent a client jointly. We may provide this information as it is required for our legal representation of you as our client. We will work to preserve the confidentiality of this information through attorney/client privilege.
Pulaski Kherkher may be required by law to disclose certain information as part of an investigation or to protect our property or the safety of third parties and to prevent crime.
We may provide Personal Information to service providers and others who act in a third-party role in the instance of a merger or acquisition by another business or if we sell or liquidate part of our assets. Pulaski Kherkher is allowed to disclose your Personal Information in other instances with your consent.
OPT OUT
You can opt out of receiving marketing materials from us by sending an email to privacy@pulaskilawfirm.com or through mail sent to the address in our Contact Us information. It may take as long as 10 calendar days to remove your contact information from marketing lists. You can also use our contact information if any information has changed or is inaccurate.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We take all reasonable measures to protect any Personal Information that is given to us. However, we cannot provide an absolute guarantee for your Personal Information because no security system or measure are 100 percent impenetrable. We do not control the security of wireless or Internet networks. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any information sent via those methods.
LINKED WEBSITES
We do not provide guarantees for third-party websites or social media which may be accessed through links we provide. Once you leave the Pulaski Kherkher website, other parties may collect your information, which we take no responsibility for. We do not control other websites or social networks nor endorse them. If you choose to visit another website from the links we provide, we encourage you to review those privacy policies before interacting with them and allowing them access to your information.
DO NOT TRACK REQUESTS
We do not monitor any Do Not Track requests from a browser. We adhere to the standards set in this Privacy Policy.
USING THE SERVICES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
If you are accessing the Services from somewhere other than the United States of America, you should be aware that your Personal Information may be processed in the United States, which is where the servers are located. The laws that govern data protection may differ from those in your country. By using these Services, you are consenting to having your information transferred to the servers in the United States as well as with the third parties as described in the Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not collect Personal Information online or solicit knowingly from children under the age of 13. If you believe we have obtained any such information without consent of a parent or legal guardian contact us at our address listed below.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY LAWS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Services to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing. To make this request, please send an email to privacy@pulaskilawfirm.com.
The following section details the rights of California residents regarding their personal information which is collected by Pulaski Kherkher PLLC and subject to the state privacy laws. It also details what those privacy rights are and how to exercise them.
1. Collection and Disclosure of Categories of Personal Information under California Privacy Law
In accordance with California law, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information within the preceding 12 months:
Data for identification (for example, name, mailing or physical address, date of birth, email address, IP address, and online identifiers);
Signature, Taxpayer Identification Number, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license number, insurance policy number, account numbers, and other categories of Personal Information as defined by Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80;
Protected classifications under California or federal law (for example, age, citizenship status, national origin or ancestry);
Commercial information (for example, records of services purchased or other purchasing histories);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of our Sites;
Data on location;
Sensory data (for example, video and audio recordings);
Professional information;
Employment information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from any information identified above.
We may disclose any Personal Information as necessary with referral counsel, co-counsel or service providers as well as what was described in the above section, “How We May Share Your Information”.
Pulaski Kherkher PLLC has not sold personal information about consumers within the preceding 12-month period from the date of the Privacy Policy.
2. Your Privacy Rights Under California Law
Under California law, subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the following rights with respect to their Personal Information:
You have the right to be notified of what categories of Personal Information will be collected at or before the point of collection and the purposes for which they will be used and shared.
You have the right to request information on the categories of Personal Information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such Personal Information is collected and shared. You also have the right to request information on the categories of Personal Information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your Personal Information.
You have the right to request to have your Personal Information deleted from our servers and we will direct our service providers to do the same. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required to retain your Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law; (4) to otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
3. How to Enforce Your California Privacy Rights
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to privacy@pulaskilawfirm.com or call us toll-free at: 1-800-223-3784. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by any business when you exercise California privacy rights.
We take all reasonable measures to ensure that the people who receive and respond to your requests are informed about what your rights are and how to help you exercise your rights. We provide the following guidelines for when you contact us to exercise your privacy rights.
Let us know which right you are choosing to exercise. Specify the right and the personal information which is related to your request. Make sure to tell us if you are acting on someone else’s behalf and detail your authority to do so.
Assist in verifying your identity. Provide requested information for identity verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we may require other information. If you provide personal information for verification, it will be used only for this purpose.
Provide a delivery address for response. Include an email or mailing address where we can send our response. If you send your request by email, we will assume it is the same email that can be used for a response unless you indicate otherwise.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Pulaski Kherkher reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy as necessary based on changes to policy or laws. These changes will take effect upon the date of posting the revised or new policy on our services. The last updated date will let you know when the policy was last updated. If you continue to use our services, it is an agreement to accept the changes made to the privacy policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about the privacy policy or any privacy practices or how we handle your Personal Information, you can contact us in one of the following ways:
E-mail: privacy@pulaskilawfirm.com
Telephone: 1-800-223-3784
Mail: Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC
2925 Richmond Avenue
Suite 1725
Houston, TX 77098
LAST UPDATED: July 15, 2020
Have any questions?info@pulaskilawfirm.com 2925 Richmond Avenue, Suite 1725, Houston, TX 77098 1-800-223-3784
PULASKI KHERKHER, PLLC is located in Houston, Texas. We represent plaintiffs from across the United States, individually, and in class and mass actions.
About
Practice Areas
Attorney Profiles
Accessibility
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Goto Top
Copyright © 2020 Pulaski Kherkher, PLLC.