https://pwrdf.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
AboutOur Work & ImpactGet InvolvedNewsWorld of Gifts
Give Today
Toggle Navigation
Menu
Close navigation
About
The Primate’s World Relief and Development Fund has been connecting Anglicans in Canada to people in need since 1958. It is named for the Primate, the head of the Anglican Church in Canada. Read more about our history, our volunteers and our governance structures here.
Our Work & Impact
The P stands for Primate (the head of the Anglican Church of Canada) but it also stands for our partners in Canada and around the world, people-centred development and for the parish volunteers who engage Canadians with our work.
Get Involved
The Canadian Anglican Partnership Program (CAPP) supports a dedicated network of volunteers across Canada through communications, promotional and educational resources and the youth council. We strive to make PWRDF part of the outreach and social justice ministry of every parish.
News
Contact Us
The Primate’s World Relief and Development Fund offices are located on the third floor of Anglican Church House in downtown Toronto. Email: pwrdf@pwrdf.org Phone: 416-924-9192 Toll Free: at 1-866-308-7973 Mail: 80 Hayden Street, 3rd floor Toronto, Ontario M4Y 3G2 Charitable Number: 8664 34640 RR0001 To reach any of our staff directly please refer to the […]
Purpose
This policy is designed to ensure that personal information collected by PWRDF is used and protected in an appropriate manner.
Application
This policy applies to all donors, directors, members, employees and agents of PWRDF.
Policy
PWRDF values the trust of those with whom it deals. PWRDF will:
protect the privacy of the personal information of its directors, members, employees, agents, donors and other stakeholders.
be transparent and accountable in how it treats and protects personal information that it receives
not share personal information outside the Anglican Church of Canada
obtain consent for personal information to be shared inside the Anglican Church of Canada
observe the principles set out in Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act , S.C. 2000, c.5.
Definitions
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information. Donor and volunteer information is always considered personal information.
Practices
PWRDF observes the following practices when collecting, maintaining and using personal information.
Consent
Express or implied consent, given by either the individual or an authorized representative, is required regarding the collection and proposed use and release of personal information. Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from an individual’s action or inaction.
Limited Collection
The collection of personal information is limited to that which is relevant and necessary to PWRDF’s programs and fundraising efforts.
Limited Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary for fulfillment of those purposes.
Accuracy
Personal information will be as complete, accurate and up-to-date as possible.   Donors are encouraged to review, correct and update personal information.
Safeguards
Personal information will be kept in confidence.  PWRDF personnel will be authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason for which it was obtained.  Appropriate physical and electronic measures will be used to ensure personal information is secure. The confidentiality of donor and volunteer records will continue after the relationship with the individual has ended.
Confidentiality
Donors who request that their name and/or the amount of their gift not be publicly released will remain anonymous.
Openness
Upon request, individuals will be given access to the information in their donor record.
Amendment
This policy may be amended by the PWRDF Board.
Approval Date: N/A
Review Date: N/A
Revision Date:  November 2016