https://quakers-in-ireland.ie/contact/privacy/
Ireland Yearly Meeting of The Religious Society of Friends is the charitable organisation which supports and works on behalf of all Quakers in Ireland. Our full address is Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), Quaker House Dublin, Stocking Lane, Dublin 16, Eircode:- D16 V3F8.
Ireland Yearly Meeting (IYM) acts as data controller when we collect personal data through our website from our members, attenders, volunteers, staff and other interested parties.
We collect this data in the legitimate interests of supporting our work. IYM will ask for consent for data processing where appropriate. When we ask for personal data we will inform you of how we intend to manage it and what measures we will take to ensure its security.
How we collect data
Ireland Yearly Meeting may collect personal data through:
Enquiry forms
Contact forms
Event booking forms
Membership database
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held in accordance with Data Protection Acts,(Ireland) 2018.
Why we collect data
We collect data to carry out administration in support of Quakers in Ireland, to do work on behalf of Quakers in Ireland, to offer services and events to Quakers and to the wider public.
Processing and consent
When we ask for personal data we will outline how we will use and manage it and, where appropriate, ask for your consent to do so.
We will not use this personal data for other purposes without asking your permission. We will not keep this information for longer than necessary. We will not use third parties to process your data without taking reasonable steps to ensure they comply with Data Protection Acts,(Ireland) 2018.
We will never sell your data to third parties.
Data location and security
Personal data is collected and stored securely, subject to appropriate security measures and is protected against misuse.
Your personal data is held in electronic and paper form as appropriate. Electronic data is held on secure hard drives operated by the appropriate officers of IYM and The Religious Society of Friends in Ireland and in some circumstances, on servers owned by third party contractors. We ensure that any third party contractors we use comply with Data Protection Acts,(Ireland) 2018. Data in paper form is held securely and destroyed securely.
Cookies
This website does not use cookies, apart from temporary “session” cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of web browser used by the website visitor
IYM will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of IYM, never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by IYM, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts,(Ireland) 2018.
Social media
If you share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook, following or tweeting about us on Twitter, those social networks will record that you have done so. They may set a cookie for this purpose.
In some cases, where a page on our website includes content from a social network, such as a Twitter feed, or Facebook comments box, those services may set a cookie even where you do not click a button. As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks. Social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves.
Log files
Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information. It is used, as described above, for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site.
External links
The Quakers in Ireland website may contain links to websites operated by third parties under different privacy policies. Should you choose one of those links, you will be leaving the Quakers in Ireland site and this privacy notice will no longer apply.
Changes to this notice
We will review and update this notice in line with best practice and changes in legislation. We will always have an up-to-date version of the notice on this page or clearly signpost its location on the site under ‘Privacy’.
Your rights over your data
If you have any queries, please in the first instance, contact Ireland Yearly Meeting by email – office@quakers.ie or by telephone: ++353 14998003.
Should you wish to make a subject access request to view your personal data held by us, please contact IYM at the above address.
Should you wish to withdraw permission for use of your data or to update the data we hold for you, please contact IYM at the above address.
Last updated August 2018.
Contact us
Ireland Yearly Meeting of The Religious Society of Friends
Email:  office@quakers.ie
Telephone:  ++353 14998003
Share this:EmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Upcoming Events
Silent Peace Gatherings Monkstown
December 13, 2020 at 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm
Monkstown Meeting Peace Gatherings  continue every Sunday by email.
Friends Online Winter Poetry Reading Sessions
December 17, 2020 at 7:45 pm – 8:30 pm
Silent Peace Gatherings Monkstown
December 20, 2020 at 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm
Monkstown Meeting Peace Gatherings  continue every Sunday by email.
Friends Online Winter Poetry Reading Sessions
December 24, 2020 at 7:45 pm – 8:30 pm
Silent Peace Gatherings Monkstown
December 27, 2020 at 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm
Monkstown Meeting Peace Gatherings  continue every Sunday by email.
Official Website of The Religious Society of Friends in Ireland
Find a Meeting
Ulster
Belfast (Frederick St)
Belfast (South)
Bessbrook
Coleraine
Derry (Londonderry)
Fermanagh Worship Group
Grange
Hillsborough
Lisburn
Lurgan
Moyallon
Richhill
Munster and Connacht
Cork
Clifden
Galway
Killarney
Limerick
Worship at Limerick Institute of Technology
Roscrea
Scariff
Waterford
Bantry
Skibbereen
Leinster
Ballitore
Churchtown
Drogheda
Dublin (Eustace St)
Edenderry
Enniscorthy
Kilkenny Worship Group
Monkstown
Rathfarnham
Book a Room
Quaker House Dublin
Meeting Room
Dining Room
Committee Room
Reports
Latest News
Beirut explosion and new challenges for Brummana High School in Lebanon
Invitation into Silence: Quaker Spirituality in a Time of Pandemic
South Belfast EcoQuaker Group Conversations via Zoom
History of Quakers in the Liberties
World Quaker Day 4th October 2020
New book on Samplers, Sewing and Simplicty
Junior Yearly Meeting 2020/21 30th Dec. 2020 – 3rd Jan. 2021 – POSTPONED
‘Re-imagining Society Sustainably’ – EcoQuakers’ online conference
Quakers and Ethical Investment booklet
SocialView QuakersIreland’s profile on FacebookView @QuakerIreland’s profile on TwitterYouTubeIreland Yearly Meeting of The Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) Stocking Lane, D16 V3F8
Phone: ++353 1 4998003
Email:  office@quakers.ie
CHY: 8083
CRA: 20019273
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
%d bloggers like this: