https://questers.ca/about/policies/
Toggle navigation
Home
About
About Us
Directors
FAQ’s on Dowsing
Honorary Life Members
Journal Info
Membership In Questers
Policies
Links To Dowser Societies & Info
Members Only
Quarterly Journal
AGM
Networking Directory
Chapters
About CSQ Chapters
Calgary Dowsers
Okanagan-Central Chapter
Okanagan-North Chapter
Qualicum Chapter
Surrey Chapter
Salmon Arm
Vancouver Questers
Conferences & Events
Conference
Events Calendar
Events List
Past Conferences
Blog
Contact Us
Content restricted
Donation Confirmation
Donation Failed
Donation History
Events
Home
Okanagan-North Chapter
PaymentSuccess
Qualicum Chapter
Salmon Arm
Website Training Session Basics 1 – 2. March 2018
About CSQ Chapters
About
Calgary Dowsers
Members Only
Store
Conferences
FAQ’s
Vancouver Questers
Blog
Surrey Chapter
Contact Us
Okanagan-Central Chapter
Shuswap Questers
Search
Policies
About
Policies
Privacy Policy
We at the Canadian Society of Questers are committed to providing quality information within a trusted environment. We respect your privacy. Our email and membership lists are kept in strict confidence and will never be shared with or sold to any third party marketer.
Privacy and safety issues are important to us, and to that end we’re pleased to offer a variety of links to Internet resources, within this website.
We make sure that our email list follows all applicable laws regarding email lists. This includes signing up subscribers and giving full options for control and unsubscribing to our email list subscribers.
Online orders are processed on a secure (SSL) connection for the security and privacy of your information. To insure proper processing protocols of the online store and also to enhance the user experience using our site, we use “cookies”. Visitors to our site always to have the option of disabling cookies via their own browser preferences.
We may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of our site. When users request pages from our sites, our servers may log the guests’ IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or to protect our service, site, customers or others.
Personal information gathered from registration forms (such as name, email or street address) is used to send information related to our products and services to consenting parties. When you indicate that you want to receive a product or service, or contact a person or organization, we share the data needed for you to receive what you have indicated.
Links – This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
We place a high priority on security. Our computer system uses a combination of hardware and software designed to protect against unauthorized entry and loss, theft, or misuse of personal information. Although we will make every effort to protect personal information, no computer system is immune from hackers and others who might misuse information. We are not responsible for any breach of security that is beyond our reasonable control.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
If you have questions regarding our private policy statement please contact us.
Scholarship Policy
CSQ offers a number of scholarships to members for each CSQ  conference. (The number is determined by the amount of raffle  proceeds.)
A member is encouraged to apply for a scholarship if a financial  shortage would prohibit attendance at a CSQ conference.
Application Guidelines
Applicant must be a current member of CSQ.
CSQ Members are eligible for one scholarship per year.
Previous recipients are welcome to apply once a year and their applications will be reviewed after first-time applicants have been considered.
The CSQ Scholarship Committee plans on using this policy as a guideline, but will give personal consideration to each application in the spirit of acceptance of possible exceptions when addressing the needs of the moment.
The Scholarship Application form is generic, and can be used by a member for any conference.  Download the form here.
Incorporation & Bylaws
Please download the following documents:
CSQ Submitted By-Laws Oct 2014
CSQ Articles of Incorporation
Continuance Prorogation
Member LoginTo access member only content or manage your subscription, please Login HereIf you are new to Questers, Join Now
Search
Recent Blog Posts
Susan Collins Christmas Message
Susan Collins Dowsing Bootcamp November 22 and 29 2020
Christopher Tims Quester Zoom Conference November 7 2020 10:00 am
Jeane Manning Conference Zoom Speaker October 27 7:00 PM
Tuesday October 20th   7pm PST Vlatsy Senovsky – Dowsing
Blog CategoriesBlog Categories
Select Category
Equinox  (5)
Conference Speaker  (46)
Space  (17)
UFOs  (8)
Summer Solstice  (1)
Universe  (8)
Paranormal  (11)
Eclipse  (2)
Recipe  (2)
Loving Kindness  (15)
Solstice  (4)
Weather  (1)
Free Energy  (2)
Dowsing Training Video  (9)
Questers History  (2)
Spiritual  (2)
Geomancer  (3)
Geo-science  (2)
Business Related  (1)
Humour  (3)
Events  (53)
Book Report  (2)
Fall Conference  (32)
Dowsing  (39)
Shaman  (13)
Huna  (1)
Questers Journal  (4)
Membership  (3)
Advertising  (1)
Life Lessons  (91)
Ancestors  (13)
Co-creation  (24)
Gratitude  (17)
Love  (44)
Meditation  (27)
Self Love  (19)
Healing  (60)
Storyteller  (18)
Dalai Lama  (1)
Peace  (50)
Happy  (29)
Letting Go  (65)
Creative  (17)
Mindfulness  (63)
Sharing  (67)
Spirit Animal  (16)
Nature  (51)
Compassion  (23)
Intention  (36)
How To  (33)
Angel  (4)
Miracle  (12)
Blessing  (22)
Vision  (10)
Crystals  (3)
Chakra  (2)
Books  (5)
Spring Conference  (36)
Buddhism  (14)
Other  (81)