https://rabbut.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Dating & Relationships
Intimacy
Online Dating
Self Care
Contact Rabbut
We are Rabbut. We are a bunch of content creators who are on a mission to make your life better!
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to deal with rejection?
What is Attunement & How it Helps You Meet “The One”
13 GOOD Reasons Why Young Men Are Interested in Older Women
3 Rules to Follow If You Want to Find A Commitment Oriented Man Online
Don’t text him… don’t call him.
Categories
Dating & Relationships
Intimacy
Online Dating
Self Care
Uncategorized
Best ReferencesHow to know you are in a toxic relationship
Red Flags for Online Dating as a Woman
Best Online Dating Platform 2020
Signs that He is Commitment Phobic
Baking for your boyfriend Ideas
Is he in love? Here is how to tell.
Should you really chase a man?
Why do men withdraw from the relationship?
The dangerous passion Book
Why women get ghosted?
Who we are
Our website address is: https://rabbut.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor’s experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.