https://rachelannnunes.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Books
Ariana
Mickelle
Rebekka
Huntington Family
Finding Home
Stand Alone
Deal For Love
Picture Books
A Town Called Forgotten
Lily’s House
Noble Hearts
Lisbon’s Misadventures
Unbounded
Imprints
Colony Six
Stand Alone Pen Names
Blog
Rachel Ann Nunes
Teyla Rachel Branton
About
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated July 7, 2018
What Personal Information Does This Site Collect?
Newsletter or Blog:
If you voluntarily sign up for Rachel Ann Nunes’s newsletter or blog, this site will record your email address, name (optional), and which newsletter or blog you signed up for. If you don’t give the site that information, it will exclude you from certain related activities such as receiving newsletters, blogs, and free offers. When subscribers click on a link in one of my emails or fills out a form, the site may record this information (see below how this information is used).
Users may visit the website anonymously without signing up for anything.
Subscribers may unsubscribe at any time and can ask for all personal data to be deleted.
Giveaways:
If you enter a giveaway, your name and address is collected. If you win a physical prize, you will need to supply your name and mailing address.
What Non-personal Information Does This Site Collect?
This website may collect non-personal information about visitors when they interact with the site. This information may include the browser name, means of connection to my site, and other non-identifying information.
Web Browser Cookies
This website may use “cookies” to enhance visitor experience.  Typically, cookies may be placed on visitors hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Visitors may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to send an alert when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly. Any cookies used by this site derive from WordPress, which is what this site uses.
How Is the Information Used?
Newsletter and blog subscribers’ names and emails will only be used for receiving the blog or newsletters from Rachel Ann Nunes, or for communication when you contact me personally.
Giveaway entrants will be sent emails only about the giveaway, unless they also signed up for the newsletter or blog.
I like to note which links from emails are visited most by my subscribers, so I can send more links that interest my readers! Cool, huh?
Sharing of Personal Information
Subscriber information is never shared with a third party. The only exception is that email addresses may occasionally be used to create a lookalike audience for online marketing. This in no way distributes the emails or signs subscribers up to any other services.
Third-party links and Affiliates
Sometimes Rachel will include third-party links through email or on the website. These sites have their own policies and you should read those before subscribing or purchasing from them.
This site uses affiliate tags in book links and Rachel will receive a small fee from those external sites if products are purchased there. These affiliate advertising programs are designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to their respective websites, and are often managed by third-party companies. For example, Kobo’s affiliate program is managed by Rakuten Marketing.
For more information about these companies and their collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please go to this page.
Security of Information
All information is saved by WordPress passwords and only Rachel and her website programmer can access. Rachel controls the data. In the unlikely event of a breach, subscribers will be notified within 7 days of discovering the breach.
Use of the Website by Minors
All subscribers must be 16 or older or have the consent of a parent or guardian. While Rachel also write picture books, this site does not market toward children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Rachel Ann Nunes may update this privacy policy at any time. A notice about such changes will post on the blog, which will also shows on the front page of the site. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By visiting and using RachelAnnNunes.com, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, you can simply not use the site. Continued use of the site means you accept the policy and any periodic changes.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything else on RachelAnnNunes.com, please email Rachel.
SIGN UP FOR EXCLUSIVE UPDATES
Join my newsletter and be the first to hear about new releases and other news. Plus, get a free ebook not free anywhere else!