https://rachelschallenge.org/privacy-policy
Book An Event
Tell Us Your Story
Donate
Blog
About Us
Programs
Event Prep
Rachel's Challenge Privacy Policy
Version 1.1, Effective January 4, 2016
Your Privacy Matters
This Rachel's Challenge Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") sets forth how personal information is collected and used that is provided on the Internet website located at rachelschallenge.org as operated and maintained by Rachel's Challenge ("Rachel's Challenge"). By using rachelschallenge.org you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as they may be amended from time to time in the future (see ""Changes to this Privacy Policy" below).
Introduction
As a not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) organization, Rachel's Challenge uses the data it collects from you to fulfill its mission of equipping students to start and sustain a chain reaction of kindness and compassion that transforms schools and communities. Rachel's Challenge is made available through its website, rachelschallenge.org (the "Site"), which is also accessible through the Internet using your mobile device. Rachel's Challenge is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any Personal Information (defined below) about our Site's visitors. This Privacy Policy explains how we protect Personal Information provided through our Site and how we use that information.
In this Privacy Policy we use the term "Personal Information" to describe information that can be associated with an individual and can be used to identify that individual. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it does not identify an individual.
The Privacy Policy applies when you:
Visit or utilize a website on which this Privacy Policy is posted;
Provide information to us through the Site;
Contact us; or
Otherwise interact with Rachel's Challenge, online or off-online.
Information We Collect
We collect information from you, including Personal Information, when you voluntarily provide information to us. Examples of instances when we collect Personal Information from you including when you choose to tell us your story, contact us, or otherwise provide feedback.
We collect the following Personal Information from you when you tell us your story:
Name;
Email address; and
City, state, and zip code of your address.
We also collect the following non-Personal Information from you when you tell us your story:
Whether you accept Rachel's Challenge;
Whether you have seen a Rachel's Challenge presentation;
Your story of Rachel's impact;
Whether you are a student, parent, principal, faculty member, or school employee;
Whether we may share your story with others;
If you agree to let us share you story with others, whether we may use your name, initials, or a fictitious ID to identify you;
What you plan to do to continue the chain reaction of kindness and compassion; and
Your preferences for being included on the Rachel's Challenge email list.
We collect the following Personal Information from you when you contact us through the "Contact Us" link on our Site:
Name;
Email address; and
State, and zip code of your address.
We also collect the following non-Personal Information from you when you contact us through the "Contact Us" link on our Site:
Name of your school or company;
Whether you are a student, parent, principal, faculty member, or school employee;
Your role;
How you heard about Rachel's Challenge;
Your preferences for being included on the Rachel's Challenge email list; and
Your message to us.
How We Use Your Information
Rachel's Challenge uses all of the information that you provide to us to enhance our relationship with you and improve the way Rachel's Challenge carries out its mission. You may choose not to provide such information to us, but if you choose not to provide such information, you will not be able to submit your story or contact us.
Rachel's Challenge may use your Personal Information to communicate with you about your story or any other feedback or questions you may submit. If you indicate you would like to be included on the Rachel's Challenge email list, we may periodically email you additional information or updates about Rachel's Challenge. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such emails from us, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in the emails.
How We Share Your Information
If you agree to let us share your story with others, we may share your information and/or story with your school for the following purposes:
If we determine, in our sole discretion, that danger is imminent to your or to others;
To provide feedback or recognition to your school; or
As we otherwise deem appropriate.
We will not sell, rent, or trade your Personal Information to any third parties, and will not otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties except as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others or respond to a government request.
Access and Choice
You may decline to provide Personal Information to Rachel's Challenge by declining to use the "Tell Us Your Story" and "Contact" features on the Site. Unless we receive a deletion request, we will retain your information for as long as is reasonably useful for operational purposes.
Cookies / Tracking Technologies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a Site visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies on the Site, including both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" directory. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site may be limited.
The use of cookies by our third-party service providers is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our third-party service providers may use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site.
We do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals at this time. We await the result of work by the policy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take.
Other Important Information
Advertising
We do not allow third-party advertising on our Site or Application.
Social Media and Links to Other Web Sites and Apps: "Third Parties"
This Privacy Policy applies only to Rachel's Challenge operated services and applications. This Site may contain links that access other web sites and apps that are not operated or controlled by Rachel's Challenge. The policies described herein do not apply to third-party websites or applications.
Children's Privacy
Rachel's Challenge is committed to children's privacy and takes great care to restrict any collection or disclosure of Personal Information from children less than 13 years of age (individually, a "Child User," and collectively, "Child Users").
Rachel's Challenge does not knowingly permit Child Users to submit Personal Information to us. If Rachel's Challenge learns that Personal Information of a Child User has been collected on our Site without parental consent, then Rachel's Challenge will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian ("Parent") and discover that your child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us without your consent, please alert Rachel's Challenge at info@rachelschallenge.org and request that we delete that child's Personal Information from our system.
Child Users cannot provide Personal Information to us themselves. If a User who attempts to provide Personal Information to us indicates he or she is under age 13, Rachel's Challenge will not allow the User to submit Personal Information to us. No information about Child Users is retained during such an attempt.
California Children's Privacy Rights
If you are under the age of 18, or the Parent of a User under the age of 18, residing in California, you are entitled to request deletion of information you have provided to us. If you would like to request deletion of your or your child's content or information, please email us at info@rachelschallenge.org for assistance. Please note that deleting of your information does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal, as there may be deidentified or recoverable elements of your information on our servers in some form. Additionally, we will not delete information that we may be required to retain under applicable federal and state laws.
International visitors
Our Site is operated and managed on servers located within the United States. If you choose to use our Site from other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that differ from U.S. law, then you acknowledge and agree that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States and that, by providing your Personal Information on the Site, you consent to that transfer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by electronic notice posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the date such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@rachelschallenge.org.
Home
About Us
Programs
Event Prep
Rachel's Video
Book An Event
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Store
Donate
Direct: 303-470-3000
Toll Free: 877-895-7060
Fax: 303-962-4977
×