https://rctlaw.com.au/legal-services/wills-and-probate-lawyers/why-choose-rct-for-wills-and-probate
sisea.search
Call 1300 366 441 for a free first interview. Ask about our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* fee policy.
Home
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Our FirmOur History
Start A Legal Enquiry
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
5 Must-ask Questions About Fees
Significant Cases And Milestones
In The Community
Video LibraryWorkers Compensation And WorkCover Claims
Road Injury And TAC Claims
Family And Relationship Law
Sexual And Physical Abuse Compensation
Superannution TPD Insurance
Client Outcomes
EbooksA VOCAT Guide for Medical Professionals
A WorkCover Guide for Medical Professionals
Pathways to Change
Pathways to Justice
Superannuation TPD Claims
Legal Blog
Legal ServicesWorkers Compensation And WorkCoverHow WorkCover Works
How to make a WorkCover claim
Lump Sum WorkCover Compensation
Common Law WorkCover Compensation
Bullying Or Harassment Over A WorkCover Claim
Casual And Labour Hire Workers
Road Injury And TACHow to make a TAC claim
Car And Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Cycling Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Public Transport Accidents
Road Accidents While Working
Injuries Covered By TAC Compensation
Sexual And Institutional AbuseXavier College Abuse Legal Action
The National Redress Scheme
Abuse Claims Against Religious Organisations
Abuse Claims Against Schools
State Ward And Private Placement Abuse Claims
Other Abuse Claims
Past Inquiries, Schemes And Royal Commissions
Useful Links
Family And Relationship LawyersSeparating From Your Partner Or Spouse
De Facto Relationships
Divorce
Family Law Property Division
Spousal Or De Facto Partner Maintenance
Advice On Binding Financial Agreements
Children’s Matters And Child Arrangements
Asset Protection
Family Law Court Proceedings
Family Violence
Intervention Orders
Employment LawUnfair Dismissal Applications
Discrimination & Harassment Claims
Employment Contracts
Underpayment Of Wages
Workplace Investigations
Workplace Redundancy
Post-employment Obligations
Industrial Law
Superannuation Disability InsuranceSuperannuation And TPD Claim Experts
TPD Insurance Eligibility Form
Other Types Of Insurance Claims
Wills & ProbatePower Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Why Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Digital Estate Planning
VOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
ComcareWhy Choose RCT For Comcare?
Comcare Benefits And Entitlements
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our OfficesArarat
Ballarat
Bayswater
Cobden
Colac
Cranbourne
Dandenong
Epping
Frankston
Geelong
Glenroy
Hamilton
Horsham
Melbourne
Melton
Narre Warren
Pakenham
Portland
Traralgon
Warrnambool
Werribee
Wonthaggi
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
HomeLegal ServicesWills & ProbateWhy Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Also under Wills & Probate
Wills & Probate Home
Power Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Digital Estate Planning
Why Choose RCT for Wills and Probate?
Our experienced Wills and Estates team have been practising in this area for decades. We have drafted innumerable Wills and assisted thousands of executors to administer the estates of loved ones.
We take care of all issues to do with Wills & Probate matters - the preparation of Wills and powers of attorney, the administration of deceased estates and obtaining Grants of Probate and Letters of Administration and claims over the division of deceased estates.
Starting a legal enquiry with us - first steps & fees
What happens at my first legal appointment?
An appointment will be made for you to see a member of our experienced Wills and Estates team.
You will have an opportunity to provide us with some information and we will prompt you with additional questions to ensure we have a clear understanding of your circumstances, including your financial position or the financial position of the deceased.
If you are seeing us about an Estate matter, you may be experiencing feelings of grief and sadness. It is common to feel daunted by the legal process and you may be facing financial stress. Your lawyer will explain the process and offer immediate sensitive and sound legal advice to help you act quickly to get things underway.
Fees and payment conditions
When you call to make an appointment, our experienced support staff will gather some basic details from you before providing a preliminary quote.
We have fostered close relationships with a number of unions so please let us know if you are a union member and we may be able to provide a discount for preparing your Will and Power of Attorney.
At the end of your first appointment with us, we will explain clearly how we charge fees and give you a more accurate estimate of the cost of your matter.
What to bring to your first appointment
Wills appointments
If you are making a Will, bring in the full names and addresses of those you wish to refer to in your Will. If you are over 75 years of age, you will also need to bring with you a Doctor’s letter of capacity, so that there can be no  doubt about the validity of your Will later on.
Estate matters
If you are seeking advice about an Estate matter, bring with you the Will (if you have it), any ideintification documents of the deceased and any documents confirming the assets, liabilities and superannuation of the Estate such as certificates of title, bank statements, car registration documents, and superannuation statements.
Can I bring a partner or friend?
Yes, absolutely - if that’s what will make you comfortable or help you through the process. However, if you are making a Will, it is important we talk to you alone if the Will is contentious or leaves out a family member who is not present so as to minimise any risk of the Will later being challenged.
Please note that you may be asked to share very personal information during your appointment with us. It is therefore important that, if you bring some with you, that person is someone who you trust with that information and to support you.
Home and Hospital visits
We often prepare Wills for older Australians who may be ill and cannot travel easily. In these circumstances, we can certainly make home or hospital visits  to you.
This service is also available after hours, although we do request some understanding in order to arrange a suitable time within which to make the appointment.
Travel fees and charges may apply. When you call to make an appointment, we can quickly advise you on how much these fees will be.
Confidentiality and privacy
Your information is personal and private and we respect that.
Our lawyers have ethical obligations to keep the information you disclose when obtaining legal advice confidential. This is called client legal privilege. This is a legal right belonging to you which ensures that you can obtain confidential advice about your circumstances. It allows for the proper administration of justice because it enables you to talk frankly and honestly with your lawyer about your legal concerns.
We also have a comprehensive privacy policy in place to ensure the proper collection, storage and use of your personal information. For further information about our commitment to your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
Respect, diversity and inclusiveness
Our society is diverse. A good law firm respects that diversity. We appreciate that everyone is different and that those differences can sometimes create barriers to justice which need to be overcome.
It is our approach to see and hear you on your terms, as a person.
It is important to us that you feel comfortable and understood. So no matter what age, cultural, ethnic, linguistic or religious background you have, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender expression, we strive to respect that difference.
Interpreter/translator service
It is important in legal matters to make sure your voice is heard. We need accurate instructions from you to prepare a Will or help you plan your Estate.
If English is not your preferred language, we can help you arrange an interpreter when you call to make an appointment. Just talk to one of our experienced and friendly legal support staff when you call.
Call 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you for advice on any Wills & Probate matter.
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Twitter
Share via Email
Print this page
Share this:
Related Content
New law gives people with disability a say in guardian decisions
The Guardian and Administration Act 2019 strengthens the rights of people with disabilities, recognising that they have the capacity to act independently.
What happens to my debts after I die?
How and when debts of an estate are repaid upon death can be complex as it largely depends upon the deceased’s individual asset and liability structure.
Note for Executors: Deceased estates will not wait for COVID-19
Estate Administrators and executors run the real risk of missing legal deadlines, and leaving an estate more vulnerable to challenge, as a result of COVID-19.
Powers of Attorney: Essential documents during the COVID-19 emergency
In this blog, I explain what types of changes you might need to make to various Powers of Attorney in order to best respond to the COVID-19 emergency.
Call 1300 366 441 to be connected to your nearest office, find an office near you on our office locations map, or email us using the form below and we will contact you on the same or next business day.
Name*
Email*
Phone
Home Suburb
Subject: Legal Enquiry
Please select type of enquiry
Legal Service Enquiry
Careers at RCT
Service feedback
Website feedback
Other
Leave a message...*
Confirm Email*
* Required Field
Legal Services
Workers Compensation And WorkCover
Road Injury And TAC
Sexual And Institutional Abuse
Family And Relationship Law
Employment Law
Industrial Law
Discrimination & Harassment
Superannuation Disability Insurance
Wills & Probate
Crimes Compensation - VOCAT
Comcare
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our Firm
Our Offices
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Fee Policy
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
Law Institute of Victoria Accredited Specialists in Personal Injury Law.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Legal Blog
RSS Feed
© Copyright 2020 Ryan Carlisle Thomas Lawyers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
RSS
|
Contact