https://rctlaw.com.au/legal-services/criminal-law-lawyers
sisea.search
Call 1300 366 441 for a free first interview. Ask about our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* fee policy.
Home
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Our FirmOur History
Start A Legal Enquiry
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
5 Must-ask Questions About Fees
Significant Cases And Milestones
In The Community
Video LibraryWorkers Compensation And WorkCover Claims
Road Injury And TAC Claims
Family And Relationship Law
Sexual And Physical Abuse Compensation
Superannution TPD Insurance
Client Outcomes
EbooksA VOCAT Guide for Medical Professionals
A WorkCover Guide for Medical Professionals
Pathways to Change
Pathways to Justice
Superannuation TPD Claims
Legal Blog
Legal ServicesWorkers Compensation And WorkCoverHow WorkCover Works
How to make a WorkCover claim
Lump Sum WorkCover Compensation
Common Law WorkCover Compensation
Bullying Or Harassment Over A WorkCover Claim
Casual And Labour Hire Workers
Road Injury And TACHow to make a TAC claim
Car And Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Cycling Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Public Transport Accidents
Road Accidents While Working
Injuries Covered By TAC Compensation
Sexual And Institutional AbuseXavier College Abuse Legal Action
The National Redress Scheme
Abuse Claims Against Religious Organisations
Abuse Claims Against Schools
State Ward And Private Placement Abuse Claims
Other Abuse Claims
Past Inquiries, Schemes And Royal Commissions
Useful Links
Family And Relationship LawyersSeparating From Your Partner Or Spouse
De Facto Relationships
Divorce
Family Law Property Division
Spousal Or De Facto Partner Maintenance
Advice On Binding Financial Agreements
Children’s Matters And Child Arrangements
Asset Protection
Family Law Court Proceedings
Family Violence
Intervention Orders
Employment LawUnfair Dismissal Applications
Discrimination & Harassment Claims
Employment Contracts
Underpayment Of Wages
Workplace Investigations
Workplace Redundancy
Post-employment Obligations
Industrial Law
Superannuation Disability InsuranceSuperannuation And TPD Claim Experts
TPD Insurance Eligibility Form
Other Types Of Insurance Claims
Wills & ProbatePower Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Why Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Digital Estate Planning
VOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
ComcareWhy Choose RCT For Comcare?
Comcare Benefits And Entitlements
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our OfficesArarat
Ballarat
Bayswater
Cobden
Colac
Cranbourne
Dandenong
Epping
Frankston
Geelong
Glenroy
Hamilton
Horsham
Melbourne
Melton
Narre Warren
Pakenham
Portland
Traralgon
Warrnambool
Werribee
Wonthaggi
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
HomeLegal ServicesCriminal Law
Criminal Law
Are you facing criminal charges?
If so, we have a top team of professionals to help and advise you.
Facing criminal charges can be an intimidating experience. It pays to have someone in your corner. Someone who not only knows the law but who also understands the importance of backing you. And of keeping you informed and up to date on any developments in your case.
We represent clients on many types of criminal charges. These include police and traffic matters, theft, and assault. And we act for clients facing drink driving charges.
Clients are represented in all courts, including the Magistrates and County Courts, for bail applications, pleas, committal hearings, trials and appeals.
We will fight for justice and to ensure that your individual rights are protected.
Confidentiality and privacy
Your information is personal and private and we respect that.
Our criminal lawyers have ethical obligations to keep the information you disclose when obtaining legal advice confidential. This is called client legal privilege. This is a legal right belonging to you which ensures that you can obtain confidential advice about your circumstances. It allows for the proper administration of justice because it enables you to talk frankly and honestly with your lawyer about your legal concerns.
We also have a thorough privacy policy in place to ensure the collection and proper use of your personal information. For further information about our commitment to your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
Respect, diversity and inclusiveness
Our society is diverse. A good law firm respects that diversity. We appreciate that everyone is different and that those differences can sometimes create barriers to justice which need to be overcome.
It is our approach to see and hear you on your terms, as a person.
It is important to us that you feel comfortable and understood. So no matter what age, cultural, ethnic, linguistic or religious background you have, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender expression, we strive to respect that difference
Interpreter/translator service
It is important that you understand exactly what is happening every step of the way. We are able to arrange an interpreter for you, should you need one.
Call 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you for assistance on criminal charges.
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Twitter
Share via Email
Print this page
Share this:
Related Content
Criminal charges may not land you a criminal record
For first time charges for minor offences such as a traffic violation, minor assault charges or property offences, a diversion order can be an option.
The 'Drive to Work' Licence: Dispelling the Myth
The law in Victoria is that you either have a driver's licence or you don't. There has never been a "drive to work" licence available in Victoria.
What Our Clients Say About Us
During an extremely stressful period, I have found my WorkCover lawyer to be incredibly supportive, understanding and professional. This gave me the reassurance and confidence I needed to get through it!
Traci, Melbourne
Call 1300 366 441 to be connected to your nearest office, find an office near you on our office locations map, or email us using the form below and we will contact you on the same or next business day.
Name*
Email*
Phone
Home Suburb
Subject: Legal Enquiry
Please select type of enquiry
Legal Service Enquiry
Careers at RCT
Service feedback
Website feedback
Other
Leave a message...*
Confirm Email*
* Required Field
Legal Services
Workers Compensation And WorkCover
Road Injury And TAC
Sexual And Institutional Abuse
Family And Relationship Law
Employment Law
Industrial Law
Discrimination & Harassment
Superannuation Disability Insurance
Wills & Probate
Crimes Compensation - VOCAT
Comcare
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our Firm
Our Offices
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Fee Policy
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
Law Institute of Victoria Accredited Specialists in Personal Injury Law.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Legal Blog
RSS Feed
© Copyright 2020 Ryan Carlisle Thomas Lawyers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
RSS
|
Contact