https://rctlaw.com.au/legal-services/small-business-advice-lawyers
sisea.search
Call 1300 366 441 for a free first interview. Ask about our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* fee policy.
Home
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Our FirmOur History
Start A Legal Enquiry
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
5 Must-ask Questions About Fees
Significant Cases And Milestones
In The Community
Video LibraryWorkers Compensation And WorkCover Claims
Road Injury And TAC Claims
Family And Relationship Law
Sexual And Physical Abuse Compensation
Superannution TPD Insurance
Client Outcomes
EbooksA VOCAT Guide for Medical Professionals
A WorkCover Guide for Medical Professionals
Pathways to Change
Pathways to Justice
Superannuation TPD Claims
Legal Blog
Legal ServicesWorkers Compensation And WorkCoverHow WorkCover Works
How to make a WorkCover claim
Lump Sum WorkCover Compensation
Common Law WorkCover Compensation
Bullying Or Harassment Over A WorkCover Claim
Casual And Labour Hire Workers
Road Injury And TACHow to make a TAC claim
Car And Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Cycling Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Public Transport Accidents
Road Accidents While Working
Injuries Covered By TAC Compensation
Sexual And Institutional AbuseXavier College Abuse Legal Action
The National Redress Scheme
Abuse Claims Against Religious Organisations
Abuse Claims Against Schools
State Ward And Private Placement Abuse Claims
Other Abuse Claims
Past Inquiries, Schemes And Royal Commissions
Useful Links
Family And Relationship LawyersSeparating From Your Partner Or Spouse
De Facto Relationships
Divorce
Family Law Property Division
Spousal Or De Facto Partner Maintenance
Advice On Binding Financial Agreements
Children’s Matters And Child Arrangements
Asset Protection
Family Law Court Proceedings
Family Violence
Intervention Orders
Employment LawUnfair Dismissal Applications
Discrimination & Harassment Claims
Employment Contracts
Underpayment Of Wages
Workplace Investigations
Workplace Redundancy
Post-employment Obligations
Industrial Law
Superannuation Disability InsuranceSuperannuation And TPD Claim Experts
TPD Insurance Eligibility Form
Other Types Of Insurance Claims
Wills & ProbatePower Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Why Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Digital Estate Planning
VOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
ComcareWhy Choose RCT For Comcare?
Comcare Benefits And Entitlements
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our OfficesArarat
Ballarat
Bayswater
Cobden
Colac
Cranbourne
Dandenong
Epping
Frankston
Geelong
Glenroy
Hamilton
Horsham
Melbourne
Melton
Narre Warren
Pakenham
Portland
Traralgon
Warrnambool
Werribee
Wonthaggi
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
HomeLegal ServicesSmall Business Advice
Small Business Advice
We understand the challenges of small business
It can be difficult making a go of a small business. Overheads, red tape and onerous operating expenses can all seem to conspire against you.
Equally, it can be enormously rewarding, both in a personal sense of growing something and working with your own team, and also from a financial perspective.
We've helped thousands of small operators over many years, appreciating the unique pressures they are under and how best to structure their business so that they can concentrate on the rewarding aspects of running their own business.
It helps to work with someone who understands.
What’s next? – first steps
Your first interview with us is free and with no strings attached. We will never follow up your appointment with a sales call. An appointment will be made for you to see one of our experienced lawyers.
Confidentiality and privacy
Your information is personal and private and we respect that.
Our lawyers have ethical obligations to keep the information you disclose when obtaining legal advice confidential. This is called client legal privilege. This is a legal right belonging to you which ensures that you can obtain confidential advice about your circumstances. It allows for the proper administration of justice because it enables you to talk frankly and honestly with your lawyer about your legal concerns.
We also have a thorough privacy policy in place to ensure the collection and proper use of your personal information. For further information about our commitment to your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
Small business and start-up advice
Our small business advisory services are designed to help you set up and operate your business so that it is well-structured and affords you the legal protection you need. You can then get on with the business of doing business.
In our experience as small business lawyers, we find that getting a contract or a lease correct at the start is critical in avoiding costly litigation and fighting breaches of contract in the future.
Company structures and shareholders
We can advise you on the best legal model for your needs. It may be a partnership, a family trust or a company structure. Each structure has its own benefits as well as responsibilities. Our business contract lawyers will advise you on the best fit for your needs.
Partnership Agreements
If you are one of several independent owners of the business, you may also benefit from a Shareholders or Partnership Agreement in which each owner's rights and obligations are made clear.
Leases and contracts
You may be eager to start a small business from scratch and be preparing to sign a lease. Is the lease a "Retail Lease"? If so, does the lease comply with the Retail Leases Act? How can you protect your interests? Leases are often long and full of legal jargon.
It makes sense to have an expert check and advise you on what is reasonable to agree to and what should be rejected. You should also be aware of the implications of terminating a lease should you need to do so.
Contracts are also important in many business transactions in which you agree to buy or sell your products or services, or indeed have them delivered. These contracts can be overly long and complex. If you're in business, you should obtain legal advice before you sign significant contracts.
Expanding your business
At some stage in the growth of your small business, you may wish to expand by purchasing another business. Or you may have reached the stage where you wish to sell.
In buying a business, you should be clear about issues to do with property or leases and matters relating to the valuation of the business itself, its stock and capital equipment.
Selling your business
If selling your business, how should you structure the sale and payments? What provisions should be included in any legal contract of sale to protect your financial interests? How should you go about valuing your business, its goodwill and its assets?
Our lawyers can assist you to answer these and any other questions that may arise.
Dispute resolution
Mediation and Court action
Mediation is generally the preferable way to resolve any dispute with a supplier or customer. What should you do if a debtor cannot or will not pay their bills? We are skilled at advising you on how best to reach a solution that protects your interests whilst also sparing you the additional expense of costly litigation.
There will times unfortunately when you may have to consider court action. We will offer you a clear account of what the likely outcome of litigation will be and what sorts of costs you may face for business legal advice in the event of having to go to court.
Call 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you for advice on a Small Business matter.
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Twitter
Share via Email
Print this page
Share this:
What Our Clients Say About Us
I would send any family member to RCT in a heartbeat. RCT care. They're honest, knowledgeable and will give you facts, not a sales pitch. The compassion and empathy I received blew me away.
Sandra, Alexandra
Call 1300 366 441 to be connected to your nearest office, find an office near you on our office locations map, or email us using the form below and we will contact you on the same or next business day.
Name*
Email*
Phone
Home Suburb
Subject: Legal Enquiry
Please select type of enquiry
Legal Service Enquiry
Careers at RCT
Service feedback
Website feedback
Other
Leave a message...*
Confirm Email*
* Required Field
Legal Services
Workers Compensation And WorkCover
Road Injury And TAC
Sexual And Institutional Abuse
Family And Relationship Law
Employment Law
Industrial Law
Discrimination & Harassment
Superannuation Disability Insurance
Wills & Probate
Crimes Compensation - VOCAT
Comcare
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our Firm
Our Offices
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Fee Policy
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
Law Institute of Victoria Accredited Specialists in Personal Injury Law.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Legal Blog
RSS Feed
© Copyright 2020 Ryan Carlisle Thomas Lawyers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
RSS
|
Contact