https://rctlaw.com.au/our-firm/start-a-legal-enquiry
sisea.search
Call 1300 366 441 for a free first interview. Ask about our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* fee policy.
Home
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Our FirmOur History
Start A Legal Enquiry
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
5 Must-ask Questions About Fees
Significant Cases And Milestones
In The Community
Video LibraryWorkers Compensation And WorkCover Claims
Road Injury And TAC Claims
Family And Relationship Law
Sexual And Physical Abuse Compensation
Superannution TPD Insurance
Client Outcomes
EbooksA VOCAT Guide for Medical Professionals
A WorkCover Guide for Medical Professionals
Pathways to Change
Pathways to Justice
Superannuation TPD Claims
Legal Blog
Legal ServicesWorkers Compensation And WorkCoverHow WorkCover Works
How to make a WorkCover claim
Lump Sum WorkCover Compensation
Common Law WorkCover Compensation
Bullying Or Harassment Over A WorkCover Claim
Casual And Labour Hire Workers
Road Injury And TACHow to make a TAC claim
Car And Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Cycling Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Public Transport Accidents
Road Accidents While Working
Injuries Covered By TAC Compensation
Sexual And Institutional AbuseXavier College Abuse Legal Action
The National Redress Scheme
Abuse Claims Against Religious Organisations
Abuse Claims Against Schools
State Ward And Private Placement Abuse Claims
Other Abuse Claims
Past Inquiries, Schemes And Royal Commissions
Useful Links
Family And Relationship LawyersSeparating From Your Partner Or Spouse
De Facto Relationships
Divorce
Family Law Property Division
Spousal Or De Facto Partner Maintenance
Advice On Binding Financial Agreements
Children’s Matters And Child Arrangements
Asset Protection
Family Law Court Proceedings
Family Violence
Intervention Orders
Employment LawUnfair Dismissal Applications
Discrimination & Harassment Claims
Employment Contracts
Underpayment Of Wages
Workplace Investigations
Workplace Redundancy
Post-employment Obligations
Industrial Law
Superannuation Disability InsuranceSuperannuation And TPD Claim Experts
TPD Insurance Eligibility Form
Other Types Of Insurance Claims
Wills & ProbatePower Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Why Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Digital Estate Planning
VOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
ComcareWhy Choose RCT For Comcare?
Comcare Benefits And Entitlements
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our OfficesArarat
Ballarat
Bayswater
Cobden
Colac
Cranbourne
Dandenong
Epping
Frankston
Geelong
Glenroy
Hamilton
Horsham
Melbourne
Melton
Narre Warren
Pakenham
Portland
Traralgon
Warrnambool
Werribee
Wonthaggi
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
HomeOur FirmStart A Legal Enquiry
Start a legal enquiry
First steps
Once you call or email us, we guarantee you an appointment within two working days, or whenever after that best suits you.
Your first interview is free, with no strings attached. We will never follow up your appointment with a sales call.
What happens at my first legal appointment?
An appointment will be made for you to talk with one of our expert legal staff.
We will ask you for details about your matter, be it about an injury and compensation, family and relationship law, or something else. For injury and accident matters, we will ask you how it occurred, establish dates and times, and any medical treatment you may have received.
Your first interview is free. It is your time to tell your story. We encourage you to take your time, and we will prompt you with additional questions to ensure we have a clear understanding of your circumstances, including your financial position.
It is our experience that most people are under significant psychological and sometimes financial stress by the time they see a lawyer. It is important we understand this so that we can offer immediate advice that will help reassure you.
Should your matter go further, our lawyer will then explain clearly how we charge fees.
What to bring to your first appointment
Visiting a lawyer can be daunting. We promise to make the process as comfortable for you as possible. Our lawyers come from all walks of life. We are friendly, down to earth and compassionate. We are here to help you.
You can help us by bringing along any paperwork, photos, letters or emails you have in relation to your legal matter, even if you are unsure whether they will be useful or not.
Please consult the relevant legal practice area on our website for further details.
Can I bring a partner or a friend?
Yes, absolutely. If that’s what will make you comfortable or help you through the process.
Our office locations
With 22 office locations throughout Victoria, you can choose to come in and see us at an office location close to your home.
Home and hospital visits
Where personal circumstances prevent you from attending one of our offices, we can arrange to have one of our lawyers visit you, either at your home or even in a hospital, should you wish.
This service is also available after hours, although we do request some understanding in order to arrange a suitable time within which to make the appointment.
Supporting you - listening and keeping you informed
It is an essential part of our recruitment and training to select professionals who not only excel at law but also have good interpersonal skills and know how to listen. It’s important that you be encouraged to tell your story to us so that we can more powerfully represent you when you are up against government agencies like WorkCover and their lawyers, and in court should your matter proceed that far.
We pledge to listen carefully, then help your voice be heard.
We will keep you regularly informed about your case, and invite you to call or contact your lawyer at any stage along the claims process.
Fees, payment conditions and fee agreements
Costs are a common worry for clients. You need advice, but often your life is in a state of upheaval and money may not be easy to come by. Encouragingly, your first appointment with us is free. After that, we will give you an accurate estimate on what continuing to work with us will cost you.
You can talk to us about payment options including deferred payments or payment by instalments during your appointment.
For WorkCover, TAC and other injury and abuse compensation matters, we offer you our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* policy.
Why our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* policy provides the best financial protection
We offer the best and most comprehensive legal fees policy in Victoria which covers you for expenses even in the unlikely case that your case does not succeed.
Under our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* policy on fees and out of pocket expenses, we will waive our fees if you don’t win a case that we have agreed to fund and pick up the tab on your out of pocket expenses.
Out of pocket expenses here are counted as medical report fees, court fees and many other expenses that other firms would typically require you to pay in the event the case was lost.
If we don't think you have a reasonable chance of winning a lump sum, we'll advise you not to proceed.
We will always provide you with a complete written explanation of all of our fees, for your agreement, before we act on your behalf.
And we will never exert any pressure on you to sign. In fact, if you are unsure, we encourage you to compare our fees to those of our competitors.
You will never be charged a percentage of your final settlement in fees. In fact, this is illegal. Our fees are calculated on the basis of time spent on your case or on a scale as regulated by the Courts.
What are the 5 must-ask questions about fees?
Our experience as injury compensation lawyers
Our work and road accident and injury lawyers are leaders within their fields, boasting a proud track record of winning large compensation payouts for more than 70,000 accident and injury clients since our foundation more than 45 years ago.
Accredited Personal Injury Law Specialist - a leader in our field
Many of our people are recognised by the Law Institute of Victoria as accredited personal injury law specialists. This is the highest professional level of recognition and accreditation within the legal profession and marks us a leader in our field. Accredited specialists have a minimum of five years in full time practice, over three years' experience in their area of specialty and have demonstrated a high degree of professional development.
Confidentiality and privacy
Your information is personal and private and we respect that.
Our lawyers have ethical obligations to keep the information you disclose confidential. This is called client legal privilege. It is your legal right and ensures that you can obtain confidential advice about your particular circumstances. It also allows for the proper administration of justice because it enables you to talk frankly and honestly with your lawyer about your legal concerns.
We also have a thorough privacy policy in place to ensure the collection and proper use of your personal information. For further information about our commitment to your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
Respect, diversity and inclusiveness
Our society is diverse. A good law firm respects that diversity. We appreciate that everyone is different and that those differences can sometimes create barriers to justice which need to be overcome.
It is our approach to see and hear you on your terms, as a person.
It is important to us that you feel comfortable and understood. So no matter what age, cultural, ethnic, linguistic or religious background you have, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender expression, we strive to respect that difference.
Interpreter/translation service
Your language should not be a barrier to you getting legal advice. If your preference is a language other than English, let us know and we will arrange for a suitable interpreter to attend your appointment with you.
Call 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you to arrange a free, no-obligation initial interview on any legal matter handled by our practice.
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Twitter
Share via Email
Print this page
Share this:
Related Content
RCT Law again recommended by Doyle's Guide
Ryan Carlisle Thomas is delighted to again be recognised in the prestigious 2020 edition of Doyle's Guide to law firms.
We're in this together - COVID-19 response from RCT Law
Our doors might be closed, but RCT Law is very much open for business; to stand by you and guide you in this time of great uncertainty.
RCT and Stringer Clark back Uplift Project to support women in developing countries
Ryan Carlisle Thomas and Stringer Clark are proud to support the Uplift Project to donate pre-loved bras to women in developing Pacific countries.
Gender balance among legal partners a legal first
RCT welcomes three new partners, two of whom are women, and become the first plaintiff law firm to strike an even gender balance at partnership level.
Call 1300 366 441 to be connected to your nearest office, find an office near you on our office locations map, or email us using the form below and we will contact you on the same or next business day.
Name*
Email*
Phone
Home Suburb
Subject: Legal Enquiry
Please select type of enquiry
Legal Service Enquiry
Careers at RCT
Service feedback
Website feedback
Other
Leave a message...*
Confirm Email*
* Required Field
Legal Services
Workers Compensation And WorkCover
Road Injury And TAC
Sexual And Institutional Abuse
Family And Relationship Law
Employment Law
Industrial Law
Discrimination & Harassment
Superannuation Disability Insurance
Wills & Probate
Crimes Compensation - VOCAT
Comcare
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our Firm
Our Offices
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Fee Policy
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
Law Institute of Victoria Accredited Specialists in Personal Injury Law.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Legal Blog
RSS Feed
© Copyright 2020 Ryan Carlisle Thomas Lawyers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
RSS
|
Contact