https://rctlaw.com.au/legal-services/vocat-crimes-compensation-lawyers/making-a-vocat-claim
sisea.search
Call 1300 366 441 for a free first interview. Ask about our No Win No Fee OR Expenses* fee policy.
Home
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Our FirmOur History
Start A Legal Enquiry
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
5 Must-ask Questions About Fees
Significant Cases And Milestones
In The Community
Video LibraryWorkers Compensation And WorkCover Claims
Road Injury And TAC Claims
Family And Relationship Law
Sexual And Physical Abuse Compensation
Superannution TPD Insurance
Client Outcomes
EbooksA VOCAT Guide for Medical Professionals
A WorkCover Guide for Medical Professionals
Pathways to Change
Pathways to Justice
Superannuation TPD Claims
Legal Blog
Legal ServicesWorkers Compensation And WorkCoverHow WorkCover Works
How to make a WorkCover claim
Lump Sum WorkCover Compensation
Common Law WorkCover Compensation
Bullying Or Harassment Over A WorkCover Claim
Casual And Labour Hire Workers
Road Injury And TACHow to make a TAC claim
Car And Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Cycling Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Public Transport Accidents
Road Accidents While Working
Injuries Covered By TAC Compensation
Sexual And Institutional AbuseXavier College Abuse Legal Action
The National Redress Scheme
Abuse Claims Against Religious Organisations
Abuse Claims Against Schools
State Ward And Private Placement Abuse Claims
Other Abuse Claims
Past Inquiries, Schemes And Royal Commissions
Useful Links
Family And Relationship LawyersSeparating From Your Partner Or Spouse
De Facto Relationships
Divorce
Family Law Property Division
Spousal Or De Facto Partner Maintenance
Advice On Binding Financial Agreements
Children’s Matters And Child Arrangements
Asset Protection
Family Law Court Proceedings
Family Violence
Intervention Orders
Employment LawUnfair Dismissal Applications
Discrimination & Harassment Claims
Employment Contracts
Underpayment Of Wages
Workplace Investigations
Workplace Redundancy
Post-employment Obligations
Industrial Law
Superannuation Disability InsuranceSuperannuation And TPD Claim Experts
TPD Insurance Eligibility Form
Other Types Of Insurance Claims
Wills & ProbatePower Of Attorney
Probate And Estate Administration
Challenging A Will
Why Choose RCT For Wills And Probate?
Digital Estate Planning
VOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
ComcareWhy Choose RCT For Comcare?
Comcare Benefits And Entitlements
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our OfficesArarat
Ballarat
Bayswater
Cobden
Colac
Cranbourne
Dandenong
Epping
Frankston
Geelong
Glenroy
Hamilton
Horsham
Melbourne
Melton
Narre Warren
Pakenham
Portland
Traralgon
Warrnambool
Werribee
Wonthaggi
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
HomeLegal ServicesVOCAT – Crimes CompensationMaking A VOCAT Claim
Also under VOCAT – Crimes Compensation
VOCAT – Crimes Compensation Home
Begin A VOCAT Claim Online
Making a VOCAT Claim
How do I make a claim?
Report the incident. Make a formal report to the police and keep a copy of the statement.
Seek appropriate treatment. Let your doctor and/or counsellor know how the injury occurred.
Keep records. Record all time off work and keep treatment and medical receipts.
Seek legal advice
The Tribunal covers legal fees and medical and police report costs.
For advice on your entitlements and assistance in making a claim, call us on 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you.
Before you make a claim
The crimes compensation scheme requires victims to claim entitlements to compensation from other sources before finalising any VOCAT Application. If the criminal act occurred at work or as a result of driving of a motor vehicle, you may have other entitlements under the WorkCover or Transport Accident (TAC) scheme or from an insurance company. You can still claim some things through VOCAT but WorkCover or the TAC must be pursued.
Can variations be applied for?
Once an application finalises you have six years (or in the case of a child until they are 24 years of age) to apply for a variation for any further expenses incurred or likely to be incurred as a result of the act of violence.
It's extremely easy to make an application for assistance through RCT. You can start the process by lodging a query using the form below, or call us directly on 1300 366 441 and ask to speak with one of our compensation lawyers. We can help determine if you are eligible for a claim.
Once you have completed and submitted our online questionnaire, we will contact you to discuss your claim further.
This service is completely free of charge.
Once we agree to take your case, our fee is paid by the victims of crime assistance tribunal directly. There is no cost to you.
Start your VOCAT claim online
What happens at my first legal appointment?
Your first interview is free. It is your time to tell your story. We encourage you to take your time, and we will prompt you with additional questions to ensure we have a clear understanding of your circumstances, including your financial position.
It is our experience that most people are under significant psychological and sometimes financial stress by the time they see a lawyer. It is important we understand this so that we can offer immediate advice that might help stabilise your position.
What to bring to your first appointment
You will not need to bring anything, but it is helpful if you have available details of the person at Victoria Police who is dealing with the matter.
It is also helpful if a client can bring a police statement, but it's not essential.
Can I bring a partner or a friend?
Yes, absolutely. If that’s what will make you comfortable or help you through the process.
Our office locations
With 22 office locations (hyper link) throughout Victoria, you can choose to come in and see us at an office location close to your home.
Supporting you - listening and keeping you informed
We pledge to listen carefully, then help your voice be heard.
We will keep you regularly informed about your case, and invite you to call or contact your lawyer at any stage along the claims process.
Confidentiality and privacy
Your information is personal and private and we respect that.
Our lawyers have ethical obligations to keep the information you disclose when obtaining legal advice confidential. This is called client legal privilege. This is a legal right belonging to you which ensures that you can obtain confidential advice about your circumstances. It allows for the proper administration of justice because it enables you to talk frankly and honestly with your lawyer about your legal concerns.
We also have a thorough privacy policy in place to ensure the collection and proper use of your personal information. For further information about our commitment to your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
Respect, diversity and inclusiveness
Our society is diverse. A good law firm respects that diversity. We appreciate that everyone is different and that those differences can sometimes create barriers to justice which need to be overcome.
It is our approach to see and hear you on your terms, as a person.
It is important to us that you feel comfortable and understood. So no matter what age, cultural, ethnic, linguistic or religious background you have, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender expression, we strive to respect that difference.
Interpreter/translation service
The language you speak shouldn’t prevent you from getting legal advice. Let us know and we can arrange an interpreter for you.
Click here to provide details to assist in preparation of a claim for Victims of Crime compensation. Once you have completed and submitted our online questionnaire, we will contact you within one business day to discuss your claim further.
Call 1300 366 441 or find us at an office near you for advice on Victims of Crime compensation.
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Twitter
Share via Email
Print this page
Share this:
Related Content
Victims of crime assistance continues despite COVID crisis
If you are a victim of a crime you need to know that you can make an application for assistance, despite the restrictions imposed to combat COVID-19.
You can vary an application for Victims of Crime assistance if there are complications
What happens if a victim of a violent crime makes an application for assistance under the Victims of Crime Act but then the impact on them of the crime changes?
Sex abuse perpetrators should be struck from Victims of Crime process
Survivors of sex abuse have already been traumatised so why should their perpetrator be involved with a victims application for assistance?
Victims of a crime may be entitled to extra payments
Victims of crime can apply for a payment under VOCAT but a Sentencing Act Application may also be lodged against the perpetrator for financial compensation.
Call 1300 366 441 to be connected to your nearest office, find an office near you on our office locations map, or email us using the form below and we will contact you on the same or next business day.
Name*
Email*
Phone
Home Suburb
Subject: Legal Enquiry
Please select type of enquiry
Legal Service Enquiry
Careers at RCT
Service feedback
Website feedback
Other
Leave a message...*
Confirm Email*
* Required Field
Legal Services
Workers Compensation And WorkCover
Road Injury And TAC
Sexual And Institutional Abuse
Family And Relationship Law
Employment Law
Industrial Law
Discrimination & Harassment
Superannuation Disability Insurance
Wills & Probate
Crimes Compensation - VOCAT
Comcare
Property And Conveyancing
Injury In Public Places
Asbestos Exposure
Criminal Law
Small Business Advice
Our Firm
Our Offices
Our People
Contact Us
No Win No Fee OR Expenses
Fee Policy
Careers
Videos
eBooks
Legal Blogs
Law Institute of Victoria Accredited Specialists in Personal Injury Law.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Legal Blog
RSS Feed
© Copyright 2020 Ryan Carlisle Thomas Lawyers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
RSS
|
Contact