https://refugees.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants (USCRI) values your support and is committed to protecting your online privacy. You can visit our website without revealing any personal information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. USCRI reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting.
Collection of general information
Our web servers automatically collect some non-identifying, basic information from your visit to www.refugees.org to help measure website activities and to improve our site. This information includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser types, the pages requested, and referring websites. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. The IP address tells us which domain name you visited from (for example, google.com), but not your email address or other private and personal information. We use the information we record to administer the site more effectively, analyze trends, track users’ movement on our site, and gather broad demographic information about what countries and domains our visitors hail from in order for us to improve the site and deliver customized personal content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of cookies
Like many other websites, the USCRI website also deposits certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer. Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, and to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly. Cookies help us to distinguish repeat visitors from first-time visitors and give us helpful information about how our pages are viewed. This technology does not collect personally identifiable information.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
We want to be clear: We will not obtain personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information.
Volunteering personal data
You may voluntarily submit your email address or other personally identifiable data to take part in an activity on the site, such as to sign up for a newsletter, donation, advocacy. In this case, we will use your data to send you the requested information. With your approval, we may also send you occasional messages about other USCRI programs and information sources and/or recognize you for donating to help uprooted people. You can unsubscribe from a USCRI mailing list at any time by responding to the instructions provided at the bottom of each message. If you want to donate anonymously, you can let USCRI know by sending an email to donations@uscridc.org
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
USCRI’s email lists are never shared with third parties without your permission, unless we are required to share them by law.
USCRI will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
USCRI will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation.
USCRI will not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
Email This Page/Tell-A-Friend
USCRI does not collect or store any email addresses that you refer to our website or that you send an email to from our website.
Security information
If you choose to make a donation to USCRI on www.refugees.org, you will be asked to submit financial and contact information to allow us to collect your payment and provide you with a receipt. All information provided to USCRI is transmitted through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption.If you want to review or correct your personally identifiable data please contact USCRI at donations@uscridc.org
Comments and questions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact webmaster@uscridc.org.