http://registrar.osu.edu/policies/releaseinfo.asp
Ohio State nav bar
Skip to main content
The Ohio State University
Help
Buckeye Link
Map
Find People
Webmail
Search Ohio State
University Registrar
Students
Current
Future
Alumni / Former
Disability Services
Veterans Affairs
Faculty
Buckeye Link, Faculty
Class Rosters
Curriculum
Faculty Center Introduction
Faculty Center F.A.Q.
Forms
Help Documents for SIS Student Records
Post Final Grades
Student Evaluation of Instruction
Staff
Buckeye Link, Staff
Commencement
Curriculum
Degree Audit
Final Exams Schedule
Forms
Help Documents for Degree Audits
Help Documents for SIS Student Records
Training
Alumni
Degree Verifications
Enrollment Verifications
Replacement Diplomas
Transcript Ordering
Policies
Appellate Review Process
Buckeye's Guide to Academic Policies
Fees Explanation
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
FERPA - Authorization to Release Information Form: Current Students / Incoming Students
FERPA - Authorization to Release Information Form: Alumni / Former Students
HECC
Hold Information and Clearance Procedures
Military Call to Active Duty
Multi-Campus Students
Priority Scheduling Explanation
Repeatability Rules
Release of Student Information
Separation of Retroactive Academic and Financial Decisions
Waitlist at Ohio State
General Information
Departments
Code of Ethics
Commencement Bulletins - Prior Years
Maps and Directions
Mission and Goals
Organizational Chart
Registrar's Message
Staff Directory
Working Calendar
Release of Student Information
Academic Certificates
Agreements & Partnerships
Attendance & Participation Rosters
Buckeye Link
Calendar (Academic)
Classroom Scheduling
Course & Class Information
Degree Audits
Degree Verifications
Enrollment Verifications
Exam Scoring
Final Exams Schedule
Forms (staff only)
Graduation Application
Ohio Residency for Tuition
Pathway Agreements
Preferred Name
Prior Learning Assessment
Registration
Student Data
Student Evaluation of Instruction
Syllabus Search for Students
Syllabus Upload for Faculty
Transcript Ordering
Transfer Credit
Testing
Tuition and Fees
Waitlist at Ohio State
Privacy and Release of Student Record Information
The Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as amended (otherwise known as FERPA), sets
forth requirements regarding the privacy of student records. FERPA
governs release of records maintained by an educational institution and access
to those records. This page explains the rights of students with respect
to their educational records, and outlines the University's procedures to
comply with the FERPA.
Copies of the Act and any
University policies related to the Act are available online through the
University Registrar’s website at; http://registrar.osu.edu/policies/privacy_release_student_records.pdf and from Buckeye Link (formerly the Buckeye Link) or
College Offices. Questions concerning FERPA should be referred to the University Registrar, your college/extended campus office, or the office that
maintains the student record in question.
Release of Student Record
Information is generally not done by The Ohio State University without the
expressed, written consent of the student. There are some exceptions regarding
Directory Information, emergency situation, subpoenas (lawfully issued), parent
requests of a dependent student and an educational “need to know” (to appropriate
faculty or staff of Ohio State).
The Ohio State University has designated the following information about students as public (directory) information, which may be released without the student’s consent: name, permanent address (does not include home/local, physical, or dorm address), official university email address, home telephone (does not include dorm or cell phone), program of study (including college of enrollment, major, and campus), enrollment status (e.g., full-time, part-time, withdrawn), dates of attendance, names of honors awarded (e.g., Latin honors, dean’s list, scholarships-with the amount excluded), previous educational agencies or institutions attended, participation in officially recognized activities and sports, and weight and height of members of intercollegiate athletic teams.
Due to the University Registrar's contract with the National Student Clearinghouse, verification of enrollment and degree completion must be requested and verified through the National Student Clearinghouse.
Students have the right
to withhold the release of Directory Information, visible on “Find People”.
To do so, a student must designate “I wish to withhold the release of my
Directory Information” in his or her Buckeye Link. It should be noted
that if a student asks for Directory Information to be withheld, it will be
withheld from a variety of sources, including: the student, friends, relatives,
prospective employers, honor societies, and the news media. Each student is
advised to carefully consider the consequences of a decision to withhold
Directory Information. Information regarding e-mail address, previous dates of
attendance, degrees and awards received (to include honors, majors, minors and
specializations), previous educational agencies or institutions attended is
always considered releasable.
For more details please
review our Privacy and
Release of Student Education Records. The Release of Information Authorization forms are available at
the Buckeye Link, 1st Floor Student Academic Services Building, 281
W. Lane Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210.
Students desiring to
withhold release of Directory Information will be asked to acknowledge
agreement with the following statement of understanding regarding the
implications of a "no release" shown in the screen shot below:
The right to review
records is effective once a student is enrolled. They have the right to review
their educational records, except for those excluded by law, such as: Records
kept by a campus health professional, parent financial records and confidential
letters of reference.
Educational records are
not maintained at The Ohio State University in any one central office, but are
kept in the respective colleges and schools, the Graduate School, graduate
departments, extended campus offices, the Office of the University Registrar,
the Office of Student Financial Aid, the Office of Admissions, Office of
Student Affairs, etc. For a complete list of offices which maintain education
records, please contact your college/extended campus office or the Office of
the University Registrar.
Questions regarding the
review of individual student records should be directed to the specific
location and custodian of the records for that unit. If a student encounters
any difficulty in reviewing the appropriate educational record, the questions
should be referred to the University Registrar’s office or to the Student
Advocacy Center.
A student may challenge the content or the right to review a student record by notifying the University Registrar in writing. The University Registrar will promptly review any such allegations.
The Ohio State University
© , University Registrar | This page is maintained by:
Webmaster
5th Floor Student Academic Services Building | 281 W Lane Ave | Columbus, Ohio 43210
Phone: Students, call (614) 292-0300 to reach Buckeye Link | Faculty and Staff, call (614) 292-9330