https://remoteworksource.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Career Help
Telecommuting Articles
Career Resources
Career Specific Resources
Career Outlook Information
Educational Resources
Recommended Reading
Job Seekers
Log In
Sign Up
Employers
Log In
Sign Up
Remote Work Myths & Facts
Recruiting Resources
Create a Remote Workforce
About
Who we are
RemoteWork Source Press
FAQ About RemoteWork Source
Premium Member Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for RemoteWork Source
RemoteWork Source  has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: RemoteWork Source.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. RemoteWork Source  is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Children’s Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child’s request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent’s permission before sharing personal information online.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:  admin@remoteworksource.com  You may also use our Contact Form.
This Privacy Policy was last reviewed on: May 8, 2016
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Contribute an Article
Site Map
©
2020 RemoteWork Source. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes.
Social media & sharing icons
powered by UltimatelySocial
Password Reset
Please enter your e-mail address. You will receive a new password via e-mail.
Email: