https://renew.org.au/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Renew collects personal information that is needed to deliver services to its members, and to achieve its purpose. This personal information can include contact details, opinions (whether true or not), or other information relating to a person that is relevant to:
Collection of Information
Any information Renew collects will be at the level that is reasonable for that purpose. Personal information will be collected from the person in most cases. In cases where personal information is collected from someone else (such as a gift subscription), the person will be informed that we have collected information.
Access to Information
Access to information is restricted. Renew staff and volunteers with a need to access this information to do their jobs sign an agreement where they commit to keeping this information confidential and to following the privacy policy.
In order to keep this information secure:
Renew databases are password protected and users have granular access
Files with contact information are stored out of public areas
Renew branch convenors have access to contact details for local members and Renew subscribers. The convenors have all signed an agreement to use this information for Renew purposes only and to keep it strictly confidential.
Sharing of Personal Information
Renew does not pass on personal information to third parties unless it has received consent from the person.
Renew will not share or sell donor or member information with anyone else, nor send mailings on behalf of other organisations.
Renew may forward a third party’s details to a person on its database, so that they can then get in touch with that third party at their own discretion. NB: This is related to individual communication requests, not marketing activities.
Use of Personal Information
Renew may use personal information to:
Let members know about upcoming events or activities
Ask people if they want to take part in Renew activities or contribute to forums
Forward information to you that may be of interest
Run fundraising campaigns in order to achieve Renew’s goals and objectives
Maintain, seek renewals or process orders or memberships
Seek information related to member or stakeholder feedback of Renew
Financial data collected for the purpose of membership, donations and other transactions are made anonymous through a tokenisation process. If details are kept for ongoing or recurring transactions, these are stored with PCI-compliant third parties.
GDPR Compliance
Renew extends General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) rules to all EU citizens. Unsubscribing from communications or managing your preferences can be managed within any email received from Renew, and you can contact us for requests to erase data.
Website Advertising
Renew allows paid advertising to appear on our websites from third parties who have entered into a commercial agreement with Renew. All such advertising is vetted by Renew before being allowed to appear on its websites. Specifically, Renew does not allow advertising from Google’s AdSense (or any other third-party) advertising network to be displayed.
Renew uses Google’s Ad Manager service to store and serve only advertising we have previously vetted and allowed. In serving these advertisements to you on behalf of Renew, Google may store and use cookies on the device you are using to access the website, and may use this and other information from the device such as: the browser being used, the unique Internet Protocol (IP) address used by the device to connect to the internet, and the operating system of the device.
You may configure your browser to refuse the use of cookies and content served by Google’s DoubleClick service; however please note that by doing so the full functionality of this website may not be available.
Questions
If you want to talk to someone at Renew about our privacy policy or would like to review your personal information, please contact us.
Call: +61 3 9639 1500
|
Email: Contact Us
Share
About us
2020 AGM Notice
What we do
Resources
News
Contact
Login
Join Renew
Shop
Privacy Policy
Copyright & Disclaimer
Our magazines
View
View