https://rescuevocations.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Labouré Society (“Labouré) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate Labouré’s firm commitment to the privacy of our website users and their personal information. This policy explains what types of information is collected by Labouré’s website, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected:
Labouré donors who use our website to submit donations to Labouré voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name, residential address and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
How We Use Your Information:
We use your personal information to send you direct mail, email updates/progress reports, and we include your information in our donor database. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We also use that information to access available public information about our donors. In addition, we use your information to track visitors to our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our mission.
Email Privacy:
Labouré does not provide, sell, or rent personal information to anyone outside our organization.
Modifications:
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Success Story: Sister Martha Victoria
Crowned with the Love of Christ’s Passion
Bury Doubt and Rise in the Truth
What Was Lost Now is Found
Flee to Adore Him
Recent CommentsSuzanne Adams on Success Story: Sister Martha VictoriaGeorge Paul Alexa on Social Distancing Tips From a Nun!A WordPress Commenter on 5 Helpful Tips for Making A Good Discernment Archives
October 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
July 2019
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
March 2018
Categories
reflection
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
X