https://returntofreedom.org/misc/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect generally?
Return to Freedom, Wild Horse Conservation does not collect any information from our website visitors that is not expressly supplied. Our online membership forms, mailing and email list sign up forms, and other documents asks for your name, address, and other personal information. However, this information is only collected if you choose to complete these forms, and offer your personal information.
What information do we collect or use from donors?
Return to Freedom does not sell or share any donor information of any nature (e.g., email address, physical address, phone number, etc.).
This policy applies to all donor information, regardless of whether the donation is made, or the information is obtained, on-line or through any other electronic or non-electronic means.
We may from time to time send electronic or physical mailings to our donors and, for this purpose, your contact information may be shared with third parties who compile and distribute our mailings, but only and expressly for the purpose of distributing those donor mailings.
Each of these mailings will contain information on how to “opt out” of future donor mailings. You can also contact us at any time to ask us to be removed from our donor mailing list at (805) 737-9246; or by email at contact@returntofreedom.org or by physical mail at Return to Freedom, PO Box 926, Lompoc, CA 93438.
What information do parties other than Return to Freedom collect?
Third parties do not collect information via our website. The contact information that you choose to provide when signing up for our mail list or email list will only be shared with third parties who compile and distribute our mailings, and only expressly for the purpose of distributing those mailings. If you choose to sign up for our direct mail list, you will receive periodic mailings from us. Each of these mailings will contain information on how to “opt out” of future mailings. You can also contact us at any time to ask us to remove your name from our mailing list at (805) 737-9246; or by email contact@returntofreedom.org or by physical mail at Return to Freedom, PO Box 926, Lompoc, CA 93438.
What are “cookies” and how do we use them?
Some websites use “Cookies” to track and record your preferences and activity on their website. Each time you access those sites, their server may deliver certain customized information to you based on the data stored in your cookie. This can be used for targeted advertising purposes. At Return to Freedom, WE DO NOT USE COOKIES, and do not record any of your preferences or activity on our website. We only collect information that you expressly provide to us via our online forms, or forms that you mail, fax or email to us.
What do we do with the information that you voluntarily supply (such as your address/email)?
If you supply us with your personal contact information you may receive periodic mailings or emails from us with information on our organization, issues that we are working on, upcoming events, fundraising appeals, or other educational and informational purposes. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us or calling us, at the phone or addresses provided above, and ask to be removed from our mailing list. Contact information will only be shared with third parties who compile and distribute our mailings, but only expressly for the purpose of distributing those mailings.
Parental Consent for Minors
Return to Freedom is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Children under the age of 13 must obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian before submitting any personal information to Return to Freedom.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change our Privacy Policy. We will post those changes on this page so that our guests will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we share the information with others. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically.