http://rglegal.com/privacy-policy/
No menu assigned!
PRIVACY POLICY
We are a law firm and are subject to strict confidentiality rules and regulations of the State Bar of Georgia. Subject to our Privacy Disclaimer, we treat all client communications as private. We will never sell or market client information such as names, addresses, phone numbers or e-mail addresses to anyone.
LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
Copyright Notice
This website by Robertson & Gable, LLC is © 2019 by Robertson & Gable, LLC. All rights reserved. Permission is granted to view, store, print and reproduce any pages within this website for personal and non-commercial usage. Copies may not be modified without permission. This copyright notice must be included on all copies.
Legal Disclaimer
This website does not constitute an offer of representation or create an attorney-client relationship with our firm. The information contained on this site is designed to apply to general situations and may not reflect recent legal developments. You should not act or rely on any information in this website without seeking the advice of a licensed attorney in your state regarding your specific situation. We assume no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in the content of this website. We designate our principal office as being located in Peachtree Corners, Georgia, USA and we designate Lisa M. Gable as the attorney responsible for the content of this website.
Privacy Disclaimer
We welcome the receipt of e-mail, but e-mail relating to a matter for which we do not represent you may not be treated as privileged or confidential. The act of communicating via e-mail does not alone create an attorney-client relationship. Please remember that e-mail is not secure and you should avoid sending sensitive or confidential information unless your e-mail is encrypted to protect your information.
Link Disclaimer
We are providing links to a variety of websites as a public informational service. The websites listed generally provide information or services helpful to small businesses. We are not responsible for third party sites that may be accessed from or linked to this website and we expressly disclaim any liability for the content and accuracy of the information contained on such sites.
Robertson & Gable, LLC
5875 Peachtree Industrial Blvd., Suite 170
Peachtree Corners, GA 30092
Atlanta Area: 770-736-5182
Toll Free: 888-736-5182
© 2020 Robertson & Gable, LLC. Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimers | Contact Us | Designed by Kapp Koncepts