https://richmondspca.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Richmond SPCA is extremely grateful for your dedication to saving animal lives. We respect your privacy and the privacy of all of our friends and donors.
The Richmond SPCA collects the contact information you voluntarily provide through our website, mailings, contributions, and event registrations. This information is used to respond to your request or inquiry and to contact you about programs and services of the Richmond SPCA.
We also keep a record of each donor’s giving history, which is kept on file for IRS purposes and to track and analyze giving trends. We do not engage in telemarketing, and will not call your home except for gift acknowledgement purposes or to ask a specific question regarding your volunteer, event attendance or other involvement with our organization.
The Richmond SPCA does not sell, trade or release your contact information to parties outside of our organization. We occasionally may send information regarding other organizations we think may interest you, or send invitations from another organization doing a benefit for the Richmond SPCA through a third-party mail house.
You may opt-out of having your information used for these purposes, or from receiving any communication from us by calling 804-521-1320, by emailing us or by sending your written request to:
Richmond SPCA
Development Department
2519 Hermitage Road
Richmond, VA 23220
If you have any questions regarding this policy or the use of your personal information, please call us at 804-521-1320 or email us.
CONTACT US
Email: info@richmondspca.org
Call: 804-521-1300
Visit: 2519 Hermitage RoadRichmond, VA 23220
POLICY DOCUMENTS
Conflict of Interest Policy (pdf)
Document Retention Policy (pdf)
Privacy Policy
Get the latest Richmond SPCA news:
Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Our Partners
×
Looking for something?
Let us help you fetch it.
Search
Search