http://rightweb.irc-online.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Profiles
Individuals
Government
Funders
Organizations
Media
Businesses
GroupWatch Archive
Articles
From the Wires
Right Web Features Archive
About MM
About The Militarist Monitor
Privacy Policy
The Militarist Monitor (formerly Right Web) has a firm commitment to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors’ personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. This includes information about your product and service subscriptions and usage.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is used to provide our services, for billing, for identification and authentication, for the general operation and improvement of our services, and to respond to inquiries, and is not used, shared with or sold to other organizations, except: to provide the products or services you’ve requested; or when we have your permission.
We may collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers choose to access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We will not disclose, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise reveal our supporters’ email addresses with a third party.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new reports or activities of The Militarist Monitor.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
If you do not wish to receive such email or mailings, please let us know by e-mailing us at the address below.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. Our service has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We do not store credit card information in our database. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites.
Questions
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the email below, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
We can be reached at: themilitaristmonitor@gmail.com
Share:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Tracking militarists’ efforts to influence U.S. foreign policy.
Don't miss a thing, subscribe to stay updated...
Subscribe Now
Tracking militarists’ efforts to influence U.S. foreign policy.
Don't miss a thing, subscribe to stay updated...
We will NEVER share your details