https://riseforanimals.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Desktop logo
Mobile logo
Donate
Our Work
Exposure
Activism
Legislation
Rescue
Sanctuary
Alternatives
About Us
News
Take Action
Advocate
Organize
Pledge
Search
DONATE
Search for:
Toggle search bar
Privacy Policy
Rise for Animals Privacy Policy
Rise for Animals is committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private.
This Privacy Policy applies to Rise for Animals, riseforanimals.org, and certain electronic communications sent out by Rise for Animals.
Rise for Animals reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.
Rise for Animals’ Headquarters
Rise for Animals
333 Washington St., Suite 850
Boston MA 02108
Collected Information
You can visit www.riseforanimals.org without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We do not collect personal information from visitors to our website unless they voluntarily supply such information to us.
Rise for Animals may collect and maintain certain personal information when you send us an email or complete any of our online forms, such as when you make a donation, subscribe to our emails, or forward a webpage, electronic postcard, electronic ballot, or electronic newsletter.
Such details may include your name, mailing address, email address, or any other information provided to us in an online form. It may also include the email addresses of those to who you forward Rise for Animals electronic content, and any other information collected in the forms. If you elect to become a member of, contribute to, or order materials from Rise for Animals, we may ask you to provide credit card information. See “Security” below for additional information on credit card transactions.
We do not solicit personally identifying information from children. Visitors who are 12 years of age and under should ask their parents or legal guardians for assistance when using the riseforanimals.org website and should not submit any personally identifying information to the riseforanimals.org website.
How We Use Information
We may use the information you voluntarily provide to Rise for Animals to send you details about Rise for Animals and its programs/campaigns, events, activities, action alerts, and membership (renewals and invitations to donate).
With your authorization, we will send emails and other correspondence from you, on your behalf, through our website. When you agree to do so, your email will include your name and email address as your return or “reply to” address. We may also enable you to write letters-to-the-editor to newspapers using our website tool. In that case, your email address is used and your full name and contact information is provided as part of the submission.
We may also send such information to the people whose email addresses you provide when forwarding Rise for Animals electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to enlarge our support of informed animal advocates and organizations. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of future such communications by following the “opt out” instructions on any electronic communication we send. For more information please see paragraph entitled “correct your information or opt out” below.
We will not sell your personal information to any for-profit entities. From time to time, as is common practice, Rise for Animals does exchange mailings lists with like-minded nonprofit organizations. This may involve trade or purchase. However, Rise for Animals members who request that their name not be made available for use are not included.
We may provide your email address or other personal information to third parties that Rise for Animals engages to provide particular services, for example, mailing companies that we use to send out our newsletters, appeals, and other Rise for Animals business. Under no circumstances will we permit these third parties to use your personal information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Rise for Animals. Rise for Animals shall use strict standards to ensure that such third parties are reputable and are committed to the protection of your personal information and to the goals of Rise for Animals.
Email Communications
You will only receive emails from us if you have opted in to email.
Petitions and Surveys
If you participate in an online petition or survey, then we may treat the information you submit, including your name, city and state of residence, and comments as public information. For example, we may provide compilations of petitions with your comments to legislators, government agencies, laboratories, etc. Some legislative petitions require a street address, in which case we may use that information if you provide it. However, we will not disclose your street address, email address, or telephone number submitted to us on a petition or survey for any purpose other than those expressed in the petition or expressed in any of Rise for Animals’ goals.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to our use and disclosure of such information in the ways that we described and disclosed in this policy.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to customize certain options and to make results available for your on-site searches (cookies are not used for any other reason on this site). A cookie is a small file that our site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. This small amount of information does not contain any private information stored on your computer. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to disable cookies altogether. Rise for Animals does not match information gathered by cookies with personal information you may voluntarily submit to Rise for Animals.
IP Addresses and Log Files
When you visit www.riseforanimals.org, we collect certain other information that is not personally identifying, including your IP address and domain name. Our system administration captures these IP addresses and domain names to monitor the use of our website. We may also monitor a visitor’s movement within our site. We use the aggregated information to improve the quality of our website and to evaluate traffic statistics, such as the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the time of day and days of week at which we see peak traffic, the number of pages viewed and various other site statistics. This information helps us improve the quality of our content and provide a more useful online experience for our visitors. We may share this information with Rise for Animals affiliates and other like-minded organizations. All users remain anonymous unless you choose to give us personal information.
Security
Our website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. Rise for Animals uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies to protect against unauthorized access to Rise for Animals servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence. This includes using an industry-standard security system to protect credit card processing information. Rise for Animals makes no assurances beyond that provided by industry-standard security systems.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites and servers, and other websites may provide links to riseforanimals.org. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites. We encourage you to review the individual privacy policies of the hosts of those other websites. Rise for Animals attempts to link only to those websites which also respect a visitor’s privacy and our goals. Nevertheless, Rise for Animals cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party websites. If you encounter inoperable links, are concerned about any of the sites to which Rise for Animals links, or would like more information on linking to our website, please contact us at humans@riseforanimals.org.
Correct Your Information or Opt Out
If you wish to update, correct, or remove your information, or if you do not want your information to be shared with like-minded organizations, please email us at humans@riseforanimals.org. A recipient of our electronic communications may “opt out” of future communications by following the instructions provided in that electronic communication. Subscribers to our electronic newsletters may also unsubscribe at any time using the link contained in those newsletters.
Revisions or Amendments to our Privacy Policy
Rise for Animals reserves the right to revise or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted in a prominent announcement on our website’s homepage with the effective date of the revised or updated policy.