https://rlcnn.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyRLCNN2020-10-08T14:44:40-04:00
Resurrection Lutheran Church and School (RLC&S) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We respect your privacy.
Personal Information. The personal information, such as e-mail address, that you provide will help us respond with feedback to your request from our forms or other links on our website. The information you provide is for the exclusive use of RLC&S. It will not be sold or otherwise distributed to any third party. By using this web site you consent to our use of your personal data as described in this privacy policy.
Other Information. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by RLC&S. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by RLC&S for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the RLC&S Web site.
Links to Other Sites. This privacy policy applies only to this web site. This site contains many links to web sites that are not operated by RLC&S. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party web sites or any association with their operators. RLC&S does not control these web sites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
Personal Identification. For staff members, we may display names, email addresses and office phone numbers because it is important that people be able to contact the staff through normal office channels. For adult members, we often list names of people who have been designated as contacts for groups or activities at church. We do not list their email addresses or phone numbers unless they have specifically given permission (or asked us). For non-adult members, we may list first names only, but no email addresses or phone numbers.
Children. RLC&S does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to RLC&S, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Audio/Video Recording and /or Photography.   When you enter a Resurrection Lutheran Church & School worship service or activity, you will be entering an area where photography, video and audio recording may occur.
Resurrection Lutheran Church & School takes photographs or makes audio or video recordings of members involved in church related activities. Such photographs or video records may be used by staff and/or participants to recall activities or participants. In addition, such photographs and audio/visual recordings may be used in Resurrection Lutheran Church & School’s publications, advertising materials to let others know of our ministry, and/or streaming and website hosting of worship services. In addition, local news organizations may hear of our activities or events and our church may allow them to record our events for news reporting on special interest features.
By entering the event premises you consent to photography, audio recording, video recording and its/their release, publication, exhibition, or reproduction to be used for live streaming, promotional purposes, advertising, inclusion on web sites, or any other purpose by Resurrection Lutheran Church & School. You release Resurrection Lutheran Church & School, its Pastors, church officers, employees, laity, and each and all persons involved from any liability connected with the taking, recording, digitizing, or publication of photographs, computer images, video and/or sound recordings.
By entering the event premises, you waive all rights you may have to any claims for payment or royalties in connection with any exhibition, streaming, webcasting, or other publication of these materials, regardless of the purpose. You also waive any right to inspect or approve any photo, video, or audio recording taken by Resurrection Lutheran Church & School or the person or entity designated to do so by Resurrection Lutheran Church & School.
RLC&S will make good faith attempts to not display any identifiable photographs of people on our web site (or in any of our publications distributed to the general public) if the person(s) appearing in the photograph submit(s) a request in writing.   Photographs of children are not published if a similar request has been signed by a parent or legal guardian. A specific Photo Release Form may be used for some events.  Photo Release Form
Changes to this Statement. While we will make every effort to avoid unnecessary changes to our Privacy Policy, please note that we reserve the right to change or update our Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice, for any reason. For this reason, we encourage you to review this policy whenever you use this website.
Questions About Our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way RLC&S uses personal data, please contact us.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
ACCEPT
REJECT
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings
Go to Top