https://rmhcstl.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
A-
A
A+
Privacy Policy
Ronald McDonald House Charities of St. Louis, Inc. (“RMHC St. Louis”) is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its online privacy policy. Please be assured that RMHC St. Louis uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this web site.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
RMHC St. Louis only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, home addresses, email addresses and credit card numbers, when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as, RMHC St. Louis updates or information regarding new Ronald McDonald House Charities of St. Louis openings, fund-raising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMHC St. Louis to perform a variety of functions, such as, assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHC St. Louis does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMHC St. Louis reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us on-line. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the email address or postal address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, RMHC St. Louis uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHC St. Louis. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of July 22, 2004. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHC St. Louis to change this privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Internet Privacy Policy of RMHC St. Louis , please contact us at:
info@rmhcstl.com
or
Ronald McDonald House Charities of St. Louis
Attn: Internet Communications
3450 Park Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63104