https://rmhcoregon.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington, Inc. is pleased to provide information about its privacy policy. Please be assured that Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington uses its best efforts regarding privacy protection and data security.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is UsedRonald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make a donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington updates or information regarding new Ronald McDonald House openings, fundraising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Security of Donor InformationDonor information is stored within a donor management database within Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with a legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein.
Sharing of Personal InformationCompanies may be engaged by Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
Other than as provided in this privacy policy, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties, nor will Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
AccessYou are in control of all personal information you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the following addresses: Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington, Inc., Attn: Privacy Department, 2620 N. Commercial Ave., Portland, Oregon 97227. In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please contact us through the email or postal address listed above. If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletter emails or contact us through the postal address listed above. It may take up to two weeks to remove you from all of our correspondences, if we have one in production when you request to be removed.
Cookies“Cookies” are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington website.
We use Google services, such as Google Analytics, as well as other third party vendors that place first-party and/or third-party cookies on a browser across our websites. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit their opt-out page. We also use Google Ads to market our services and website. For more information, please see Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Links to Other SitesWe may offer links to sites that are not operated by Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Local Chapter and Ronald McDonald House Internet SitesEach local RMHC Chapter and the local Ronald McDonald House, Ronald McDonald Family Room and Ronald McDonald Care Mobile programs are operated by a local RMHC Chapter, is an independent organization and licensee of RMHC. When visiting the internet site of RMHC or other local RMHC Chapters, please review the site’s privacy policy because the terms may be different from this privacy policy.
Payment Processing and Data StorageRonald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington uses Salsa
Labs, Greater Giving, and WordPress for payment processing and data storage. Each step in the online donation process is part of a secure website. During the process you will exit rmhcoregon.org and will be subject to the new site’s policies, including the privacy policy. For further information on this subject, please review their respective privacy policies when using those sites.
Changes to our Privacy PolicyOur privacy policy was last revised effective July 6, 2020. From time to time, it may be necessary for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Oregon & SW Washington to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.