https://rmhcdc.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.  To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage https://rmhcdc.org.
Types of Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on RMHCDC’s website, https://rmhcdc.org.  On some pages, you can order products, make donations, send us a message, register for events, and sign up to receive materials.  The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information – not retained
The Way We Use Information
We use information you provide about yourself to send you communications, such as thank you letters and emails with RMHCDC updates, upcoming events, or family and House news.  You can create an account to make changes to your communications preferences.
Companies may be engaged by RMHCDC to perform a variety of functions, such as, assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHCDC does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties without prior consent.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
If you elect not to receive such communications, you may opt to remove your name from our mailing list. (For legal and accounting purposes, your donation records will remain in the organization database.) To opt out of receiving communications from RMHCDC, please click unsubscribe on one of our emails, or send us a written letter or e-mail providing your exact name and address.
RMHCDC reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Our Commitment to Data Security
All data is encrypted during transmission using SSL (HTTPS), using some of the strongest encryption available. Your sensitive data is encrypted at rest following industry best practices, using either one-way or two-way hashing.  Our company’s policies and procedures ensure that only the right people are able to access your data. We perform thorough background checks for all new employees and exercise the principle of “least privilege” when it comes to staff access to customer data.  We do not host any sensitive payment information on our own servers.  All payment information is transmitted and stored in a fully PCI-compliant environment. Our payment processor maintains PCI compliancy through ControlScan, a third-party auditor, through which security audits are submitted on a quarterly basis.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or change your preferences for contact from us, you can register with our website and login to your account.  You can also let us know by contacting us at the email or postal address listed below. Please contact us directly to review any personal information we may have, to ask us to delete that information, or to ask us to stop further use of the information.  To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, RMHCDC uses cookies for a variety of purposes to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Adjust the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive cookies, or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) and links to sites that are not operated by RMHCDC. Embedded content from other website behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.  If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of June 1, 2008 and revised on July 27, 2018. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHCDC to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here.  We suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. Rest assured that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 703-698-7080 or send us an email at info@rmhcdc.org.  Ronald McDonald House Charities of Greater Washington, DC (RMHCDC).
3312 Gallows Road
Falls Church, VA 22042
703-698-7080
info@rmhcdc.org
DONATE
VOLUNTEER
WHAT WE DO
What We Do RMH
Ronald McDonald House
RMHC-Family-Room
RMHC-Care-Mobile
RMHC-Our-Stories
OUR STORIES
Hope and a Home Away from Home
How You Help Carson’s Family Stay Strong Carson was only in preschool when he got sick.
Jameson’s Fight to Survive
You were there for a fragile newborn
Finding A Reason To Smile
“Thank You From The Bottom of My Heart” For Veronica and Julio, finding out their son Bryan had leukemia was hard. Finding out that he couldn’t get treatment near their home was even harder. They searched for months before they found a hospital that could help Bryan. Then, Veronica quit her job, packed their bags,…
Without You, She’d Have Nowhere Else to Go
A Foundation of Love
How RMHCDC Began
Sara’s Story: A Home to Heal Together