https://rockrms.communitybible.church/privacy
Online Privacy Policy
HomeOnline Privacy Policy
Error
Community Bible Church Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit https://communitybible.church.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY:
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH USER ENTRY:When you log into the Site with a social media account, we collect information from your social network. We collect your Name, Gender, Birthdate, Social Media Profile Picture and Social Relationship Connections.If you create an account without a social media account, we collect only the information you manually enter. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how visitors browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
ANALYTICS We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.We use Personal Information gathered through account creation to update your information within our internal database. We use this information to deliver information through the website and email, at times targeted by age or gender. Yourinformation is also used to connect you to services provided by Community, such as small groups and events. We do not currently use the connected social relationships, it is information delivered to our database. CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@communitybiblechurch.com or by mail using the details provided below:
2001 Jodeco Road, Stockbridge, GA, 30281, United States