https://ronsorg.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://ronsorg.com
Information Collection and Use
Collected information
There is no collected information on this site.
Contact form
If you use our contact form, we collect and store this information in order to contact you individually according to your wishes. The stored information contains only what you send us via the contact form. This information is not stored on our server.
We do not share our information with third parties and no third parties are involved in the collection of information.
reCaptcha security feature is present on this site. You may read the Google policy on the lowest part of the pages on this site.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
Our site may contain links to third party sites or services, and we encourage you to read the privacy and cookie policies of these third party sites and services.
Security
The security of your personal data is our top priority, but please keep in mind that no method of data transmission over the Internet, neither digital nor analog information storage is 100% secure. Although we strive to protect your personal information and privacy as much as possible.
Cookies
How we use our cookies
We use cookies for: enabling some functions of the website, providing data for analytics.
We DO NOT use cookies for advertising or personalized advertising.
Because we respect your privacy, you have the option to not accept our cookies. To learn more about how to disable and manage cookies in your browser, please visit these third party pages:
Chrome
Edge /Internet Explorer
Firefox
Opera
Safari
Supplementary informations
Comments
This site doesn’t not offer any forum or blog service and no comments are allowed on the site’s content. Thus no data is collected for that purpose such as name, id or comment data.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
If you have used the contact form on this site,  you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, such as name and email, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You may use the contact page or write to:
Ron’s Org Grenchen – Ron’s Org Committee
Mazzinistrasse 7
CH-2540 Grenchen
Ron's Org Committee:
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy