http://rootstowings.com/privacy-page.htm
Tell a Friend | Contact Us |FAQs | Testimonials
Home
About Us
Yoga Instructors
Our Vision
RTW COVID Schedule
Adult Classes
Class Descriptions
Class Rates & Policies
Roots to Wings Membership
New to Yoga
Meditate at RTW
Little Roots
Schedule
Instructors
Testimonials
Wellness & Privates
Massage
Craniosacral
Yoga Therapy
Energy Healing
Private/Corporate Yoga
Studio Rental
Workshops & Events
12/11 Deep Dive with Katherine
12/13 Honoring Body/Spirit
1/2 Yoga Hope for Cancer
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
New Student Special
3 Weeks of Yoga for $30
2nd floor hall
Beach Yoga
Privacy Policy
Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing respects the privacy of its guests and customers. We have adopted the following guidelines in order to inform you about how information gathered by Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing is used and not used to assist you in making conscious choices to provide opportunities for opting out.
General | Program-related | Website | FAQs
General
If you register for programs, subscribe to newsletters, purchase products, or otherwise deal directly with Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing, your contact information and a transaction history may be kept by Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing. This information will be used to send you Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing communications, such as e-mails, informing you of upcoming Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing events. E-mail addresses and telephone numbers are never sold, rented, or disclosed to third parties.  Use the unsubscribe button at the bottom of our newsletter to unsbuscribe from our mailing list.
Program-related
1.
Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing provides each program presenter with the names, residential addresses, and e-mail addresses of the participants attending that presenter's program(s). Some presenters gather additional information during the course of the program. We ask presenters to specify the intended use of the information requested and remind participants that they are free to not provide any information.
2.
After attending a Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing program, many participants want to share their contact information with others in the program. Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing may facilitate this process by providing a printed roster with names, mailing addresses, and a space for participants to add their e-mail address. An option is provided for crossing your name off the list and thus not having any information provided to other participants.
Website
1.
Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing gathers data from visitors to its website that is primarily used for system administration, compilation and analysis of anonymous user statistics, and site development. Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing does not share this information with third parties except as disclosed below.
2.
Information gathered on the site is kept on the secure dedicated servers of Our Internet US, a website design, hosting, and site traffic tracking company as well as servers operated by Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing. We do not collect or store credit card data online or on our servers. Registration information is sent from our hosting service to Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing by encrypted e-mail.
3.
When a survey appears on the Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing site, participants may be asked to supply personal information, such as name, e-mail address, and/or phone number. This information will only be used to notify participants of results. Survey information is collected, compiled, and analyzed on an aggregated basis that does not allow for the identification of any individual, except if otherwise stated. Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing may share this aggregated data with other individuals and business associates.
4.
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser that your browser may then store on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept cookies or not. Cookies are used on the Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing site by our site-traffic analysis provider for statistical site-traffic analysis only. As in the case of registrations, an encrypted e-mail is sent from our host to the Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing shop for order processing. Minors are not permitted to provide personal information to the site.
5. Flash cookies. We may use
local shared objects, sometimes known as Flash cookies, to store your
preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to
personalize your visit. Our advertisers and third-party service providers
also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies
are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and
how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will
not remove Flash cookies.
If you
disable Flash cookies, you won't have access to many features that make
your user experience more efficient and some of our services may not
function properly.
6. Web beacons. Web beacons
are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of
sites. Web beacons may involve the transmission of information directly to
us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with
its privacy policy. We may use web beacons to bring together information
we collect about you.
7.
By using our website, users agree to the terms of Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing's privacy policy as appears on the site. Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing reserves the right to change its policies at any time.
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, please Contact Us or by mail at Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing Center, Attention: Privacy, Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing Center, 1 Lunt Street Byfield, MA 01922
Roots to Wings Yoga & Healing reserves the right to transfer any of its collected data in the event of an acquisition, full or partial, of the organization or its assets.
Events / Workshops
12/11 Deep Dive with Katherine
12/13 Cancer Support
Class Schedule
Class Cancellations Posted Here
Book Wellness/Private
Recipes
Videos
Books
Music
Blog
Home | About Us | Adult Classes | Children's Yoga | Workshops & Events | Private Sessions | Blog | FAQs |Contact Us| Directions|Tell a Friend
| Privacy| Sitemap
76 Newburyport Turnpike Newbury, MA 01951