https://rsaministries.org/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions |
Terms of Service/Forum Rules
Registration to this forum is free.  You must abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you agree to the terms, please check the ‘I Accept Terms and Conditions’ check box button below. If you would like to not register you can still use the public area of the website but will not be able to access some of the resources that are for register users.
Renewal from Sexual Addiction (referred to as “RSA”) is wholly owned by and is a dba for Renewed Hope, a federally exempt non-profit corporation.  RSA exists for the purpose of helping people recover from sexual addiction and for those in a relationship with someone who is sexually addicted.  It does this by teaching a set of self-help information, concepts, tools and methods. RSA also provides a supportive on-line environment in which to learn how to use and apply those concepts, tools and methods.  RSA makes no attempt to address other addictions or problems.
This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) sets forth the legally binding terms for your use of RSA. By using RSA, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. You are only authorized to use RSA if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and to this Agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree with it, you should leave the RSA website and discontinue use of RSA immediately. If you wish to register on RSA, you must read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance during the registration process.
This Agreement includes RSA’s policy for acceptable use of RSA and content posted on the RSA website, your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of RSA, and RSA’s Privacy Policy. RSA may modify this Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by RSA on the RSA website. You agree to be bound by any changes to this Agreement when you use RSA after any such modification is posted. It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Please choose carefully the information you post on RSA and that you provide to other participants. RSA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting by you, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of RSA at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. RSA expressly reserves the right to remove your profile and/or restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any part of RSA Services if RSA determines, in its sole discretion, that you pose a threat to RSA and/or its participants.
Use of and registration with RSA is void where prohibited. By using RSA, you represent and warrant that
(a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate;
(b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and
(c) your use of RSA does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use or are registered with RSA. You may terminate your registration at any time, for any reason. RSA may terminate your registration at any time, without warning. Even after registration is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect.
When you register, you will be asked to choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the account, username, or password of another participant at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. You agree to notify RSA immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account.
A valid email is required to register on RSA. Multiple accounts on the RSA message board are not permitted without prior approval of RSA’s Administrator. If you are having technical problems please contact the Administrator prior to registering a new account. Any participant found to have more than one account will be placed on moderation. Moderated participants found creating additional accounts will be banned from further participation with RSA.
RSA is for the personal use of its participants only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by RSA. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of RSA, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of participants by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the RSA website is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed without notice and may result in termination of registration. Appropriate legal action will be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of RSA.
Following are the terms governing proprietary rights in content on RSA:
All text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication (collectively “Content”) posted by you on RSA becomes the property of RSA. No Content will be used outside of RSA without the explicit consent of the poster (please note, however, that some training programs and special guest speakers may be recorded; if this occurs, participants will be notified prior to the start of recording, and asked for their consent to RSA’s use of the recorded material). If you decide to leave RSA, please do not ask for your Content or username to be deleted as this will not be done; however, if you cease using RSA, your account will become inactive.
You represent and warrant that the posting of your Content on or through RSA does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Content posted by you to or through RSA.
RSA content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and RSA owns and retains all rights in the RSA content and RSA. RSA hereby grants you a limited, revocable, nonsublicensable license to reproduce and display the RSA Content (excluding any software code) solely for your personal use in connection with viewing the RSA Website and using RSA.
Except for content posted by you, you may not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through RSA.
Following are the terms governing content posted by you on the RSA website:
RSA may delete any content that in the sole judgment of RSA violates this Agreement or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights of, harm, or threaten the safety of any person. RSA assumes no responsibility for monitoring RSA for inappropriate content or conduct. If at any time RSA chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor RSA, RSA nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the participant submitting any such content.
You are solely responsible for the content that you post on or through RSA, and any material or information that you transmit to other participants and for your interactions with other participants. RSA does not endorse and has no control over the content. Content is not necessarily reviewed by RSA prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of RSA. RSA makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content or to the accuracy and reliability of the content or any material or information that you transmit to other participants.
The following is a partial list of the kind of content that is prohibited to post on or through RSA. RSA reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in RSA’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from RSA and terminating the registration of such violators. Prohibited Content includes, but is not limited to content that, in the sole discretion of RSA:
is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
is ethnically objectionable;
involves political content of any nature;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, “spamming”;
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to violating someone’s privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other participants;
involves commercial activities and/or sales (including links to for-profit websites) without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
contains material denouncing RSA, its officers, Board of Directors, affiliates, or any volunteers, moderators or administrators of RSA;
contains a link to an image that is not hosted by a reputable image service such as photobucket, ImageShack or Flickr (“hotlinking” is not allowed);
involves the posting of any private topics or private e-mails without the original writer’s consent;
includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person’s consent; or
uses sexually suggestive imagery or any other unfair, misleading or deceptive content.
The following is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the RSA website and through your use of RSA. RSA reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in RSA’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. Prohibited activity includes, but is not limited to:
criminal or tortious activity, including child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets;
advertising to, or solicitation of, any participant to buy or sell any products or services through RSA. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other participants. It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from RSA in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any participant without their prior explicit consent. If you breach this Agreement and send unsolicited bulk email, instant messages or other unsolicited communications of any kind through RSA, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to RSA, but that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to ascertain. As a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay RSA $50 for each such unsolicited email or other unsolicited communication you send through RSA;
any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to add friends or send comments or messages;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on RSA or the networks or services connected to RSA;
attempting to impersonate another participant or person
using the account, username, or password of another participant at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
using any information obtained from RSA in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person;
accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity on or through RSA on behalf of that person; or
using RSA in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of RSA to terminate registration privileges of any participant who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to RSA by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on RSA in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:
(i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
(ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
(iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on RSA;
(iv) your address, telephone number, and email address;
(v) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
RSA’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached at  22772 Centre Drive, Suite 205, Lake Forest, CA  92630.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other RSA participants. RSA reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other participants.
Use of RSA is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
RSA is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate content posted on the RSA website or in connection with RSA, whether caused by participants of RSA or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in RSA. Posts by participants on the RSA website may contain links to other websites. RSA is not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are in no way investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by RSA. Inclusion of any linked website on RSA does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by RSA. When you access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. RSA takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on this RSA website or through RSA, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers. RSA is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any RSA participant. RSA assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any participant communication. RSA is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on RSA or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to participants or to any person’s computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with RSA. Under no circumstances shall RSA be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of RSA, from any content posted on or through RSA, or from the conduct of any RSA participant, whether online or offline. RSA are provided “AS-IS” and as available and RSA expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. RSA cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of RSA.
IN NO EVENT SHALL RSA BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE RSA, EVEN IF RSA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, RSA’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO RSA FOR RSA DURING THE TERM OF REGISTRATION.
If there is any dispute about or involving RSA, you agree that the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to conflict of law provisions and you agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of the United States located in the State of California, City of Lake Forest. Either RSA or you may demand that any dispute between RSA and you about or involving RSA must be settled by arbitration utilizing the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association (AAA), provided that the foregoing shall not prevent RSA from seeking injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
You agree to indemnify and hold RSA, its officers, employees, volunteers, subsidiaries, contractors and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of RSA in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any content that you post on the RSA website or through RSA causes RSA to be liable to another.
This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the RSA website or any of RSA and is further affirmed by you becoming a registered participant. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and RSA regarding the use of RSA. The failure of RSA to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Effective September 2017
Scroll to top