https://rscdsvancouver.org/about-branch/privacy-policy/
RSCDS Vancouver is a branch of the Royal Scottish Country Dance Society that is headquartered in Edinburgh, Scotland. Because of the location of the Headquarters the Vancouver Branch (Branch) is committed to protecting the security of your personal information in accordance with the principles set out in European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2018 that applies to the Society and all its branches worldwide. The Vancouver Branch Privacy Policy explains how we use the personal information that you provide to us.
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you when you become a member of the Branch. This allows the Branch to administer your membership and provide you with agreed member benefits by email or mail. In this case, we will collect your name, address and email address.
We will also collect information when you renew your membership or purchase tickets for an event. In these cases we will only collect the information necessary to allow us to process your order or administer your booking. This will include your contact details, including your name, address and telephone number. We do not store financial information, such as bank account or credit card numbers.
We may also hold information when you complete a survey or send us an enquiry.
How will we use this information about you?
The Branch is authorized under the General Data Protection Regulations to process information in order to administer your membership or event. This is because the processing is necessary in order to provide you with a service, process your order, manage your account or ensure quality monitoring. This information will only be used for those purposes.
The Branch may seek your consent if we wish to process information for any other purpose. We will only process your information in such a manner if we receive your consent to do so. We may seek such consent when we wish to distribute marketing information, undertake market research or share other content, which is appropriate for our audience.
Will we pass this information on to other companies?
We process the Branch member information on our website, which can only be accessed securely by persons appointed by the Branch Board of Directors. This processing will only take place to allow the Branch to manage or administer your membership and communicate with you on matters related to the Branch. In this case, both parties have a lawful basis for processing the information, as long as it is used for no other purpose.
We may also share information with teachers, organisers and volunteers where it is necessary and appropriate, for managing and organizing your attendance at events, classes, and meetings or similar
types of Branch gatherings. This information will be used only for these purposes, and for no other.
Information will not be shared with any other third parties for any other purpose, except where we have a lawful basis for doing so in order to fulfil a legal, contractual or safeguarding commitment.
We share your membership information with the RSCDS Headquarters in order to maintain your membership in that organization.
How do we keep your information secure?
We take the security of your information very seriously. We use firewalls to ensure user data is kept as secure as possible and encryption systems to ensure data is scrambled while being transmitted from system to system. Your information is stored in a website hosted by Uniserve.
How long will we keep information?
We will only keep information about you for as long as we need to fulfil our obligations to you. We have an internal retention policy with varying retention periods for different categories of information
depending on our legal obligations and whether there is a commercial need to retain the information, such as to help us answer member account queries. We will also keep only appropriate information for archival purposes. After a retention period has elapsed, the data is deleted.
Other websites
Both the Branch and the RSCDS Headquarters websites may contain links to the websites of other organisations. This privacy policy only applies to the Branch and RSCDS Headquarters websites so, when you link to other websites, you should read their own privacy policies and terms and conditions. We cannot accept responsibility for your use of other websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. If there is a material change that could affect you, we will notify you by placing a prominent announcement on our webpages.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information held by us in our records, in return for which we will charge a small fee. You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your information. We respect your right to privacy. If you would like a copy of some or all of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us.
Your rights change from 25th May 2018. From this date, all individuals who provide us with personal information have the right to:
Be informed;
Access their information;
Request erasure;
Request rectification;
Request that processing is restricted;
Object to the use of their information;
If you would like to make an access request about these rights, you can do so by contacting us:
RSCDS Vancouver Branch
8886 Hudson St.,
Vancouver, BC V6P 4N2
Attn: Membership Secretary
Registered charity
The Branch is a Canadian Registered Charity as defined by the Canada Revenue Agency, Registration Number 884324781RR0001. The status of the registration may be confirmed by searching the Canada Revenue Agency Database.
Online Registration and Payment Membership
Membership Details
Register Online
Download Registration Form
Recent Videos2020 AGM Video
2020 Branch October Variety Show Video
2020 Remembrance Day Variety Show Video Calendar Events
Dec 20 2020
Step Dance Classes on Zoom
Zoom Online
Dec 28 2020
Betwixt & Between Cancelled
Scottish Cultural Centre
Dec 28 2020
Betwixt & Between Zoom Chats
Zoom Online
Jan 16 2021
Vancouver Branch Burns Supper Cancelled
Scottish Cultural Centre
No event found!