https://rwi.lu.se/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Introduction
Your personal integrity is important to us at the Raoul Wallenberg Institute of Human Rights (hereafter “RWI”). In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (hereafter “GDPR”), which has been in force since 25th of May 2018, you have the right to receive certain information about personal data we process about you.
RWI is responsible for your personal data
As a data controller RWI (organisation number 845001-3548) will take reasonable steps to ensure the protection of your personal integrity during the processing of your personal data in accordance with current data protection laws and the personal data policy of the RWI. In case of any questions contact us at privacy@rwi.lu.se.
Processing of your personal data
For a more detailed description see the complete version of the External Privacy Policy, here: External Privacy Policy – long version
Categories of data subjects
Why do we collect your personal data? Some examples:
What legal grounds do we use?
Job applicants
·      Enable recruiting processes.
·       Defend legal claims.
Consent / legitimate interest
Scholarship applicants
·       Grant scholarships.
Consent / agreement
Contacts at prospective cooperation or partnership organisations
·       Evaluate and enter into an agreement with the organization.
Legitimate interest
Lund University Research Hub contacts
·       Cooperate and create the platform for Human Rights Research.
Consent / legitimate interest
Newsletter subscribers
·       Send newsletters and press releases.
Consent
Participants in our programmes
·       Administer program participants, including fees and payments.
Legal obligation / agreement
Participants of our podcast
·       Publish podcast episodes.
Legitimate interest
Students
·       Administration.
·       Fulfil our legal obligations.
Agreement / legal obligation
Contact person of our subcontractors or agreement partners
·       Enter into or fulfil an agreement.
·       Administer payments and invoices.
Legitimate interest
Employees of RWI or Lund University or external researchers
·       See the Privacy Regulation regarding Employees.
·       Communicate with researchers and publish their work.
Agreement
Members of the board
·       Carry out their commitments.
Legal obligation legitimate interest
Resource persons
·       To be able to connect resource persons.
·       Publishing on social media.
Legitimate interest / legal obligation / agreement
How long do we save your personal data?
Your personal data will be processed for the time it is necessary to fulfil the purpose of the processing. If the processing is based on consent, the personal data will be erased if the consent is withdrawn. If the processing is based on a agreement, the personal data will be erased when the agreement is fulfilled. Please note, some personal data may be processed for a longer period if there is a legal obligation to do so, or a legitimate interest. See the complete version of the External Privacy Policy, here.
Who has access to my personal data?
We make sure to limit access to your personal data by ensuring that only the staff that needs it have access to your personal data.
The subcontractors (data processors) we hire are under obligation to follow our strict instructions (DPA), in accordance with GDPR, Privacy Shield where applicable and this Privacy Policy. RWI may also transfer your personal data to an authority if there is a legal obligation to do so.
Some of our activities extend outside the EU/EEA (“third country”). For the processing of your personal data that may be outside of this area, we have taken appropriate protection measures in order to reach as high a level of protection as possible. We will inform you if your personal data is transferred outside of the EU/EEA.
Your rights
You have certain rights to information and control over our processing of personal data. These rights include:
The right to access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to object
The right to restriction
The right to data portability
Contacts / Policy Owner
To be able to answer your requests as quickly as possible we ask that you first contact our Privacy Officer privacy@rwi.lu.se. We will answer your request within one month after receiving it. In order for us to protect your rights, we do however first need to be able to correctly identify you.
If you are of the opinion that RWI does not process your personal data correctly or in accordance with GDPR you are entitled to contact The Swedish Data Protection Authority (Datainspektionen) to make complaints (https://www.datainspektionen.se/kontakta-oss/).
Cookies policy
Our website uses cookies. By using our website you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
Cookies consist of pieces of text, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on this website
We use persistent cookies from Google Analytics. Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
To recognise your computer when you visit our website;
To track you as you navigate our website;
To improve the website’s usability;
To analyse the use of our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Read Google’s privacy policy.
We also use cookies to verify your behaviour to check that you are not a robot for security purposes. Robots are often used for spamming or hacking websites.
If you login to the site or interact with some forms the website will set cookies to manage your session to keep you logged in between page views. Based on these cookies the website can be customised for you.
Managing cookies
You can opt out from Google Analytics by installing a browser add on or by blocking cookies. How to block cookies depends on your browser, you can try the following guides from common browser manufacturers:
Chrome
Safari
Internet Explorer
Firefox
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.CloseRead more