https://s2kmblog.typepad.com/rethinking_structured_set/structured_settlement_public_policy/
Beyond Structured Settlements
Commentary about structured settlements, the secondary market, special needs and settlement planning.
Home
Archives
Profile
Subscribe
The Settlement Services Group
The Structured Settlement Wiki
Search
Subscribe in a reader
Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner
Recent Posts
"Back to the Future"
S2P2J Release Highlights
Historical Structured Settlement Annuity Premium
Annual Industry Reports
Past Reporting - ASNP, NAELA, NAMSAP
Past Reporting - NASP
Past Reporting - SSP
Past Reporting - NSSTA
S2P2J Release 63
NSSTA CSSC Celebrates 25th Anniversary
Recent Comments
Patrick Hindert on Calling Out Governor Cuomo
Anonymous on Calling Out Governor Cuomo
Patrick Hindert on ELNY Class Action Filed
Anonymous Poster Quote 3 on ELNY Class Action Filed
Giana Forzareli on Tax Penalty Imposed on Former Plaintiff
ELNY Shortfall Payee on ELNY Appeal - Injunction 2
more to the truth than hate on ELNY Appeal - Injunction 2
Anonymous Poster Quote 3 on ELNY Appeal - Injunction 2
(Shortfall Victim) on ELNY Appeal - Injunction 2
Patrick Hindert on ELNY Appeal - Injunction 2
Archives
August 2018
February 2018
October 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
October 2016
September 2016
More...
Categories
"Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments"
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
AAJ
AANLCP
Aaron D. Frishman
ABLE accounts
ABLE Act
ACA
Academy of Special Needs Planners
Achilles International
ACLI
Adam Scales
Affordable Care Act
AIG
Alexander Hamilton Award
Alfred Chiplin, Jr.
All State
Alliance-One Services
allocators
Allstate
American Association for Justice
American Association of Nurse Life Care Planners
American Association of People with Disabilities
American Bar Association
American College of Financial Services
American General
American Insurance Association
American Taxpayer Act
Americans with Disabilities Act
Amos Goodall
Andrew Cook
Andrew J. Imparato
Andrew Savysky
Ann Koerner
Ann S. Levin
annuities
annuity premium
annuity suitability
Anthony Prieto, Jr.
anti-assignment
Arkansas v. Ahlborn
Artemis S.A.
Arthur Balfour
asnp
assignment
Asta Funding
Aurora
Aurora S.A. v. Poizner
Australia
Avik Roy
Baine Brockman
Barbara Bowen
Benjamin M. Lawsky
Berger Montague
Berkshire Hathaway
best interest
best practices
Bethany Lilly
Betty Gregware
Bill Coffin
Bipartisan Budget Act
Blaine Brockman
Bloomberg Businessweek
Brad Badgley
Bradley Frigon
Brant Hellwig
Brenston case
Brian Anderson
Brian Mack
Bruce Akerly
Bryn Poland
Burford abstention
business standards and practices
buy and hold
California SB 510
Care Planner Network
Carl Pierce
Carl S. Kravitz
Carrie Tendler
case managers
Cates Mahoney
CBC Settlement Funding
Center for Special Needs
Ceron v. Henderson Receivables
certification
Certified Elder Law Attorney
certified structured settlement consultant
Charles Schell
Charles Severance
Chartis
Chris Masey
Chris Shumate
Christensen & Jensen
Christi Fried
Christopher Diamantis
class action
CLM Advisors
CLM Alliance
CLM Survey
CMS
CMS Financial Report
cms msa policy memorandums
CMS Self-Administration Toolkit
CMS WCMSA Reference Guide
CMS WCMSA Self-Administration Toolkit
CMSP
CNA
collateral source rule
Commissioner v. Schleier
common funds
communities of practice
Commutations
compliance
Concept Maps
conditional payment guidelines
conflicts of interest
Congressman John Lewis
connectivism
constructive receipt
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
consumer fraud
consumer protection
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
convertable lump sums
Cornell University
Cory Phillips
Council of Economic Advisers
council on litigation management
Courthouse News Service
Covered California
Craig Lessner
Craig Ulman
Credit Suisse
CSSC
Cynthia Barrett
Cynthia Lindsey
Dallas Booth
damages
Dan Clark
Dan Finn
Dan McCarthy
Daniel Durbin
Daniel Hindert
Daniel Kessler
Dave Camp
David Brooks
David Goldfarb
David Higgins
David J. Lillesand
David Miller
David Ringler
David Snyder
DBRS
Debbie Sink
deceptive business practice
Defense of Marriage Act
deferred attorney fees
Deferred Compensation
Deficit Reduction Act
delegation
Delta Settlements
Denham Grey
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
diagrams
Dick Traum
Dinallo v. DiNapoli
disability
disclaimer
Disclosure
discount rates
Dissipation studies
Dodd Frank
DOMA
Donovan v. City of Dallas
Douglas Brand
Douglas Hartz
Douglas Shaw
Drinker Biddle
Due Diligence
due process
duty of care
E. Spencer Ghazey-Bates
Earl Nesbitt
Earl S. Nesbitt
economic benefit
educational conference
Edward Stone
Edwin Boyer
elder abuse
elder law
Eliot Spitzer
Elise Sanguinetti
Elizabeth Yingling
ELNY
ELNY appeal
ELNY class action
ELNY contempt order
ELNY Facilitation Plan
ELNY hardship fund
ELNY injunction
ELNY liquidation
ELNY motion for contempt
elny restructuring agreement
ELNY Schedule 1.15
ELNY shortfall victims
ELNY timeline
emotional distress
Employment and Disability Institute
EPS Settlement Group
equity-indexed
Eric T. Schneiderman
Eric Vaughn
Erin Muller
Erwin Chemerinsky
estate tax
Ethics
Evan Krame
Evolve Bank and Trust
Executive Life
Executive Life of California
Executive Life of New York
Executive Life timeline
Ezell v. Lexington
Ezra Klein
Factoring
factoring audit guide
falsified transfer orders
FASB Topic 834
FECA
Federal Insurance Office
Federal Reserve
fiduciary
fiduciary standard
finality of judgment
Financial Stability Board
FINRA
Fireman's Fund
First Boston
First Capital Surety
First Executive Corporation
flickr
Florida
folksonomies
Forge Consulting
Form 1099
Foundation for Life Care Planning Research
Francois Pinault
Frank Johns
Fred Carr
Fresno County Factoring
Frost Brown Todd
Garamendi v. Altus Finance
Garretson Firm Resolution Group
Gary Schulte
Gary Veloric
Genworth Insurance Company
Geoff Kissel
Glenn Arensdorf
global insurance capital standard
global systemically important
Government Accountability Office
Governor Andrew Cuomo
Greenberg v. Commissioner
Gregg Polsky
Gregory French
Grillo v. Pettiete
Growth Initiative
Guaranty Association Benefits Company
guaranty association model act
guaranty corporation
guardianship
H.R. 1982
H.R. 2549
H.R. 3897
Hal Wright
Hancock v. Share
hardship conversion
Harry Margolis
Hartford Insurance
Havelet Assignment Company
health care reform
health insurance exchanges
Henderson v. Scioteco
Henry Strong
Hinsinger v. Showboat Atlantic City
HIPAA
Howard Krooks
IAIS
IALCP
Illinois
immunity
in limine
In re: Rains
indexed annuities
Indexed-Linked Annuity Payment Rider
Insurance Advocate
insurance regulation
insurer liquidation
internal revenue code
Internal Revenue Service
International Association of Insurance Supervisors
International Association of Life Care Planners
Investment News
investment security
Investor Bulletin
IRC 104(a)(2)
IRC 130
IRC 139F
IRC 213
IRC 468B
IRC 5891
IRC Section 6661
IRS audit guides
Ismael Acevedo
J.G. Wentworth
Jack Gibson
Jack Kelly
Jack Meligan
James D. Martin
James Early
James Lokey
James T. O'Reilly
James Wrynn
JAMS
Jan Schlichtmann
Janet Lauder
Jason Furman
Jason Lazarus
Jeff Bowers
Jeff Livingston
Jeff Reinhold
Jeremy Babener
JGWPT Holdings, Inc.
Jim Early
Jim Morris
Jimmo v. Sibelius
JLL Partners
Joe Anderson
Joe Costello
Joe Feltes
John Arendt
John Darer
John Garamendi
John J. Campbell
John Machir
John McCulloch
John Stanton
John T. Bair
Joint Committee on Taxation
Jonathan Bing
Jonathan Chait
Jonathan Cohn
Jordan Bossler
Joseph Dehner
Joseph DiGangi
Joseph Jamail
Joseph O'Reilly
Joseph Ricci
Joseph Tombs
Josh Yager
Joshua Congdon-Hohman
Journal
Judge Dean Lum
Judge Edward Burke
Judge Janet C. Hall
Judge Jesse M. Furman
Judge John Galasso
Judge Kay Bates
Judge Patricia Wise
judicial education
junk bonds
Karen D. Meyers
Karra J. Porter
Katherine Scanlon
KBTX-TV video
Kelly v. Ringler
Ken Milani
Kent Hansen
Kevin P. Griffith
Kevin Silo
Kevin Urbatsch
Kimberly Dodson Gilbey
King v. Burwell
Kira Brereton
Kirk Van Brunt
Knowledge Management
Kristen Chess
Kristen Kiburtz
Kyle Walsh
Lanclos v. United States
LASIE
Law Journal Press
Legal Broadcast Network
legal nurse consulting
Len Blonder
Leo Govoni
Leonard Bernstein
Leslie Schumacher
LGBT
liability
Lief, Cabraser
life care plan
life care planners
life expectancy
life settlements
LifeHealthPro
Limra
linda morris
Lloyds of London v. Ringler
Louis Masry
Luis Suarez
Lumbermens Mutual
Macomber v. Travelers
MAGI
make-whole rules
MalDeener
MARC
Marci Moorehead
Mark Gilfix
Mark Miller
Mark Perriello
Mark Peters
Mark Popolizio
Mark Wahlstrom
Mark Wilson
Market-based programs
marketing surveys
Marques Torbert
Martha Pollack
Martin Jacobson
Mary Jane Fortin
Massive Open Online Courses
MassMutual
Matt Garretson
Matthew Bracy
McCarran-Ferguson
Medicaid
medical care exception
medical expense deduction
Medicare
Medicare Action Recovery Coalition
Medicare Secondary Payer Act
Medicare Secondary Payer Rule
Medicare Set-Aside Arrangements
Megha Charalambides
Melissa Evola
Melissa Price
MetLife
metrics and analytics
Michael A. Upchurch
Michael Amoruso
Michael Cohen
Michael Ellsberg
Michael Gilfix
Michael Goodman
Michael J. Hutter, Jr.
Michael Kelly
Michael Milken
Michael Miller
Michael Montemurro
Michael Upchurch
Michael Westcott
Michael Zalewski
Michele Fuller
Michele Whitmore
Mickey Rooney
Millennium Settlements
Minnesota
minors' settlements
misrepresentation
MMSEA
model settlement agreement
Model State Structured Settlement Protection Act
modern portfolio theory
Monarch Capital
Moody's Investors Services
Morris Klein
Mraz case
MSA
MSP
MSSC
Murphy v. IRS
Mutual of Omaha
NAELA
NAELA Journal
NAELA Summit
NAIC
NAMSAP
NASP
National Academy of Elder Law Attorneys
National Alliance of Medicare Set-Aside Professionals
National Association of Settlement Purchasers
National Indemnity
national litigation management study
National Settlement Consultants
National Structured Settlement Trade Association
National Taxpayer Advocate
National Underwriter
NBI
NCCUSL
NCOIL Model Act
Neil Johnson
Neil Kimmelfield
Neil Winston
New York
New York Daily News
New York Life
New York Liquidation Bureau
New York Times
NIDRR
nolhga
non-qualified assignments
North Carolina
novation
Novation Capital
NSSTA
NSSTA University
Nuquest Bridge Pointe
nurse life care planning
NY Department of Financial Services
OBRA 1993
off-shore
Ohio
OSERS
Pacific Life
Paralympic games
Paris & Chaikin
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
Patricia Dudek
Patricia LaBorde
Patricia Sitchler
Patrick Hindert
Patrick Williams
Peachtree Settlement Funding
peer instruction
Pennsylvania Rule 229.2
Periodic Payment Judgments
Periodic Payments
person-centered planning
Pery Krinsky
Peter Arnold
Peter Bickford
Peter Foley
Peter Gallanis
Peter Lee
Peter R. Kahana
Peter Vodola
Peter Wayne
PFAC
Phillip Krause
Phillip McCrury
Pi-Yi Mayo
Pipitone Group
plaintiff attorneys
PLR
PLR-143928-13
POMS
pooled trust
practice standards
primary market
privacy
product suitability
professional practice standards
protection acts
Protocols
Prudential Life
public offering
Public Policy
QSF Symposium
Qualified Assignments
Qualified Settlement Funds
Rafael Gonzales
Randy Dyer
Randy Snow
Rapid Settlements
rated age
rated ages
ratining agencies
Ravi Vaswani
re-cycled payment rights
re-cycled structured settlements
Rebecca Levenson
Rebecca Metzger
Rebecca Morgan
reference guide
registered settlement planner
reinsurance
Release 61
Reliance Insurance Company
Rene Reixach, Jr.
Renee Lovelace
Restatement (Second) of Law of Contracts
Restatement (Second) of Torts
Rev. Oliver Williams
Rhode Island Factoring
Rhonda Bentzen
Richard Halpern
Richard Nahill
Richard Risk
Richard Susskind
Richard Woollams
RIN: 0938-AR43
Ringler Associates
risk based capital
RLS
Robert W. Wood
Roberta Flowers
Robin Krooks
Robin Shaffert
Robin Shapiro
Roger Christensen
Roy Franco
RSL Funding
Russ Sutter
Ryan Garrison
Ryan Jandreau
S. 2731
S.B. 1672
S2KM Limited
s2p2j
Sally Greenberg
Sanders v. JGWPT Holdings
Scott McDonald
Scott Solkoff
Sean Coleman
SEC
SEC Bulletin
SEC Rule 10b-5
Secondary Insurance Markets
secondary market
secondary market law
Section 8 housing
securitizations
Seiger Gfeller Laurie
senior claims executives
Serena Fitchard
servicing arrangements
Seth Cardeli
settlement
settlement consulting
Settlement Funding v. Brenston
settlement planners
Settlement Planning
settlement planning market
Settlement Planning Practicum
Settlement Transfers
Settlement Trustees
Settlement Trusts
Shannon Fitzgerald
Sharon Pope
Shirley Whitenack
shortfall letters
Single Claimant 468B Settlement Funds
single-claimant
Small Business Job Protection Act
SMART Act
SNT Fairness Act
social media
Social Networks
Social Security Administration
Society of Settlement Planners
sole benefit rule
Sound Knowledge Strategies
Special Needs
Special Needs Alliance
special needs attorneys
special needs planning
special needs settlement planning
Special Needs Trust Fairness Act
Special Needs Trusts
Special Olympics
Spencer v. Hartford
split payment
Spooner Phillips
SSA Trust Guide
SSA trust review procedures
SSI
SSI Advocacy Committee
SSI Regional Counsel
ssp
SSP Standards
Standard & Poor's
standards
state guaranty funds
state protection statutes
statistics
Stephen Dale
Stephen R. Harris
Stetson Law School
Steve Halterbeck
Steve Komrska
Steven M. Bierman
Stewart Stockdale
Stone Street Capital
Strategic Capital
strategic thinking
stressed-induced physical ailments
Structured Attorney Fees
structured settlement
structured settlement agents
Structured Settlement Annuity
Structured Settlement Annuity Premium
Structured Settlement Caucus
structured settlement credo
structured settlement documentation
Structured Settlement Law
structured settlement payment rights
Structured Settlement Public Policy
structured settlement secondary market
structured settlement stakeholders
Structured settlement surveys
Structured Settlement Thought Leadership Conference
structured settlement transaction diagram
structured settlement transfers
structured settlement wiki
Structured Settlements
Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments
Structures 202
subrogation
suitability in annuity transactions
supported decision-making
Supremacy Clause
Susan Clark
Sylvius von Saucken
Symetra
Taus, Cebulash & Landau
tax receivable agreements
tax structuring
Taxonomies
Taylor Smith
Texas
The Arc
The Noble Lawyer
The Settlement Services Group
Theresa Varnet
Thomas Begley
Thomas F. Spratt
Thomas Ricks
Thomas Ronce
Tim Denehy
Tim Nay
Timothy Morbach
Timothy O'Driscoll
Tom Adams
Tony Robinson
Tony West
Tort Reform
Towers Watson
Travelers
Treasury securities
Trial Magazine
Tricia Laborde
trust
trustee
TSSG
Tulsa College of Law
U.S. tort costs
U.S. Treasury
U.S. v. Stricker
Unauthorized Practice of Law
Uniform Prudent Investors Act
United States tort costs
United States Treasury
United States v. Windsor
University of Notre Dame
University of Texas
University of Texas Law School
unprogram
UPIA
USAA
variable
Vermont
Victor Matheson
Victoria Collier
Vincent Russo
Wall Street Journal
Warren Hersch
Washington Post
Washington Square v. RSL Funding
wcmsa
wcmsa portal
WCMSA Self-Administration Toolkit
Web 2.0
Web 2.0 for Lawyers
webinar
Weil lawsuit
Wendie A. Howland
West Virginia House Bill 4380
wiki
willfully uninsured plaintiffs
William Browning
William Chriss
William Goodman
William Neff
William Schemmel
William T. Robinson lll
William Tocchi
Wisconsin
workers compensation
WOS v. E.M.A.
Wrongful Imprisonment
Zacks
October 27, 2013
Growing the Primary Market - 3
To help its members reverse declining growth of primary market annuity premium, the National Structured Settlement Trade Association (NSSTA) has transfigured it annual Fall Educational Conference into a members-only "Marketing Boot Camp" scheduled for November 5-6 in Dallas, Texas.
NSSTA's boot camp training agenda, "designed
to help every member who attends learn how to increase the number of
referrals they get from their clients and how to develop new clients", is featured on the NSSTA website as well as this prior S2KM blog post.
NSSTA
should be congratulated for prioritizing marketing as a critical
business skill set for its members. The announced agenda, however, omits the most fundamental marketing issue every professional association should ask itself: "what business are we in?", or, stated somewhat differently, "in what markets do we participate?"
By failing to address these fundamental questions, NSSTA's marketing conference appears to perpetuate "inside-the-box" strategic thinking
responsible, in part, for recent sales declines of the structured settlement
product which benefits from public policy endorsement, multiple tax
preferences and statutory consumer protection.
NSSTA's
strategic failure to understand and expand its own business results, in
part, from NSSTA's poorly conceived effort to stiff-arm two legislative
and regulatory developments which should improve the structured settlement
product:
Qualified Settlement Funds (QSFs) -
Defined in Regs. 1.468B and made applicable to structured settlements
by Rev. Proc. 93-34, QSFs provide benefits for both plaintiffs and
defendants. They also provide an ideal funding mechanism to
strategically position structured settlements within the $170 billion
annual U.S. personal injury settlement planning market. Instead of embracing and
marketing QSFs, however, NSSTA and its members have created and promoted
a "single claimant" roadblock because they are unable to solve
their own compensation issues. As a result, NSSTA has prevented its
members, and its structured settlement product, from effectively
competing in the dynamic personal injury settlement planning market.
Structured Settlement Transfers
- IRC 5891 and the state structured settlement protection statutes have
solidified structured settlement transfers (i.e. factoring
transactions) into a growing market that complements and potentially
expands the traditional primary market. The ability of structured
settlement recipients to sell their payment rights subject to judicial
oversight and approval arguably improves the structured settlement
product by adding a liquidity feature in the event of "over structuring"
or unanticipated cash requirements. Instead of capitalizing on
settlement transfers to improve and expand its market, NSSTA (through bylaw amendments)
has threatened its members with suspension or expulsion if they
sollicit or promote secondary market transactions. By continuing to
criticize "structured settlement factoring", without participating in the secondary market, NSSTA and its members undermine their own product.
In addition to these missed opportunities, NSSTA and its members have failed to fully analyze and adapt their products to the expanding special needs planning market.
When NSSTA thinks "strategically" about "special needs",
they focus narrowly and inwardly on a single product application (i.e.
structured settlement funding for special needs trusts) instead of
expansively and proactively about the special needs community within
which annuities (not just structured settlement annuities) and life
insurance represent critical financial products.
Except for one settlement trust company, not a single NSSTA member attended this year's Academy of Special Needs Planners (ASNP) annual meeting or National Academy of Elder Law Attorneys (NAELA) annual meeting - both of which featured presentations about structured settlements.
Since hosting its first "Special Needs Summit" in 2010, NAELA
(with more than 4000 members) has substantially expanded its focus on
the special needs market - including structured settlements. Beginning
this year, NAELA has designated October as "National Special Needs Law Month"
during which NAELA's members are providing (marketing) free education
about special needs legal issues to the special needs community.
Despite NSSTA's past mistakes, its first-ever marketing boot camp represents a step in the right direction - especially if the boot camp encourages NSSTA and its members to more closely examine their own changing marketplace.
In a current Washington Post article titled "Can the Military Learn from its Mistakes?", Thomas Ricks offers two observations
about the U.S. military which appear equally applicable to NSSTA as it prepares for its "boot camp" and
could provide a strategic focus for improving and growing the structured
settlement market:
Quoting James Dobbin: "our military shows 'continued inability to come to closure' on some controversial issues".
The military "doesn't
encourage adaptive leaders to rise to the top, as they find and
implement changes in response to the failures of the past decade."
For additional S2KM blog posts discussing how to grow the structured settlement primary market, see the structured settlement wiki.
For an informative financial perspective about special needs planning, see the M&L Special Needs Planning website.
S2KM Limited on October 27, 2013 in Academy of Special Needs Planners, asnp, business standards and practices, Factoring, IRC 468B, NAELA, National Academy of Elder Law Attorneys, National Structured Settlement Trade Association, NSSTA, Qualified Settlement Funds, S2KM Limited, secondary market, Settlement Planning, settlement planning market, Settlement Transfers, Special Needs, special needs attorneys, special needs settlement planning, structured settlement, Structured Settlement Annuity Premium, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement transfers, structured settlement wiki, Thomas Ricks
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
October 03, 2013
Growing the Primary Market
Many industry observers view the United States structured settlement
primary market as a strategic, underperforming segment
of the larger personal injury settlement planning market.
Structured settlement industry surveys and Towers Watson's annual updates of "U.S. Tort Cost Trends" provide additional evidence the primary market has not yet achieved its full potential.
Using 2008 as a baseline, the primary market annuity premium has steadily declined during the past four years:
2008 - $6.2 billion
2009 - $5.4 billion
2010 - $5.5 billion
2011 - $4.97 billion
2012 - $4.82 billion
Sales
results for the first six months of 2013 suggest structured settlement
production will continue its downward trend this year - or, at least,
fall far below the premium levels achieved from 2001 to 2008.
Among
the explanations for this declining primary market, industry leaders
frequently mention: 1) the 2008 financial crisis; 2) historically low
interest rates; 3) new regulatory restrictions; 4) the Executive Life of New
York (ELNY) liquidation; and 5) the departure of several product providers
including: Allstate, John Hancock, Symetra and Hartford.
Although
members of the National Structured Settlement Trade Association (NSSTA)
and the Society of Settlement Planners (SSP) have sought answers and
proposed strategies to reverse this downward trend and grow the primary
market, they have not been successful.
What is needed to grow the primary structured settlement market?
During
the past few weeks, Patrick Hindert (S2KM's blog author) has
participated in discussions exploring this question with a group of
individuals including insurance executives who see underdeveloped
opportunities in the primary structured settlement market.
One of these
individuals is Daniel Durbin, a former NSSTA President and Senior Sales
Manager with Allstate Life. Durbin currently is
speaking with structured settlement industry leaders to obtain their
input and evaluate their interest in representing a potential new product provider. In addition to conducting a
broker survey, Durbin will be attending NSSTA's 2013 Fall Marketing
Meeting November 5-6 in Dallas, Texas for additional one-on-one
meetings.
"Members of our industry perform a vital
public policy function by advocating for the financial well being of
physically injured claimants", Durbin stated during a recent telephone interview. "In addition, we serve as important resources for all parties in personal injury negotiations."
"To jump start primary market growth", Durbin added: "we need new, more competitive product providers. To
that end, I am contacting industry leaders to solicit their suggestions
and support for my current efforts to expand and improve structured
settlement product provider options."
S2KM Limited on October 03, 2013 in 2013, Daniel Durbin, National Structured Settlement Trade Association, NSSTA, Patrick Hindert, primary market, settlement planning market, Society of Settlement Planners, ssp, structured settlement, Structured Settlement Public Policy, Towers Watson
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
January 15, 2013
Secondary Market Update
DBRS 2013 Outlook
DBRS,
a rating agency that covers various structured finance product groups
including structured settlement payment rights, has published its 2013 Outlook
for commercial asset-backed securities. Among DBRS' observations and
projections for the structured settlement secondary market:
"From
the structural and rating perspective, implementation of the
restructuring plan for Executive Life Insurance Company of New York
provides a rare and valuable glimpse into the insurer liquidation
process and adds evidence to the expected recovery proceeds assumptions
in case of default by an insurer in the future."
"Based
on the estimated 15% increase in issuance in 2012 to $630 million, DBRS
expects further 10%+ increase in issuance in 2013 amid the continuing
popularity of the asset class among certain investors."
"Expected
steady collateral performance in 2013 will be supported by low
delinquencies and improving condition of the insurance industry."
Based upon interviews with industry experts, S2KM previously estimated total 2012 structured settlement secondary market profit of $120 million calculated as follows:
$1 billion received from investors;
Less: $360 million paid to transferors;
Equals: $640 million of revenue;
Less: $520 million of expenses;
Equals: $120 million of profits.
The difference between S2KM's estimated "$1 billion received from investors" and DBRS' estimated $630 million of "issuance" (meaning presumably "total face amount of structured settlement collateral debt obligations sold to investors") can be explained by two factors according to industry experts:
Except for J.G. Wentworth (JGW) and Peachtree Settlement Funding (Peachtree),
most structured settlement factoring companies and brokers currently do
not obtain financial ratings when they re-sell structured settlement
payment rights.
JGW,
Peachtree and other issuers of rated bonds backed by structured
settlement payment rights in 2012 may receive as much as $50 million of
additional income from investors in the form of residuals, servicing
rights and other income over time.
Drinker Biddle Structured Settlement Alert
Drinker Biddle's website
features summaries of two recent cases where state court judges in
Florida and California have denied proposed transfers of structured
settlement payments rights paid pursuant to awards under the Longshore
Act and the California workers compensation statute, respectively.
In each case, the objecting structured settlement annuity issuer was represented by Drinker Biddle attorneys.
In the Florida case (In Re: Approval for Transfer of Structured Settlement Proceeds by Derrick Robotham),
Circuit Court Judge Michelle Morley held the proposed transfer would
contravene Federal law which prohibits assignment of Longshore Act
payments. It would not, therefore, satisfy the requirements of the
Florida structured settlement protection act which prohibits transfers
that would violate or conflict with any applicable law.
In the California case (In Re Rudy Andrade),
Superior Court Judge Amy D. Hogue applied similar reasoning in denying a
petition seeking court approval for the transfer of a payee’s rights to
payments under a workers’ compensation settlement. Among other
findings, Judge Hogue held that the California structured settlement
statute does not apply to transfers of workers' compensation payments.
In addition, according to the Judge, the proposed transfer contravened:
1) the California Labor Code which prohibits assignment of workers'
compensation payments; 2) California common law because the release
agreement signed by the payee prohibited assignment of payments; and 3) a
prior order of the California Workers' Compensation Appeals Board that
also expressly prohibited assignment of the payments.
Additional Resources
For S2KM's complete reporting about the structured settlement secondary market, see the structured settlement wiki.
For more comprehensive legal analysis about transfers of structured settlement payment rights, see Chapter 16 of "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments" (S2P2J).
S2KM Limited on January 15, 2013 in "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments", 2013, business standards and practices, DBRS, Drinker Biddle, ELNY, ELNY liquidation, Executive Life of New York, Factoring, J.G. Wentworth, metrics and analytics, Peachtree Settlement Funding, S2KM Limited, s2p2j, secondary market, Settlement Planning, Settlement Transfers, state protection statutes, structured settlement, structured settlement payment rights, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement secondary market, structured settlement transfers, structured settlement wiki, Structured Settlements
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
October 24, 2012
NASP 2012 Annual Conference - 3
The National Association of Settlement Purchasers (NASP)
hosted its 8th annual educational conference October 16-19, 2012 in New
Orleans with a record number of attendees consisting of transfer
company executives and staff, in-house and outside legal counsel,
investors, service providers and, for the first time, primary market
participants.
NASP President Matthew Bracy set the conference theme by challenging speakers and attendees to continue to improve the structured settlement secondary market: "We
have some of the brightest minds in the country assembled here to
discuss the status of this industry and how to improve what we do. And,
as is our habit, we have invited people who might have critical things
to say about how we are doing and what we can do better. Improvement can
only come from the honest and sometimes harsh assessment of outside
critics."
One of those critics was keynote speaker Jan Schlictmann who called out "cash now" advertizing as a "primitive denomination".
Schlichtmann's broader message echoed Bracy's theme of bettering
oneself through self-criticism and the need for higher industry goals. "It is not just who we serve that matters, but how we serve",
Schlictmann stated. Schlictmann reviewed his client experience with
structured settlements and acknowledged a personal paradigm shift
resulting from recent industry developments including low interest rates
and the ELNY liquidation.
The Judges Panel has become a regular and popular feature of NASP educational conferences. Moderator Earl Nesbitt encouraged this year's panel members, Judge Patricia Wise, Chancery Court Judge, Hinds County, Mississippi and Judge Dean Lum,
Superior Court for King County, Washington, to share their concerns
about structured settlement transfers and their advice for transfer
company representatives and attorneys. Selected highlights:
Judge Wise: "We
(Mississippi judges) have a good relationship with transfer attorneys. I
don't look at transfers as inherently good or bad. I don't have any
preconceived notion whether to approve or disapprove."
Judge Lum: "It
is not my job to talk someone into or out of a transfer. Judges,
however, think about the worst case scenario - a recipient who has just
turned 18. The closer to this worst case scenario, the more scrutiny a
person receives."
Judge Wise: "What judges are
looking for is credibility and what structured settlement payees say
they will do with the funds. We do focus on whether prior transfers have
occurred. Also, the older the payee, the more likely they have the
ability to make a good decision."
Judge Lum: "Attorneys
should prepare the structured settlement payee for his or her court
appearance - how to dress and behave; how the best interest test
applies; what the impact will be on dependents."
Judge Lum: "We
have a saying in King County: 'there is no party like ex parte'. In
unopposed cases, people try to run things by you. Its kind of like the
wild west. In unopposed cases, it is important for attorneys to go the
extra mile. Your reputation matters. There are two degrees of separation
in the legal profession."
Another regular and popular feature of NASP educational conferences are the small group break out sessions. The individual breakout sessions S2KM attended addressed participants' state-specific experience with:
Court Approval Issues - judicial negotiation of discount rates; the meaning of full disclosure; statutory history of the "best interest"
test; independent professional advisor qualifications and fees;
transfer application exhibits; and the importance of judicial education.
Underwriting Issues - annuity provider transfer requirements; "applicable state laws"
requirements; judgment creditor issues including bankruptcy and child
support; annuity provider administrative fees; and problems related to
incompetent payees, identity theft and relatives or friends coercing
payees.
The NASP conference doubled down on underwriting issues with an informative presentation about "Life Contingent Transactions" by NASP President-elect Patricia LaBorde.
LaBorde, who also served as Chairperson for the 2012 NASP conference
and was credited with upgrading the NASP website, discussed the two
paths for funding life contingent transactions:
Purchasing a life insurance policy to hedge against the risk of an early annuitant death; or
Evaluating the risk and pricing the risk into the transaction.
Jack Kelly, a federal lobbyist who assisted NASP in securing enactment of IRC 5891 in 2002, provided a Legislative Update. Kelly summarized NASP's 2012 involvement with legislative proposals in Vermont, Minnesota and New Hampshire. Vermont, in 2012, became the 48th state to enact a structured settlement protection statute. The new Vermont statute
is generally based upon the NCOIL Model Act with some variations
related to independent professional advisors, notice requirements for
certain state agencies and the required court appearance by the
structured settlement payee.
Earl Nesbitt, NASP's Executive Director and General Counsel, presented the 2012 Litigation Update. Among several important court decisions, Nesbitt highlighted the Stone Street v. McClendon case which he characterized as an "important victory"
for NASP and the structured settlement industry in general. In
McClendon, a Louisiana state court found that Travelers Insurance and
MetLife had no grounds for withholding payments following a valid
transfer of payment rights pursuant to the Louisiana structured
settlement protection statute. The court ordered MetLife to pay interest from the date the payments were originally due. Note: S2KM will publish a more detailed review of the McClendon case in a subsequent blog post.
Attorney Joseph Feltes' 2012 NASP presentation titled "Privacy Issues in Structured Settlement Transactions (Part 2)"
supplemented his 2011 NASP presentation on the use and disclosure of
confidential information by transfer companies. This year, Feltes
discussed privacy issues related to electronic and digital
communications, especially Internet-based communications. Among other
issues, Feltes highlighted: cyber-bullying; the increase in defamation
cases; the blurred boundaries between public and private communications;
FTC blog rules requiring disclosures of paid endorsements; social media
policy and practices; limits on constitutional rights; cloud technology
issues; and the importance of company Internet policies.
In his "Primary Market Update", Mark Wahlstrom
emphasized why the primary and secondary structured settlement markets
are part of the same business. He called the primary market "the secondary market's best friend" despite the primary market's criticism of, and "needless obstacles" for, the secondary market. As one example of "needless obstacles", Wahlstrom mentioned Chartis for aggressively promoting an anti-factoring pledge among its structured settlement brokers.
Wahlstrom described 2012 as "another bad year for the primary market". He characterized declines in primary market annuity premium as a "negative trend that will eventually impact the secondary market" and identified the following causes:
The structured settlement is an insular, closed community with aging leadership and a shrinking sales force.
Structured settlement annuity providers, and most brokers, lack marketing and innovation skills.
Primary market participants are intimidated by the Internet.
Instead of offering customer solutions, the primary market continues to sell a single product.
With historically low interest rates, that product produces a zero return when you consider inflation.
The primary market has not responded strategically to tort reform and increasing competition from other professionals.
By continuing their "factoring wars", the primary market has missed opportunities to cooperate with the secondary market.
The
ELNY liquidation means the primary market can no longer claim all
structured settlement recipients have received 100% of their payments.
Kira Brereton, an attorney who specializes in asset-backed securitizations, provided a comprehensive introduction to "Financing Structured Settlements".
Her presentation: reviewed a typical transaction structure; provided a
market overview including legal and regulatory developments; summarized
rating agency considerations; discussed split payment issues; addressed
the creditworthiness of insurers backing the collateral pools;
considered bankruptcy and receivership issues; and highlighted relevant
securities laws and regulations including the Investment Company Act of
1940, private placements, Dodd-Frank and Regulation AB 2.0.
Elizabeth Yingling, a securities law expert, discussed "Implications of Federal and States Securities Laws on Structured Settlements". She addressed fundamental issues such as: What statutes
govern securities? What is a "security"? What is an "investment
contract"? and How do promotional materials impact the analysis? In addition,
Yingling offered a detailed analysis of the "Howey test" and provided practical tips.
Alexander Hamilton Award
NASP also named S2KM blog author, Patrick Hindert, as the 2012 recipient of its Alexander Hamilton Award. NASP has bestowed this award five times "to
distinguished individuals who have supported and defended the right to
free alienability of property rights. This right is the corner stone of
NASP and the foundation of the structured settlement factoring
business." Previous Alexander Hamilton Award recipients:
State Senator Alan Sanborn of Michigan.
U.S. Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia.
State Representative Van Tran of California.
Earl S. Nesbitt, Esq., of Texas.
In announcing the 2012 award, NASP President Matt Bracy stated: "Hindert
was chosen to receive this award based upon his longstanding support of
the factoring business and option. In particular, his position as a
founder and leader in the primary structured settlement business, who
early on recognized the legitimacy and value of the secondary market,
led to this honor."
For complete S2KM reporting on NASP conferences plus other structured settlement and settlement planning conferences, see the structured settlement wiki.
S2KM Limited on October 24, 2012 in Alexander Hamilton Award, business standards and practices, Chartis, Dodd Frank, Earl S. Nesbitt, Elizabeth Yingling, ELNY liquidation, Factoring, Jack Kelly, Jan Schlichtmann, Joe Feltes, Judge Dean Lum, Judge Patricia Wise, Kira Brereton, Mark Wahlstrom, Matthew Bracy, MetLife, NASP, National Association of Settlement Purchasers, Patricia LaBorde, Patrick Hindert, S2KM Limited, Settlement Transfers, state protection statutes, structured settlement, structured settlement agents, Structured Settlement Annuity, Structured Settlement Annuity Premium, structured settlement payment rights, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement secondary market, structured settlement transfers, structured settlement wiki, Travelers
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
March 23, 2012
ELNY Liquidation Hearing - 4
The Executive Life of New York (ELNY) Liquidation Hearing enters its seventh day today before Judge John M. Galasso in Room 35 of the Nassau County State Supreme Court Building in
Mineola, New York. This blog post provides a summary update for S2KM
readers. Note: see also the Addendum.
Days 1 and 2 - Attorneys for ELNY's Receiver, the Superintendent of the New York
State Department of Financial Services (Superintendent), and the
National Organization of Life and Health Guaranty Associations (NOLHGA)
present their case for ELNY's liquidation and approval of a proposed
Restructuring Agreement to create successor company Guaranty Association
Benefits Company (GABC). They present two witnesses: Jonathan Bing, Special Deputy Superintendent of the New York Liquidation Bureau (NYLB), and expert witness Jack Gibson,
a Managing Director of Towers Watson.
Attorneys for ELNY structured
settlement shortfall victims cross examine Bing and begin their
cross-examination of Gibson. Before the Superintendent's attorneys
complete their case, Judge Galasso allows ELNY structured settlement shortfall victims attending the hearing to offer oral testimony as an accommodation to their travel schedules.
Day 3 - Attorneys for ELNY structured settlement shortfall victims continue their cross examination of Gibson. Judge Galasso denies their motion to compel immediate disclosure of source materials relied upon by
Gibson as well as copies of all objections filed in connection with the
Petition to liquidate and restructure ELNY.
Attorneys for the shortfall
victims had argued that claims of confidentiality by the Superintendent
intentionally deprived their clients of full and fair access to
important and relevant information and, accordingly, a full and fair
opportunity to challenge the Superintendent's proposed ELNY
Restructuring Agreement. They also claimed it is "extremely prejudicial" to require them to cross-examine Gibson ("a highly skilled actuary") without access to the source data and assumptions he used to perform his calculations.
Day 4 - Attorneys representing ELNY structured settlement shortfall victims continue cross-examining Gibson. Judge Galasso agrees to two of their requests:
a reservation of rights to call a witness representing NOLHGA to
testify about participating Guaranty Association (PGA) coverage amounts
and issues; and a Microsoft Excel version of Schedule 1.15 of the
proposed ELNY Restructuring Agreement. In addition to Day 2 testimony
from ELNY structured settlement shortfall victims, their attorneys have also entered documents into the Court record including:
Written and oral statements by ELNY structured settlement shortfall victims;
A Society of Actuaries Structured Settlement Mortality Study;
An article titled "The Trouble with ELNY" written by Peter Bickford.
Day 5 - Attorneys from Hogan Lovells, representing Travelers Insurance Company as an "Objector", use their opportunity to cross-examine Gibson to show their support for the proposed Restructuring Agreement. Note: Hogan Lovells also serves as General Counsel for the National Structured
Settlement Trade Association (NSSTA).
Cynthia Lindsey,
an attorney representing a Michigan structured settlement shortfall
victim, reaches the opposite conclusion during her cross examination of
Gibson. After quoting dictionary definitions for "fair" and "just", Lindsey characterizes the proposed Restructuring Agreement as "a bunch of bull" telling Gibson: "You are asking this Honorable Court to approve this plan based upon your assumptions. You don't have facts." After repeated questioning by Lindsey, Gibson acknowledges NOLHGA has paid Gibson's employer, Towers Watson, "more than $3 million" since 2006 for their ELNY consulting work.
On re-direct examination, attorneys for the Superintendent (Sidley Austin) and NOLHGA (Faegre Baker Daniels) encourage Gibson to repeat claims from his earlier testimony that the proposed ELNY Restructuring Agreement represents the "best plan" and that none of the ELNY payees will be worse off compared with a straight liquidation.
Day 6 - Edward Stone, an attorney representing several structured settlement shortfall victims, continues questioning Gibson on re-cross examination. Stone questions whether all shortfall victims will be better off under the proposed Restructuring Agreement compared with a straight liquidation.
In a straight liquidation, ELNY shortfall victims could receive full
coverage payments from PGAs instead of net payments under the proposed
Restructuring Agreement. Stone also introduces the idea of an alternative restructuring plan for ELNY and asks Gibson whether he considered various plan options.
Among Stone's suggested alternatives: 1) discounting ELNY's future deferred lump sum obligations to reduce
ELNY's future liabilities and provide immediate cash for ELNY payees;
and 2) selling ELNY to an existing life insurance company that could
benefit from (and pay a premium for) ELNY's net operating loss carryforwards. Note: in an earlier interview with the Courthouse News Service, Stone stated he could develop a more "fair and equitable" alternative ELNY restructuring plan if he had access to the same information provided NOLHGA and Gibson since 2006.
When Gibson finally steps down (after six days of testimony and cross-examination), attorneys for the Superintendent and NOLHGA call NOLHGA's President, Peter Gallanis as a witness. On cross-examination, Carrie Tendler,
an attorney representing multiple structured settlement shortfall
victims, gets Gallanis to confirm that PGA contributions under the
Superintendent's proposed Restructuring Agreement will be "net amounts" - i.e. their full coverage caps minus credits for current ELNY assets.
The
ELNY Liquidation Hearing resumes Friday March 23, 2012 with Tendler
continuing her cross-examination of Gallanis. For S2KM's complete
reporting about ELNY, see the structured settlement wiki.
Day 7 ADDENDUM - Testimony by, and cross-examination of,
NOLHGA's President Peter Gallanis continued on Friday March 23 eliciting
the following information: Gallanis acknowleged GABC has not yet
selected an investment manager or developed an investment strategy.
Attorneys for structured settlement shortfall victims raised two issues
related to the proposed ELNY Restructuring Agreement:
Orphan contract enhancements create a potential public
policy issue because they shift available funds that could be paid to
other ELNY shortfall payees.
If an ELNY structured settlement
payee with life contingent payments dies, that payee could receive less
than the present value posted on Schedule 1.15 creating a potential
legal claim for his/her estate.
The ELNY Hearing
continues on Monday March 26 with attorneys for the ELNY structured
settlement shortfall victims expected to present witnesses.
S2KM Limited on March 23, 2012 in Carrie Tendler, Courthouse News Service, Cynthia Lindsey, Disclosure, ELNY, ELNY liquidation, elny restructuring agreement, ELNY Schedule 1.15, Executive Life of New York, Guaranty Association Benefits Company, Jack Gibson, Jonathan Bing, Judge John Galasso, National Structured Settlement Trade Association, New York Liquidation Bureau, nolhga, NSSTA, NY Department of Financial Services, Peter Bickford, Peter Gallanis, S2KM Limited, state guaranty funds, Structured Settlement Annuity, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement wiki, Structured Settlements, Towers Watson
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
March 10, 2012
ELNY Objections and Replies
On March 15, 2012, the Supreme Court of Nassau County New York (Court) is scheduled to consider a Petition by the Superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services (Superintendent) for an Order of Liquidation and Approval of a Restructuring Agreement for Executive Life Insurance Company of New York (ELNY).
In response to the proposed ELNY Liquidation Order and Restructuring Agreement, approximately 130 persons and/or companies have filed objections. On March 1, 2012, Eric T. Schneiderman, Attorney General for the State of New York and Attorney for the Superintendent, filed an "Omnibus
Reply Memorandum of Law in Response to the Objections to the Proposed
Liquidation of ELNY and Distribution of ELNY's Assets Pursuant to the
Restructuring Agreement" (Reply Memorandum).
The Reply Memorandum consists of 56 pages plus an Exhibit A titled "List of Objections".
Exhibit A identifies individual objectors (presumably ELNY annuity
payees) by contract number and liability insurers (presumably ELNY "buy and hold"
annuity owners) by name. Exhibit A also identifies a couple of
structured settlement factoring companies as objectors. Among the Reply Memorandum's conclusions:
"No
interested person has come forward with a viable alternative or
proposed statutorily compliant changes to the Restructuring Agreement
that would increase benefit payments to ELNY Contract policyholders and
payees above those already provided for and guaranteed under the
Restructuring Agreement."
"The Court should overrule the
objections submitted and issue an order declaring ELNY to be insolvent
and directing the liquidation of ELNY on the terms set forth in the
Restructuring Agreement."
S2KM summarized the Reply Memorandum as well as two other recent ELNY Court filings in a prior blog post. In this blog post, S2KM summarizes the ELNY objections and the Superintendent's replies as set forth in the Reply Memorandum. For S2KM's complete coverage of the ELNY liquidation, including an Executive Life timeline, see the structured settlement wiki.
Benefit Reductions
Objection- ELNY annuity benefit payments should not be reduced because:
A reduction in benefits will cause extreme hardship.
The terms of the ELNY annuity contracts prohibit a reduction in payments.
Many
of the ELNY annuity contract were issued pursuant to structured
settlement agreements approved by court orders that cannot be abrogated.
Assurances were received that the ELNY structured settlement annuity payments would be guaranteed.
Superintendent's Reply
These
objections cannot outweigh the necessity for an order of liquidation
because ELNY’s current assets are insufficient to cover the claims of
all creditors.
Without liquidation, insolvency will continue to
worsen and ELNY will exhaust its assets without the ability to meet its
future annuity payment obligations.
Upon a finding of insolvency
and the issuance of an order of liquidation, ELNY will cease to exist
and the Superintendent, as liquidator, will be vested with discretionary
authority to dispose of ELNY’s assets and to compromise its claims in
accordance with New York Insurance Law Section 7435 in the manner
directed by this Court.
As a result, prior orders and
contractual obligations regarding payments do not form a valid basis for
objecting to the approval of the Restructuring Agreement.
The Restructuring Agreement maximizes benefits and minimizes the risk of disruption and loss to ELNY policyholders and payees.
Additional Disclosure
Objection - More information is needed to determine whether objections exist to the Restructuring Agreement.
Superintendent's Reply
This
objection is not grounds for rejecting the Restructuring Agreement
because the information sought has been provided or is premature and
unnecessary for the Court’s consideration and approval of the
Restructuring Agreement.
The Superintendent has been working to
provide objectors with all of the information requested, most of which
has already been disclosed including recently completed Exhibit 6.1.2,
the Supplemental Benefits Reinsurance and Participation Agreement.
Objection - The Restructuring Agreement and its exhibits and schedules have not been finalized and executed.
Superintendent's Reply
The
reason for seeking approval of the Restructuring Agreement as drafted
is to allow flexibility for making non-material changes to successfully
close the Restructuring Agreement without negatively impacting ELNY
policyholders and payees.
The Superintendent does not object to
the Court considering and resolving any objections filed after the
January 16, 2012 deadline to the extent they concern disclosures or
changes made after that date.
The Superintendent is negotiating a draft "facilitation plan" with NOLHGA, on behalf of GABC, and certain annuity owners, which is not a closing condition to the Restructuring Agreement.
Even
without the facilitation plan, ELNY policyholders and annuitants will
still receive the same benefit payments from GABC plus whatever
supplemental payments they are entitled to from responsible annuity
owners.
Objection - The
Superintendent did not provide sufficient information and/or assurances
concerning the financial ability of GABC to meet its future obligations
to ELNY policyholders and payees.
Superintendent's Reply
The
Superintendent did not present additional financial information
concerning the assets and liabilities of GABC at the time of filing the
Verified Petition.
Reason: except for GABC's New York Article 75
guaranty payments (less than 5 percent of total liabilities), GABC's
liabilities will be guaranteed by state guaranty associations or life
insurance companies.
Because of this objection, however, the
Superintendent has filed an expert report of Jack Gibson and an
affidavit of Jonathan Bing and intends to present their testimony as
well as Ivy Chang's testimony on March 15, 2012. Note: Gibson's report plus the affidavits of Bing and Chang are posted on the ELNY website. S2KM summarized Gibson's report and Bing's affidavit in this prior blog post and Chang's affidavit in this prior blog post.
The
Superintendent also promises to provide additional information
concerning Schedule 1.15, including guaranty association coverage,
enhancements, and the treatment of third parties with rights under
assignments of annuity benefit payments in accordance with Article 74 of
the Insurance Law.
Objection - The
Restructuring Agreement is subject to change after Court approval
including Schedule 1.15, participating guaranty association (PGA)
coverage, and/or the extent of third-party rights to payments from PGAs.
Superintendent's Reply
Prior notices to ELNY policyholders and annuitants explained that information about possible benefit reductions was “estimated” and “subject to change”.
Note: the Superintendent has revised the proposed Restructuring Agreement as of March 6, 2012.
The Superintendent promises to file with the Court an updated Schedule 1.15 prior to the March 15, 2012 hearing on the Petition.
Under
the applicable statutes, however, Schedule 1.15 cannot be finalized
until after court approval of the Restructuring Agreement to allow
sufficient time for resolution of any Section 1.15-related disputes.
After the Court approves the Restructuring Agreement, Schedule 1.15 will also change to the extent:
An
ELNY policyholder moves, provides updated address information, or dies,
which could alter PGA coverage and/or ELNY’s contractual obligations;
The
total assets and liabilities of ELNY change to a sufficient degree to
alter the projected pro rata percentage distribution of ELNY’s assets to
all ELNY policyholders and payees;
A PGA determines that an ELNY policyholder or payee is or is not entitled to coverage previously noted in Schedule 1.15; and/or
Information is provided that shows an error in Schedule 1.15, requiring correction pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement.
Notice Issues
Objection - The notice procedures and briefing schedule were inadequate to
provide interested parties with an opportunity to review and to present
objections to the proposed ELNY liquidation and Restructuring Agreement.
Superintendent's Reply
The
ELNY notice and briefing schedule balanced the need for a prompt
resolution of ELNY’s deepening insolvency against the ability of
affected parties to review and object to the proposed liquidation and
Restructuring Agreement.
By the March 15, 2012 hearing date, interested parties will have had:
195
days since the Superintendent issued a press release about ELNY’s
financial situation and the plans to liquidate and restructure;
118
days since a form of Court-approved Notice began being published in the
national editions of the New York Times and Wall Street Journal for
four consecutive weeks, and
99 days since personalized
informational mailings were distributed to the last known address of
each ELNY policyholder and payee.
The Superintendent, through the NYLB, created a new dedicated website specifically for ELNY policyholders and other interested parties on
September 1, 2011 - the same day the Order to Show Cause was
issued.
The Superintendent has received, considered and responded to several objections submitted past the January 16, 2012 deadline.
Not Fair and Equitable
Objection- The Restructuring Agreement is not fair and equitable and does not comport with New York law because:
Some
ELNY annuity payees will experience substantial shortfalls while the
great majority of ELNY annuity payees will be paid in full; and
It improperly favors ELNY contracts that are either not covered by a PGA or covered by a PGA in an amount less than $250,000.
Superintendent's Reply
The
Restructuring Agreement complies with the statutory requirements of
Article 74 of the New York Insurance Law. It treats all ELNY
policyholders equally and creates no favored subclass with respect to
ELNY's assets.
A straight liquidation of the ELNY estate without
implementation of the Restructuring Agreement would provide far fewer
benefits in a significantly less orderly manner.
Under New York
law, the Superintendent has the power to enter into the Restructuring
Agreement and the Court has the ability to direct the manner in which
payments and dividends to creditors shall be made.
In his role
managing the affairs of an insolvent insurer, the Superintendent, as
Rehabilitator or Liquidator, is entitled to deference unless his
decisions are arbitrary or unreasonable.
PGA Participation and Funding
Objection - The Restructuring Agreement should not be approved because it limits
or alters ELNY policyholders’ and payees’ rights against the PGAs.
Superintendent's Reply - The Restructuring Agreement does not limit or alter ELNY Contract
policyholders’ and payees’ rights against the PGAs, including the right
to contest the amount or conditions of any applicable state guaranty
association coverage.
Objection - The Restructuring Agreement unfairly permits the PGAs to reduce the amount of their statutory coverage obligations.
Superintendent's Reply
The
net contribution, as opposed to a full contribution by the PGAs of the
maximum amount of each PGA’s statutory coverage, arises under the
express provisions of Section 7435 of the New York Insurance Law, not
under applicable state guaranty association statutes.
This
netting effect occurs because the contributing PGA is entitled to a pro
rata distribution of ELNY’s assets with equal priority to the claims of
ELNY policyholders and payees.
It is accounted for in the
Restructuring Agreement by calculating the PGAs total required
contributions on a net basis after reduction of the PGAs’ corresponding
claim against the ELNY estate.
Proposed Immunity Provisions
Objections
Provisions
in the proposed Order of Liquidation extending judicial immunity to the
Superintendent, his successors, agents and representatives, should be
denied and/or eliminated.
The Court should use funds from the ELNY estate to appoint an investigator/expert to determine the cause of ELNY’s insolvency.
Superintendent's Reply- The Court should reject these requests and grant immunity to the Superintendent and his agents because:
The
Superintendent, as regulator of the insurance industry in the State of
New York, is immune for his decision to seek liquidation and the timing
of such decision.
The Superintendent, as Receiver for ELNY, has
no liability for actions performed within the scope of his authority
pursuant to the Rehabilitation Order, the Rehabilitation Plan Order, and
subsequent orders of this Court.
Historical returns on ELNY’s
investments were not as high as anticipated under the Rehabilitation
Plan (13% for the common stocks and 100-150 basis points above 30 year
U.S. Treasury obligations for bonds).
The Superintendent
adjusted and increased the reserves required to meet ELNY’s future
annuity obligations in 2006 using the then-current statutory basis of
5.25 percent.
The net effect was to increase the projected funds needed by ELNY to meet its future obligations by nearly $1 billion dollars.
While
ELNY’s actual payment obligations remained unchanged, the 2006
financial statements showed an increase in assets necessary to meet
those obligations.
New York Insurance law does not provide for
the appointment of an investigator/expert by the Court to be paid for by
the ELNY estate.
Any claim against the Superintendent would deplete estate assets without any benefit to ELNY Contract policyholders or payees.
If
the Court does not grant immunity, the Superintendent will be forced to
reserve assets in the ELNY estate to pay the costs of defending these
meritless claims, which could significantly delay the liquidation of
ELNY and the closing of the Restructuring Agreement.
The injunctions restraining all persons from commencing any action against the Superintendent, as Receiver, should be continued.
No objector has met its burden of proof to vacate or modify the injunctions granted by the Court.
Miscellaneous
Objection - The Court should provide a lump sum payment option or the right to opt out of the proposed Restructuring Agreement.
Superintendent's Reply - An opt out is not required under New York Insurance Law and would not
provide any economic or administrative benefit to policyholders and
payees.
Objection - The Court should appoint
counsel to represent ELNY policyholders and payees or hold an annual
hearing to determine if the economy has sufficiently recovered to permit
100% back pay.
Superintendent's Reply - Such
measures are outside the scope of New York Insurance Laws. In addition,
Section 6.2 of the Restructuring Agreement already provides, if economic
conditions improve, any excess of assets necessary to meet GABC’s
obligations will be returned to the ELNY estate for distribution to ELNY
policyholders and payees.
Objection - Any
remaining valuable assets of First Executive Corporation (FEC) should be
segregated and credited to structured settlement payees to whom FEC is
obligated pursuant to a qualified assignment.
Superintendent's Reply - Any segregation or crediting of annuity contracts owned by FEC would impermissibly create a subclass under New York insurance law.
Objection - Certain property and casualty insurance companies that own ELNY
Contracts object to specific provisions of the Restructuring Agreement.
Superintendent's Reply - With a couple of exceptions, if the Court agrees with any of these
provision specific objections to the Restructuring Agreement, the
Superintendent will not object. The Superintendent does oppose one
provision specific objection concerning third-party beneficiary rights
(Section 16.15) and proposes an amendment to the provision (8) of the
proposed liquidation order agreeing that the current version is
unintentionally and overly broad.
Objection -
Contributions by life insurance companies should be enhanced
significantly, with additional enhancements for ELNY structured
settlement annuity payees.
Superintendent's Reply - There is no mechanism for the Superintendent or the Court to compel
contributions above what is already provided, and capped, by statute.
S2KM Limited on March 10, 2012 in ELNY, ELNY liquidation, elny restructuring agreement, ELNY Schedule 1.15, Eric T. Schneiderman, Executive Life of New York, Executive Life timeline, First Executive Corporation, insurer liquidation, Jonathan Bing, New York Liquidation Bureau, nolhga, NY Department of Financial Services, state guaranty funds, Structured Settlement Annuity, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement wiki
| Permalink
|
Comments (6)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
March 05, 2012
New ELNY Website Documents
On March 15, 2012, the Supreme Court of Nassau County New York is
scheduled to consider a Petition by the Superintendent of the New York
State Department of Financial Services (Superintendent) for an Order of
Liquidation and Approval of a Restructuring Agreement for Executive Life
Insurance Company of New York (ELNY).
According to
Schedule 1.15 for the proposed ELNY Restructuring Agreement, 4168 of
ELNY remaining 9694 annuities are structured settlement annuities of
which 1459 will experience shortfalls even assuming proposed state
guaranty association contributions and enhancements. For the 1459 ELNY
SSAs with anticipated shortfalls:
156 SSAs are identified as having been factored - although some industry sources believe the actual number of current ELNY SSAs previously factored is considerably higher.
1100 SSAs have "uncovered amounts" in excess of $100,000 each on a present value (PV) basis including
237 SSAs which have "uncovered amounts" in excess of $1,000,000 PV each including
17 SSAs which have "uncovered amounts" in excess of $5,000,000 PV each.
The largest ELNY SSA has an "uncovered amount" of $25,692,377 PV.
During the past two weeks, five new documents have been added to the ELNY website:
Affidavit of Jonathan L. Bing,
Reply Memorandum in Response to Objections to the Proposed Liquidation of ELNY
Expert Report of Jack L. Gibson
Exhibit 6.1.1 - Revised Reinsurance and Participation Agreement
Exhibit 6.1.2 - Supplemental Benefits Reinsurance and Participation Agreement
Bing's Affidavit
Bing was appointed Special Deputy Superintendent of the New York Liquidation Bureau (NYLB) in 2011. Created in 1909 by the New York State Legislature, the NYLB "carries
out the responsibilities of the Superintendent of Insurance as
Receiver, and acts on his behalf in the discharging of his statutorily
defined duties to protect the interests of the policyholders and
creditors of insurance companies that have been declared impaired or
insolvent." The NYLB has been responsible for the day to day management of ELNY since it entered rehabilitation in 1991.
Filed
with the Court on March 1, 2012, Bing's ELNY Affidavit supports the Superintendent's Petition for Liquidation, the proposed Restructuring
Agreement and the Reply Memorandum referenced above and summarized below. Bing's Affidavit
summarizes the history of the ELNY rehabilitation and acknowledges "[t]he
Superintendent or his representatives received a number of requests for
additional information concerning the proposed liquidation." In response, Bing's Affidavit states:
"[C]oncerning the Restructuring Agreement, on February 17, 2012 the
Superintendent filed with the Court a revised form of Reinsurance and
Participation Agreement (which is Exhibit 6.1.1 to the Restructuring
Agreement) and the form of Supplemental Benefits Reinsurance and
Participation Agreement (which is Exhibit 6.1.2 to the Restructuring
Agreement), which both contained details concerning certain benefits and
guarantees provided by a consortium of life insurance companies."
"[C]oncerning the Guaranty Association Benefits Company (“GABC”), on
February 27, 2012 the Superintendent filed and served the expert report
of Jack L. Gibson, a Managing Director of Towers Watson, concerning the
financial viability of GABC, which was also posted to the ELNY.org
website."
Bing's Affidavit further states the Superintendent has received "approximately" 130 objections to the proposed ELNY liquidation and restructuring agreement. Bing's response: "[n]otwithstanding the objections, it is clear that approval of the
Restructuring Agreement as part of a comprehensive plan of liquidation
is in the best interest of policyholders, creditors, and the public."
Reply Memorandum
Also filed with the Court on March 1, 2012, the Reply Memorandum is fully titled "Omnibus
Reply Memorandum of Law in Response to the Objections to the Proposed
Liquidation of ELNY and Distribution of ELNY's Assets Pursuant to the
Restructuring Agreement." It is signed by Ralph Pernick, Assistant
Attorney General, on behalf of Eric T. Schneiderman, Attorney General
for the State of New York and Attorney for the Superintendent of
Financial Services of the State of New York.
The Reply Memorandum consists of 56 pages plus an Exhibit A titled "List of Objections".
Exhibit A identifies individual objectors (presumably ELNY annuity
payees) by contract number and liability insurers (presumably ELNY "buy and hold" annuity owners) by name. Exhibit A also identifies a couple of structured settlement factoring companies as objectors.
The contents of the Reply Memorandum are organized as follows:
Preliminary Statement
Factual Background
Argument
Conclusion
Exhibit A
The Preliminary Statement confirms that "130
objectors have raised several types of issues that the Superintendent
has organized into categories, which this single, omnibus response
addresses for the Court’s convenience." The Superintendent's categories of objections:
Objections
to benefit reductions by individual policyholders, including objections
that ELNY Contracts cannot be modified pursuant to their contractual
terms or a prior court order;
Objections requesting additional disclosure;
Objections relating to notice issues;
Objections arguing that the Restructuring Agreement contravenes applicable New York law and/or is not fair and equitable;
Objections to the calculation, amount, and timing of participation and funding by the PGAs;
Objections
to the immunity provisions of the proposed liquidation order and
requests for the appointment of an independent investigator or expert;
and
Miscellaneous other objections.
The Preliminary Statement concludes:
"No
interested person has come forward with a viable alternative or
proposed statutorily compliant changes to the Restructuring Agreement
that would increase benefit payments to ELNY Contract policyholders and
payees above those already provided for and guaranteed under the
Restructuring Agreement."
"The Court should overrule
the objections submitted and issue an order declaring ELNY to be
insolvent and directing the liquidation of ELNY on the terms set forth
in the Restructuring Agreement."
In addition to providing factual background about the ELNY rehabilitation, the second section states: "[t]he
Superintendent continues to believe that obtaining approval of the
Restructuring Agreement as part of a comprehensive plan of liquidation
is in the best interest of ELNY’s creditors, ELNY Contract
policyholders, and the public because it:
"Adds
substantial additional value from state guaranty associations and
voluntary insurance industry participants that will result in the full
coverage of approximately 85 percent of ELNY Contracts,
"Minimizes the risk of disruption in annuity benefit payments,
"Provides
guaranty association coverage without disruption of benefits and
without requiring ELNY Contract policyholders and payees from having
affirmatively to seek guaranty association coverage to which they are
entitled under state statutes,
"Provides for an optimal transition for ELNY from rehabilitation to liquidation,
"Does not impermissibly discriminate against any class of ELNY creditors, and
"Treats
ELNY creditors and all other interested parties fairly and equitably in
accordance with the requirements and intent of Insurance Law Section
7435."
The Factual Background section concludes: "if
the Restructuring Agreement is not approved, benefit payments for the
more than 9,500 non-objecting ELNY Contract policyholders and payees
will be placed at risk of disruption, there will be no guarantee for
future payments, and orphan contracts (those not covered by a state
guaranty association) would suffer a reduction in benefits to a level
supported only by ELNY’s current assets. Such a result is inconsistent
with the best interest of ELNY creditors, ELNY Contract policyholders
and payees, and the public."
In the Argument section, the Reply Memorandum considers and rejects each of the
categories of objections outlined above. S2KM will summarize and discuss
the Reply Memorandum arguments in a subsequent blog post.
The Reply Memorandum concludes: "For
the reasons set forth above, this Court should grant the relief
requested in the Verified Petition and grant such other and further
relief as the Court deems just and proper."
Jack Gibson Expert Report
Jack
Gibson's Expert Report is dated February 27, 2012. It consists of 18
pages, 33 Exhibits and 3 Appendices. According to Gibson, he has been
retained as an expert witness by Faegre Baker Daniels LLP, on behalf of
its client, NOLHGA, and Sidley Austin LLP, on behalf of its client, the
Superintendent of Financial Services of New York, as Receiver for ELNY.
Gibson's clients have asked him to review the proposed ELNY
Restructuring Agreement and to assess the financial viability of the
resulting special purpose entity (GABC).
Among his
qualifications, Gibson states he is a Managing Director of Towers
Watson. He previously supported NOLHGA related to Executive Life of
California. He has been engaged by NOLHGA since February 2006 as
consulting actuary for the NOLHGA ELNY Task Force. In connection with
Gibson's ELNY consulting services, his clients are compensating Towers
Watson at an hourly billing rate of $525.
Among the
information and materials Gibson reviewed for his ELNY analysis, several
appear not to have been made available to ELNY annuity payees, their
representatives or the general public:
ELNY 2002-2010 Mortality Experience Study, developed by Towers Watson under Gibson's direct supervision and direction;
MetLife/ELNY Administration Agreement 2011-2013, dated May 12, 2011;
Investment
asset data provided by the investment managers for ELNY, Wellington
Management Company and Goldman Sachs Asset Management, as of July 31,
2011 and December 31, 2011;
ELNY Contract administrative record
detail from MetLife as of September 30, 2002, September 30, 2003,
September 30, 2004, September 30, 2005, September 30, 2006, March 31,
2007, December 31, 2008, December 31, 2009, December 31, 2010, March 31,
2011, and December 31, 2011; and
March 31, 2011 estimates for
every ELNY contract, showing Guaranty Association coverage state (if
any), GA coverage amount (if any), and Article 75 allocations (if any),
provided by NOLHGA.
Based upon his analysis, Gibson concludes:
"GABC
is financially viable and provides a combination of significant initial
funding of assets, along with an array of guarantees that together
provide significant security and protection to enable GABC to meet all future financial obligations; and
"For
every one (100%) of the 9,000 scenarios tested and summarized in this
report, the assets of GABC were sufficient to pay all future GABC
benefit payments."
For complete S2KM reporting and analysis about ELNY, including an Executive Life timeline, see the structured settlement wiki.
S2KM Limited on March 05, 2012 in ELNY, ELNY liquidation, elny restructuring agreement, ELNY Schedule 1.15, Eric T. Schneiderman, Executive Life of New York, Executive Life timeline, Factoring, insurer liquidation, Jack Gibson, Jonathan Bing, MetLife, New York Liquidation Bureau, nolhga, NY Department of Financial Services, S2KM Limited, Structured Settlement Annuity, Structured Settlement Public Policy
| Permalink
|
Comments (2)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
November 18, 2011
NASP 2011 Annual Meeting - 2
S2KM has received both positive and negative private feedback about S2KM's coverage of the National Association of Settlement Purchasers (NASP)
2011 Annual Meeting. Although S2KM welcomes any feedback, private or
public, negative feedback generally provides greater focus and incentive
for afterthoughts.
Among the private criticisms S2KM has received:
S2KM is biased toward (or has an affinity for) the secondary market at the expense of the primary market.
S2KM criticizes primary market business conduct without reporting secondary market bad business behavior.
S2KM should be more of a positive voice for change and not a muckraker.
Bias Toward the Secondary Market
S2KM
believes that IRC 5891 and the state protection statutes have radically
changed and improved both the structured settlement product and the
structured settlement market. To paraphrase NASP President Matt Bracy: structured
settlement recipients, in compliance with federal and state laws, now
have the right to sell their asset (payment rights) provided a state
judge approves the sale in advance as being in the "best interest" of
the transferor/payee taking into account the welfare and support of the
payee's dependents. Instead of the "grey" secondary
structured market that existed from 1986 to 2000, the secondary market
is now regulated by state judges and the Internal Revenue Service with
substantial penalties for transfer companies who do not comply with
federal and state statutes.
Many primary market
participants will disagree with portions of the above paragraph. They do
not view structured settlements transfers either as a product
improvement or as a recipient's "right" however that right may
be qualified by statute. In S2KM's opinion, the primary market's general
attitude toward and perspective of the secondary market since 2001
represent a serious strategic mistake that has caused considerable harm
to the primary structured settlement market. Instead of improving their
own products by adding commutation or transfer features, and re-learning
how to sell their product in a statutorily re-defined market, the
primary market continues to criticize and shun the secondary market.
By
comparison, NASP regularly invites and welcomes critics to
speak at its educational conferences. These critics have included
blogger John Darer, two current co-chairpersons of the NSSTA Legal Committee Peter Vodola and Stephen Harris, and current SSP President Jack Meligan, as well as judges from states where structured
settlement transfers are viewed most negatively. Among NASP
presentations by S2KM author Patrick Hindert (Hindert), see "How the Primary Market Views Factoring".
Criticizing Business Conduct
Beginning
in 2004, S2KM has reported and discussed both primary and secondary
structured settlement market business practices and business models. For
compilations of S2KM's reporting about secondary market business
practices (good and bad), see the Secondary Market page on the structured settlement wiki. For detailed information about
pre-2001 secondary market business practices and issues, see section
16.02[2] of "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments" (S2P2J) of which Hindert is a co-author.
For
S2KM reporting and commentary about primary market business standards
and practices, see also the structured settlement wiki:
Business Standards and Practices .
Primary Market - includes IRC 468B Qualified Settlement Funds.
Spencer v. Hartford .
Readers
can judge for themselves whether S2KM criticizes primary market
business conduct without reporting secondary market bad business
behavior.
Positive Voice for Change vs. Muckraker
Wikipedia defines the contemporary use of the term "muckraker" to mean "a
journalist who writes in the adversarial or alternative tradition or a
non-journalist whose purpose in publication is to advocate reform and
change." When S2KM began publishing in 2004, social media (including blogs, wikis and podcasts) represented an "alternative"
to traditional print media and educational conferences. Social media
provides an opportunity for unpopular or minority ideas and viewpoints
to gain an audience not otherwise available. Unfortunately, social media
also has a dark side which can include personal attacks and bullying.
In
advocating for improved structured settlement business practices and
business models, S2KM has attempted (with a few exceptions which S2KM
regrets), to follow the lessons taught in "Getting to Yes" which at one time represented a guidebook of sorts for the primary structured settlement market. Perhaps the "Getting to Yes" method can still be useful to help a divided structured settlement industry improve and grow:
Separate the people from the problem.
Focus on interests not positions.
Invent options for mutual gain.
Insist on using objective criteria.
Without
more strategic conversations that include all structured
settlement stakeholders and perspectives, the structured settlement
industry will never achieve its full potential. To the extent possible,
S2KM intends to encourage and to be part of those strategic industry
conversations. Some of S2KM's preliminary contributions appear on the
following pages of the structured settlement wiki:
Re-thinking Structured Settlements .
Growing the Market .
S2KM Limited on November 18, 2011 in "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments", business standards and practices, Commutations, Factoring, IRC 5891, Jack Meligan, John Darer, Matthew Bracy, NASP, National Association of Settlement Purchasers, National Structured Settlement Trade Association, NSSTA, Patrick Hindert, Peter Vodola, Public Policy, Qualified Settlement Funds, S2KM Limited, Stephen R. Harris, strategic thinking, structured settlement, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement stakeholders, structured settlement wiki, Structured Settlements
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
November 02, 2011
Structured Settlement Metrics - 6
The online "Claims Journal" features an October 31, 2011 article (Claims Journal article) written by Denise Johnson titled "The Benefits of Using Structured Settlements in Claims Negotiations".
The Claims Journal article promotes the National Structured Settlement Trade Association (NSSTA)
and incorporates structure-friendly quotes from NSSTA President Dan
Finn, Chartis Vice President Ismael Acevedo and Jim Martin, CNA Vice
President Commercial Liability Claims. Martin is also scheduled to speak
this week at NSSTA's 2011 Fall Meeting in Austin, Texas on the topic of
"Structured Settlements from a P&C Company's Point of View".
The
Claims Journal article predictably provides a defense perspective of
structured settlements based upon traditional (claim management)
business models and business practices. For a summary of traditional
structured settlement business model characteristics and the problems
these business models create, see this prior S2KM blog post. For a discussion of traditional structured settlement business standards and practices, see "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments" (S2P2J) section 6.02 [3].
The
intended audience for the Claims Journal article can be assumed to be
liability insurer claims personnel (executives, managers and adjustors)
and perhaps also their outside litigation counsel. This intended
audience therefore overlaps and includes members of the Council on
Litigation Management (CLM).
CLM recently sponsored a National Litigation Management Study (CLM study) that highlighted structured settlements as the "most penetrated external initiative"
among 30 litigation-related service areas analyzed based upon
interviews with leading litigation management executives. Among the CLM
study's key findings: "Litigation executives are not happy with the metrics and analytics available to them."
What
stands out in the Claims Journal article, especially in the context of
the CLM study's assertion about the need for improved metrics and
analytics, are several statements about the benefits of structured
settlements and the questionable rationale (or lack thereof) provided
for such benefits. Structured settlement stakeholders have a history of
promoting unsubstantiated and/or false statements. Two infamous
examples:
Injury victims squander lump sums. Nine out of 10 lump sum recipients squander the entire amount within five years.
Structured settlements enable injury victims to live free of reliance on government assistance.
Here are three examples of unsubstantiated and/or misleading statements from the Claims Journal article:
The Claims Journal article: "At zero expense to the carrier ..... structured settlements are a powerful tool claims personnel can use when resolving claims."
Finn: structured settlement consultants represent a "free resource to claims departments ...and even prepare settlement documents." (see correction below)
Acevedo: structured settlement consultants: "understand the tax code and how to generate the benefits in the settlement context relative to the tax code,”
What is wrong with these statements?
One assumption appears to be that because "structured settlement consultants" are agents of, and paid commissions by, annuity providers, structured settlements generate "zero expense" for liability insurers. This assumption represents a non sequitur.
It fails to consider the time and cost required for multiple claims
adjustors and outside legal counsel to review multiple structured
settlement proposals generated by structured settlement consultants or
the related meetings and telephone conversations.
How
should the structured settlement industry, liability insurers and the
legal profession react to statements that structured settlement
consultants "prepare settlement documents" and "understand the tax code and how to generated the benefits in the settlement context relative to the tax code"?
To quote the title from one of Mark Wahlstrom's blog posts: "Structured settlement brokers drafting settlement documents. Are you guys nuts?" In other words, does a routine structured settlement business practice
that presumably saves expenses for liability insurers (life insurance
agents drafting personal injury settlement documents) represent the
unauthorized practice of law?
And exactly how are structured settlement consultants (life insurance agents) qualified, legally and/or educationally to "understand the tax code" and generate settlement benefits relative to the tax code? Especially when, to quote the Claims Journal article, the "tax-free" structured settlement option "has
been applied to employment, personal injury, construction defect,
directors & officers’ liability, and even copyright infringement
claims."
Consider another misleading or
unsubstantiated statement from the Claims Journal article - Martin
describing how defendants can utilize a structured settlement to resolve
a disagreement over the cost of a life care plan: “So, if the
plaintiff believes it’s ‘x’ and the defense says no it is only going to
cost ‘y’, that issue can be taken off the table for the plaintiff by
investing the ‘y’ number which will pay out the ‘x’ number they claim
they need for the remainder of their lives."
What is wrong with this statement?
First,
it appears that Martin's "x" represents both the plaintiff's present
value number and the expected payout which confuses his example. Second,
in today's low interest rate environment, Martin's structured
settlement example won't accomplish his defense objective unless the
case involves a substantial age rating, which the Claims Journal article
never mentions.
Consider a 10 year old female with a normal life expectancy of approximately 69 years (to age 79) whose life care plan projects:
Annual medical costs of $10,000 for life;
A present value cost of approximately $690,000 (assuming a 5% discount and 5% inflationary growth rate) to pay
A projected $5,500,000 of total lifetime medical costs.
The
cost of a structured settlement annuity to pay $10,000 per year
increasing at 5% per year (without any age rating and with or without a
guaranty period) is approximately $1,100,000 compared with the
plaintiff's present value figure of $690,000 for the same projected
damages. How does a structured settlement help Mr. Martin and CNA in
this case? In non-age rated cases, with today's low interest rates,
structured settlements generally will not help defendants argue or defend damages.
Related questions the Claims Journal article does not adequately address:
Why does CNA "flag claims for structures when they exceed $50,000 in exposure to our insured and involve bodily injury?"
What
is CNA's expense resulting from its claim adjustors and outside legal
counsel reviewing structured settlement proposals for those cases?
What is CNA's success ratio for resolving those cases with structured settlements?
How exactly can structured settlements "help drive the total claim outcome for [CNA's] claim operations"?
Does CNA reduce its claims costs using structured settlements? And if yes, how?
In another questionable statement, Martin maintains: "there
are three things claimants seek in a settlement: 1) financial security;
2) guaranteed income; and 3) instructions on how to take advantage of
any tax benefits." What about "qualifying for or maintaining government benefits" (Social Security; Medicaid; Medicare)? Is Martin's omission merely inadvertent or does it echo the false declaration that "structured settlements enable injury victims to live free of reliance on government assistance"?
For defendants and liability insurers who believe that structured settlements represent "good public policy"
and who want to encourage its appropriate application for suitable
injury victims and their dependents, it is time to re-think traditional
structured settlement business models and practices. Despite (or perhaps
because of) its faults, the Claims Journal article promoting structured
settlements provides a valuable starting point for any such re-evaluation.
S2KM's "Structured Settlement Metrics" series is featured on the structured settlement wiki.
CORRECTION (November 7, 2011) - This blog post includes the following quote from Denise Johnson's Claims Journal article that S2KM incorrectly attributes to Dan Finn: structured settlement consultants represent a "free resource to claims departments ...and even prepare settlement documents." S2KM apologizes to Dan Finn.
S2KM Limited on November 02, 2011 in "Structured Settlements and Periodic Payment Judgments", AIG, business standards and practices, CNA, council on litigation management, Dan Finn, Ismael Acevedo, James D. Martin, Mark Wahlstrom, metrics and analytics, National Structured Settlement Trade Association, NSSTA, rated ages, S2KM Limited, s2p2j, structured settlement, structured settlement agents, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement wiki
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
September 23, 2011
Structured Settlement Metrics - 2
Why should defendants or liability insurers ever agree to settle a personal injury case using a structured settlement?
Although this question may seem counter intuitive to current structured settlement stakeholders, it represented a
fundamental issue when structured settlements were introduced in the
late 1970s and early 1980s.
The historic sales rationale for defendants and liability insurers to endorse, promote and fund structured settlements:
Studies show 9 out of 10 lump sum recipients "squander" their entire settlement within five years.
Structured settlements enable recipients to live free of public benefits.
Structured settlements reduce claim costs.
Structured settlements help defendants settle cases that would otherwise go to trial.
Structured settlements represent good public policy.
Although still marketed by some sales persons, the first two justifications for defendants and liability insurers to promote and fund structured settlements have been exposed as "myths"
by Jeremy Babener and David Lillesand respectively. No studies exist
that show 9 of 10 lump sum recipients dissipate their lump sums within
five years. Worse, frequent use of the pejorative term "squander"
in the context of this dissipation study myth attaches an unfair and
unwarranted stigma to injury victims. Even assuming injury victims
dissipate lump sums, the reasons could be as varied as payment for
justifiable expenses with inadequate settlements (compared with actual
lost wages, medical expenses and inflation) or pay down strategies to
qualify for Medicaid.
The idea that seriously injured structured settlement recipients can survive without public benefits is nonsense - a Tea Party pipe dream.
At least prior to health care reform, no insurance company would offer
medical insurance at any price for brain damaged babies, serious burn
victims, or quadriplegics. Medicaid represents the only medical
insurance available for seriously injured (special needs) claimants whether they settle
with a lump sum or a structured settlement. As underscored by Lillesand,
"without Medicaid, seriously injured accident victims die"
because they cannot gain access to our medical system without an
insurance card. Completely contrary to this public benefit myth, how
best to integrate structured settlements with Medicaid and Medicare
represents an increasingly important focus for personal injury
settlement planning.
Based upon the above sales
rationale, however, most U.S. liability insurers and self-insured
defendants have developed structured settlement programs. According to a
2011 "National Litigation Management study" commissioned by the Council on Litigation Management (Litigation Management Study), structured settlement represents the "most penetrated external initiative" among 30 litigation-related service areas analyzed based upon interviews with leading litigation management executives.
Many structured settlement programs endorsed and promoted by liability insurers and self-insured defendants (defense structured settlement programs) share certain common characteristics including:
Approved lists of annuity providers (life companies).
Approved "brokers" who also serve as agents for the approved life companies.
Proactive case identification of "good candidates" for structured settlements.
"Early involvement" by the defense structured settlement broker.
Defense broker attendance and participation at negotiations and mediations.
Structured settlement funding by defendants or their liability insurers utilizing annuity financing ("buy and hold') or qualified assignments.
Some defense structured settlement programs also feature:
Defense funding utilizing an affiliated annuity provider;
Commission
sharing by the defense broker with the defendant or liability insurer.
Note: such commission sharing generally utilizes a life insurance agency
affiliated with the defendant or liability insurer and may or may not
be disclosed to injury victims, their attorneys, mediators and/or
judges.
The National Litigation Management Study also found that "litigation executives are not happy with the metrics and analytics available to them." When asked "how effective are your metrics in measuring the effectiveness of your litigation program", more than 74 percent of the study's participants rated their available metrics as "Fair" or worse. In the words of Mike Saltman, President of Esquire Corporate Solutions: "to
be truly successful, national service programs must be able to deliver
the very metrics and analytics that participants said they are seeking:
quality, performance, and satisfaction levels. These are the metrics
that a national service provider must be able to give to its clients in
today's environment."
Many defense structured settlement programs do include performance metrics of which the most common are:
Annuity premium generated by the structured settlement program; and
Success ratio - the percentage of targeted structured settlement cases that ultimately settle with a structured settlement.
Note:
some defense structured settlement programs also attempt to measure the
cost savings resulting from the use of structured settlements.
Why,
when and how should defendants or liability insurers ever agree to
settle a personal injury case using a structured settlement?
Bottom line: to answer that question and to evaluate the "quality, performance and satisfaction" of their structured settlement programs, defendants and liability insurers should analyze (and perhaps re-think):
Program justification
Structured settlements reduce claims costs.
Structured settlements help defendants settle cases that would otherwise go to trial.
Structured settlements represent good public policy.
Program characteristics
Program metrics
Annuity premium generated by the structured settlement program.
Structured settlement success ratio.
Cost or cost savings.
S2KM will continue to discuss "structured settlement metrics" in subsequent blog posts which also will be featured on the structured settlement wiki.
S2KM Limited on September 23, 2011 in business standards and practices, council on litigation management, David J. Lillesand, Dissipation studies, Jeremy Babener, metrics and analytics, national litigation management study, Public Policy, Qualified Assignments, Settlement Planning, Special Needs, special needs settlement planning, structured settlement, structured settlement agents, Structured Settlement Annuity, Structured Settlement Annuity Premium, Structured Settlement Public Policy, structured settlement stakeholders, structured settlement wiki
| Permalink
|
Comments (0)
Reblog
(0)
|
|
Tweet This!
|
|
Next
»
About
My Online Status
Facebook: patrickhindert
Skype: patrickhindert
Photo Albums
KM Blogs
Dr. Chucks Blog
Gurteen Knowledge Log
E L S U A ~ A KM Blog
Legal Blawgs
Dennis Kennedy Blog
beSpacific
Inter Alia
Secondary Insurance Market Blog
Special Needs
Frank Johns Blog
David Lillesand Blog
Patti Dudek Blog
Structured Settlements
NSSTA Blog
The Settlement Channel
John Darer Blog
Blog powered by Typepad