http://saddnation.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
DONATE NOW
SADD Portal
Admin
Home
About
Initiatives
Youth Development
National
State
SLC/CAC
Traffic Safety
Teen Driver Laws
Seat Belt
Drowsy Driving
Impaired
Distracted Driving
Substance Abuse
Alcohol
Drugs
Tobacco
Personal Health & Safety
Physical and Emotional
Depression and Anxiety
Suicide and Self Harm
Emotional Abuse and Violence Prevention
States
Resources
Register Chapter
SADD National Conference
Video Gallery
Sponsors & Partners
Shop
Training
President's Volunteer Service Award
Virtual Volunteering
Contests and Scholarships
News
Subscribe
Virtual Chapter
Contact Us
Friends of SADD
Donate
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Out of respect for your privacy, SADD (Students Against Destructive Decisions) provides this information explaining our online information practices. This policy does not apply to individual SADD chapters or state organization websites.
About Us
SADD was founded in 1981 as Students Against Driving Drunk and currently sponsors chapters called Students Against Destructive Decisions. Our mission, simply stated, is to provide students with the best prevention tools possible to deal with the issues of underage drinking, other drug use, risky and impaired driving, and other destructive decisions.
Contacting Us
Our postal address:
201 Boston Post Road West, Ste 202
Marlborough, MA 01752
We can be reached via e-mail at info@sadd.org or by phone 508-481-3568.
Learning More
A copy of our annual report can be accessed online under the “Finance & Reporting” section of this site. We are also happy to mail out a copy of our current annual report at no charge. Visitors may request a copy through our e-mail address or call us 508-481-3568.
Financials
Over the past years, SADD has worked hard to diversify and maintain a healthy revenue mix which includes government and state contracts, corporate partnerships, foundation grants, Board and individual giving, and royalties gained from the sale of SADD custom products and various educational materials. SADD is not a membership organization, rather it is a lifestyle.
Donor Privacy Policy
SADD is committed to respecting the privacy of donors.
In its fundraising practices, SADD, Inc. respects the privacy of its donors, and strictly adheres to the Donor Bill of Rights.
The agency is committed to safeguarding all donor information, electronically paper-based, or in other forms. This includes financial transactions, letters, or any other information obtained during the giving process.
All donor information is maintained by the SADD development office, and accessed by staff that engages in direct donor relations work.
We will not exchange, share, rent, or sell any donor information.
You, as a donor may, at any time, have your name excluded from any of our campaign mailings, emails, or calls. Once you have asked to be excluded from any solicitation, this will remain in effect until changed by you. To update your information or to ask that your name be excluded from list activity, please contact Joshua Claudio, Director of Annual Giving at jclaudio@sadd.org.
We may provide donor information to research organizations hired by and working on behalf of SADD to conduct feasibilities, studies, or other campaign studies.
All donors have the right to request to be anonymous.
Donors have the right to contact the development office to inquire about their giving and or other information related to their support.
Information Privacy
SADD strives to keep our constituents’ contact information private.  As such, anyone who is granted access to this information will adhere to the SADD national information privacy policy.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.sadd.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Personal information is collected via a number of websites that are either operated by SADD or operated by authorized vendors. Examples of these websites include the SADD Store, chapter registration portal, peer-to-peer fundraising platform, and the online event registration tool for meetings and conferences.
Personal information collected is utilized for the purpose of transacting business such as merchandise sales, membership services, to conduct of programs offered by SADD such as SPEAKs, National Student Leadership Council, DrivingSkills101 Contest and others. Personal information is not shared with third-party entities without an individual’s express consent.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about chapter-related events, contests, new programs, relevant news, or changes to this privacy policy
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. We do not keep sensitive information out in the open nor do we grant access to unauthorized individuals.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to be granted permission to use SADD name, logo, and programs or to conduct SADD chapter activities you must complete an annual registration/renewal form. During registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as name, address, and email address). This information is used to contact you about SADD related topics and to analyze and report on state and national-level demographics.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Parental Consent Process for students under the age of 13
SADD advisers will provide a copy of the COPPA Parental Consent form download here to the parents of all students under the age of 13.
The student’s parent(s) or guardian(s) will sign the completed form and return it to the SADD adviser.
The SADD adviser may then begin the chapter membership process for those students.
Information collected from children consists of membership roster data including name, home address, age, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, birthdate, gender, ethnicity, race, residence type, high school graduation year, grade level and t-shirt size. This information, which may be shared with state associations and local chapters, is used to help students complete applications for awards and recognition, create participation portfolios, deliver the SADDvocate email magazine to students and notify students and their parents and/or guardians of opportunities supportive of the educational mission and objectives of SADD. We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the foregoing activities. We do not disclose information collected from children to unaffiliated third parties.
Parents and legal guardians may review personal information we have collected about their child, request deletion or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information. To do so, please contact SADD, Inc info@sadd.org or 508-481-3568.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 508-481-3568 or via email info@sadd.org.
Disclaimer
All information presented on the websites of SADD is presented in good faith and is believed to be correct. However, SADD makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy.
OUR PARTNERS
Customer Service
SADD was founded on the simple philosophy that young people, empowered to help each other, are the most effective force in prevention.
My account
Site Navigation
Home
About
Initiatives
History
States
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Resources
Policy & Positions
Finance & Reporting
Contact
1440 G Street NW
Washington, DC 20005
(508) 481-3568
DONATE
© Copyright 2020 by SADD National. All Rights Reserved.