https://safeminds.org//about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
SafeMinds has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for SafeMinds.
IP Addresses
Your IP address is a number assigned to your computer. We record and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, log site activity to create statistics, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you for fraud prevention. Although your IP address is logged by our servers, it is not personally identifiable and your visit to our site is anonymous.
Personal Data
Our site’s Contact Us form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their city and state). Your name and contact information (like your email address and mailing address) is ONLY used by SafeMinds and is not shared with any other entity.
This site contains links to many other sites. SafeMinds is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Use of Cookies
We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer. Except for personal information voluntarily provided by you (like in a contact form or joining our mailing list), SafeMinds does not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes. No information of any kind about any user is shared with any third parties.
Public Forums
This site links to chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information about you or your family.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you have subscribed to our e-newsletter and do not want to receive further editions, please contact us and your email address will be immediately deleted from our database.
Use of Information Collected by SafeMinds
SafeMinds may share information as necessary with consultants (like an accountant or attorney) for internal business practices and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed, or if SafeMinds believes that any user has committed unlawful acts, to acts that endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. In some situations, we will share your personal information, on a confidential basis, with third parties who perform a particular service on our behalf, such as sending our newsletter.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
About Us
Goals
Board of Directors & Staff
History
Impact
Contact Us
Donate Now
Please consider a tax-deductible donation to SafeMinds.
Recent Articles
December 07, 2020
New Report Examines Health and Healthcare for People with ASD
December 07, 2020
Infants Born Via C-Section Have Higher Risk of Infections During Early Childhood
December 07, 2020
Government Report Details Special Education Struggles During Pandemic
December 07, 2020
Gut Dysbiosis Found in One Triplet with ASD
©2000-2020 SafeMinds | All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Contact Us | Admin