https://saintjohny.ymca.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyymcasj2020-07-12T19:25:25-04:00
Privacy PolicyThis Web site is owned and operated by The Saint John YMCA Inc otherwise known as the “Saint John Y” or “YMCA” or “YMCA of Greater Saint John” or the “Y of Greater Saint John” inclusively.
Your privacy is important to us and we will take all means possible to ensure that all personal information is kept private.
Our PolicyThe YMCA is committed to protecting the personal information of individuals who visit this web site by following responsible information handling practices in keeping with privacy laws. You can access this site’s home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal information.
Information SharingThe YMCA does not sell personal information we collect.
We will not disclose your personal information to anyone else without your prior knowledge or consent, except with agents or contractors of YMCA who perform services for us and when required by a government body or agency, or as permitted by law.
Your InformationWe collect personal data that you provide online, or when you access our programs and services, in order to better meet your program, service and information needs.
We also use and disclose data, which does not identify individuals, for statistical purposes to develop and enhance YMCA programs and services.
We may also collect personal information in order to satisfy legal, government and regulatory obligations.
In the case of donations, personal information is collected to facilitate the recording of your gift. Our on-line donation processing is secure. The security certificate may be viewed by clicking on the security log on the bottom of each secure page. If you have made a donation, you may also hear from us about other YMCA programs and services that may interest and benefit you.
If you supply us with your mailing address or email address, you may receive notifications from us with important information about the YMCA program or service in which you are registered.
You may also receive periodic mailings from us with information about other YMCA programs and services that may be of interest and benefit.
If you do not wish to hear about other YMCA programs, services or opportunities, please contact us at (506) 693-9622.
Children’s PolicyThe YMCA, in keeping with our Mission and Vision, believes in the development of healthy, confident children.
For children under 12 years of age, we will obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian to collect and use personally-identifiable information about a child.
Confidentiality / SecurityYMCA maintains physical, electronic and administrative safeguards that are appropriate to the type of personal information we obtain from you.
Social Media PolicyOur Social Media team works diligently to post accurate, timely, relevant content.
We encourage our community to share content with us such as photos and stories of their YMCA experiences. We assume that anyone sharing this user generated content has the right to do so and has permission of the photographed individuals. Please do not post photos you do not have permission to post, including photos of children without the permission of a parent or guardian.
We welcome constructive feedback, but we reserve the right to remove any comments that are inappropriate due to foul language, attacking of a single person or group, unsupported accusations, or spam that explicitly promotes a product or service. If contact information is available, we will notify comment authors personally to let them know their comments have been removed. We reserve the right to ban repeat offenders.
Privacy QuestionsYou have the right to access your personal information in our files and to update or remove that information as necessary, subject to any legal restrictions. If you are aware of any inaccuracy or changes in the personal information which we hold about you, please contact YMCA staff.
CookiesAs with most sites, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of our servers (“cookie” technology). Such information is used to provide an enhanced online experience, and may include:
• The name of the ISP from which you access the Internet
• The date and time you accessed the site
• The Internet address of the Web site from which you enter our site and where you go after you leave our site
This information is used to measure and monitor the use of our site and to improve its content. The “Cookie Technology” does not personally identify you or extract any information from your computer. Data which would personally identify you is known only when voluntarily submitted.
Online Legal PolicyThis website and our social media communities were created to be informative. Accordingly, we will permit you to download or photocopy material displayed on this site for your non-commercial personal use. Any content or graphics extracted from the site must prominently display copyright and other proprietary notices.
Terms and ConditionsThis site is owned by the YMCA of Greater Saint John. Any images, graphics, multimedia or content is copyrighted by YMCA and may only be used in the manner provided for in these Terms and Conditions. In addition, the site contains names, logos, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property, which are the property of the YMCA and may not be used for any purpose without the express written consent of the YMCA.
LinksThe YMCA Web site may contain links to other Web sites. YMCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other Web sites nor do we endorse the materials presented on Web sites that are not owned and operated by YMCA. We encourage visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Updating of Privacy PolicyThe YMCA regularly reviews its policies and procedures to ensure we remain current with evolving public expectations and changing laws. The information available at www.SaintJohnY.com will keep you informed about our organization and our services.
Contact InformationQuestions, concerns or complaints relating to the YMCA’s privacy policy or the treatment of personal information should be directed in writing to:
Sarah BurpeeChief Privacy OfficerYMCA of Greater Saint John191 Churchill BoulevardSaint John, NB E2K3E2
Help a child access the Rainbows Program
×