https://saint-marks.org/privacy-policy/
Search
Students
Parents
Faculty & Staff
Calendar
Search
Who We Are
Welcome
Mission & Philosophy
Our Approach
Multifaceted Education
Diverse & Inclusive Community
Intentional Space for Learning
At a Glance
Board of Trustees
Faculty & Staff
Employment
Admissions
Admissions Process
Fees & Tuition Assistance
FAQs
Apply
Meet our Admissions Team
Academics
Preschool
Lower Elementary
Upper Elementary
Enrichment Classes
Responsive Classroom
Campus Life
Extended Care
Episcopal Identity
Haiti Partnership
Educational Field Studies
Summer Camp
Our Graduates
Parent Education
Support
Fall Family Flix
Giving to Saint Mark’s
Legacy Endowment
Ways of Giving
Parent Partnership
Community Events
Contact
Privacy Policy
Saint Mark’s School values and respects your privacy.  This policy governs Saint Mark’s web site data collection and use via www.saint-marks.org.  By using the Saint Mark’s web site, you are deemed to have consented to the practices described in this policy.
Collection of Personal Information
Saint Mark’s shall keep confidential personal information it collects such as first and last name, electronic mail address, home or other physical address, telephone number, and facsimile number.
Use of Personal Information
Saint Mark’s will inform you of the purpose for its collection of information.  It does not intend to transfer or otherwise share your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described below.  If you choose to provide us with your personal information, the information will be stored on a secure server and we will use that information at Saint Mark’s or we may transfer it to a third party service provider as necessary.  Saint Mark’s will not record your credit card number after a sale is complete.
Saint Mark’s may also collect electronic information during your use of its web site.  Saint Mark’s may collect domain information to enable it to analyze how visitors use this site. This data enables Saint Mark’s to become more familiar with people who visit its site including how often they visit, their access times, and browser type.  Saint Mark’s will use this information to improve its services and obtain statistics regarding the use of its site.
Saint Mark’s may also use the information to which it has access to provide you with or solicit other information and to let you know of additional services that may be of interest to you.  Saint Mark’s will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of these communications.
Use of Cookies
Some pages on this site may use “cookies”—small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. Cookies cannot read information from your hard drive. They will also not run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply.  These files are used for site registration and to customize your visit to the site.  The cookie will tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page on the web site, and it will customize the site’s features for you.
Your web browser may notify you when you are receiving a cookie and it may give you the choice to accept or reject it. You can set your browser to warn you about cookies, and to determine if you want to refuse all cookies.  If you chose not to accept cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Information Sharing
Saint Mark’s does not share your information without your permission, except if you consent to share your information to a third party service provider working on Saint Mark’s ’s behalf.
Saint Mark’s will also disclose your personal information, if required to do so by law, to protect and defend its rights or property, or in urgent circumstances, such as, but not limited to, those that involve the need to protect an individual’s personal safety, the protection of the public or the protection of Saint Mark’s ’s rights or property.  Saint Mark’s will not trade, sell, rent, lease, or otherwise share your information to anyone, or let anyone use it except if you have authorized its use.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience for our web site. To protect their privacy, Saint Mark’s prohibits the solicitation of personal information from these children.
Internet Security
Saint Mark’s strives to protect your personal information; however, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.  Please take proactive steps to secure your personal data, such as frequently changing your passwords.
Links to Third Party Sites
Saint Mark’s web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Saint Mark’s encourages you to learn about the privacy practices and policies of those companies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Saint Mark’s reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice.  Any substantial changes in the way Saint Mark’s uses your personal information will be posted on this site.
This website takes reasonable precautions to protect user information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and offline.  While we use encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user information offline. All users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone: (626) 798-8858;245
Email: school@saint-marks.org
Mailing Address: Saint Mark’s School, 1050 East Altadena Drive, Altadena, CA 91001
Website terms and conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Saint Mark’s School’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term Saint Mark’s School or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1050 E Altadena Drive, Altadena, CA 91001. Our company registration number is [company registration number and place of registration]. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: Google Analytics
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Los Angeles, California in the USA.
Refund Policy
No portion of fees paid will be refunded in the event of absence, withdrawal, or dismissal from the school of a student.