https://sakki-sakki.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was last updated to meet the GDPR requirements and posted on May 20th, 2018. It governs the privacy terms of our Website, located at https://sakki-sakki.com and any subdomains.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://sakki-sakki.com.
Owner contact email: mpress@sakki-sakki.com
Your Privacy
Sakki-Sakki.com & Eurimco Ltd. Follow all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy on the Website at any time without notice.
Use of any personal information or contribution that you provide to us, or which is collected by us on or through our Website or its content is governed by this Privacy Policy. By using our Website or its content, you consent to this Privacy Policy, whether or not you have read it.
Definitions
“Non Personal Information” is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our Website with a web browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others.
“Personally Identifiable Information” or “Personal Data” is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to provide you within our Website. Personally Identifiable Information may include information such as your name, email address, and other related information that you provide to us or that we obtain about you.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website.
As a Visitor, you can browse our website to find out more about our activities. You are not required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information as a Visitor.
We collect personal information from you so that we can provide you with a positive experience when utilizing our Website or content. We will only collect the minimum amount of information necessary for us to fulfill our obligation to you. We may collect as follows:
Personally Identifiable Information
Identity Data: may include your first name, last name, username, or date of birth.
Contact Data: may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data: may include your credit card details.
Transaction Data: may include details about payments between us and other details of purchases made by you.
Technical Data: may include your login data, IP addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our sites.
Profile Data: may include your username and password, purchases or orders, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data: may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data: may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Please note that the information above (“Personally Identifiable Information”) that you are giving to us is voluntarily, and by you providing this information to us you are giving consent for us to use, collect and process this Personal Data. You are welcome to opt-out or request for us to delete your Personal Data at any point by contacting us at mpress@sakki-sakki.com
If you choose not to provide us with certain Personal Data, you may not be able to participate in certain aspects of our Website or content.
Other Non Personal Information We May Collect
A. Analytics
To maintain our Website’s high quality, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Website by identifying which areas of the Website are most heavily used, and to display content according to your preferences. Your IP address is the number assigned to computers connected to the Internet. This is essentially Automatic Anonymous Data Collection or “traffic data” which cannot personally identify you but is helpful to us for marketing purposes and for improving our services. Traffic data collection does not follow a user’s activities on any other websites in any way. Anonymous traffic data may also be shared with business partners.
B. Cookies
We may use the standard “cookies” feature of major web browsers. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data-capture mechanisms on our Website other than cookies. You may choose to disable cookies through your own web browser’s settings. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Use of “Cookies”
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Members Accounts
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What We Do With Information We Collect
Register You as a Customer
We use Personally Identifiable information you provide us to deliver and ship products and services, process your payments, and register you as a customer. We only use third party payment processors that take the utmost care in securing data and comply with the GDPR.
Targeted Social Media Advertisements
We may use the data you provide to us to run social media advertisements and / or create look-alike audiences for advertisements.
Share with Third Parties
We may share your information with trusted third parties such as our newsletter provider in order to contact you via email, storefront and membership platforms, our merchant accounts to process orders and payments, backup hosting services, service providers who provide IT and system administration services, professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, consultants, auditors and insurers, team members such as editors, customer support and virtual assistants, and Google / social media accounts in order to run advertisements and our affiliates.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data Aggregation
We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations.
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of Sakki-Sakki.com & Eurimco Ltd., our Users, employees, and affiliates.
How long we retain your data
We retain your Personal Data for the minimum amount of time necessary to provide you with the information and / or services that you requested from us. We may include certain Personal Data for longer periods of time if necessary for legal, contractual and accounting obligations.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the p
ersonal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have any such requests pls contact us at mpress@sakki-sakki.com
Viewing by Others
Note that whenever you voluntarily make your Personal Data available for viewing by others online through this Website or its content, it may be seen, collected and used by others, and therefore, we cannot be responsible for any unauthorized or improper use of the information that you voluntarily share (i.e., sharing a comment on a blog post, posting in a Facebook group that we manage, sharing details on a group coaching call, etc.).
Transferring Information
Personal Data that you provide to us is stored internally or through a data management system. Your Personal Data will only be accessed by those who help to obtain, manage or store that information, or who have a legitimate need to know such Personal Data (i.e., our hosting provider, newsletter provider, payment processors or team members).
It is important to note that we may transfer data internationally. For users in the European Union, please be aware that we transfer Personal Data outside of the European Union. By using our Website and providing us with your Personal Data, you consent to these transfers in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Marketing communications
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
Requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
Provided us with your details when opting into our free ebooks, guides, courses, resources, and challenges; and
in each case, you have not opted out of receiving marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by emailing us at mpress@sakki-sakki.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
EU Residents:
If you wish to exercise your “right to be forgotten” and have all Personally Identifiable Information deleted, please email us directly with your request: mpress@sakki-sakki.com
You maintain the right to complain to the Data Protection Authority in your local EU Member State under the GDPR.
How we protect your data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Customer data is stored for a reasonable time (5+ years) as a necessity to keep accurate records of accounting, tax, and customer needs. The exact data retention period varies based on the system storing the information, the date of the user’s last activity or interaction with the company, and whether or not the information relates to a current or past customer.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Website or its content, you may need a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password, and you are responsible for all activities, whether by you or by others, that occur under your username or password and within your account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your username, password or account information. If you share your username or password with others, they may be able to obtain access to your Personal Data at your own risk.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized or improper use of your username or password or any other breach of security. To help protect against unauthorized or improper use, make sure that you log out at the end of each session requiring your username and password.
We will use our best efforts to keep your username and password(s) private and will not otherwise share your password(s) without your consent, except as necessary when the law requires it or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary, particularly when disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to others or interfering with our rights or property.
How You Can Access, Update or Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to:
1. Request information about how your Personal Data is being used and request a copy of what Personal Data we use.
2. Restrict processing if you think the Personal Data is not accurate, unlawful, or no longer needed.
3. Rectify or erase Personal Data and receive confirmation of the rectification or erasure. (You have the “right to be forgotten”).
4. Withdraw your consent at any time to the processing of your Personal Data.
5. Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you feel we are using your Personal Data unlawfully.
6. Receive Personal Data portability and transference to another controller without our hinderance.
7. Object to our use of your Personal Data.
8. Not be subject to an automated decision based solely on automatic processing, including profiling, which legally or significantly affects you.
Unsubscribe
You may unsubscribe from our e-newsletters or updates at any time through the unsubscribe link at the footer of all email communications. If you have questions or are experiencing problems unsubscribing, please contact us at mpress@sakki-sakki.com
Security
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data you provide to us from misuse, disclosure or unauthorized access. We only share your Personal Data with trusted third parties who use the same level of care in processing your Personal Data. That being said, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Data will always be secure due to technology or security breaches. Should there be a data breach of which we are aware, we will inform you immediately.
Anti-Spam Policy
We have a no spam policy and provide you with the ability to opt-out of our communications by selecting the unsubscribe link at the footer of all e-mails. We will not sell, rent or share your email address.
Links to Other Websites
We may link to other websites on our Website. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of any other individual, company or entity whose website or materials may be linked to our Website or its content, and thus we cannot be held liable for the privacy of the information on their website or that you voluntarily share with their website. Please review their privacy policies for guidelines as to how they respectively store, use and protect the privacy of your Personal Data.
Children’s Online Privacy
We do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age in compliance with COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) and the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation of the EU). Our Website and its content is directed to individuals who are at least 18 years old or older.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us: mpress@sakki-sakki.com
We would be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
Thank you for being part of this brave new world of advanced privacy policies, liberated voices and ferocious creativity!
xoxox
M