https://sanctuaryforfamilies.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Learn about computer safety.
Blog
Events
Media & Coverage
About Us
Mission, Values & History
Team
Board
Affinity Groups
Financials
Locations
Gender Violence
Domestic Violence
Sex Trafficking
Related Forms of Gender Violence
Our Approach
Counseling & Crisis Intervention
Legal
Shelter
Economic Empowerment
Children and Families
Anti-Trafficking
Outreach & Training
Advocacy
Our Impact
Client Stories
Impact & Results
Evaluation
Support Us
Ways to Donate
Support our year-end campaign
Holiday Opportunities
Volunteer
Pro Bono Support
Attend an Event
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting Sanctuary for Families’ web site (accessed at www.sanctuaryforfamilies.org). This web site is owned and operated by Sanctuary for Families, Inc., a New York City-based 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies of Sanctuary for Families with respect to nonpublic personal information you provide to us through this web site (the “Site”). These policies may be changed at any time, in which case the revised Privacy Policy will apply to information collected after the date the Privacy Policy is changed and posted.
1. Personal Information
Sanctuary for Families is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. We do not collect personal information from a visitor unless it is submitted voluntarily and knowingly for specified purposes. You can have general access to our Site and browse pages describing our organization without providing any personal information or being required to register at our Site. However, you may not be able to access all parts of our Site or interact with us online without supplying personal information. Information such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information may be requested if you make a donation of goods, services or money, register for an event, purchase a ticket, request materials or information, apply to a job listing, or volunteer your time to work with Sanctuary for Families. We also will receive your personal information if you submit it to us when you e-mail comments to the Site or if you complete surveys on our Site.
2. Use of Information
The information thus provided may be entered into our constituent database and you may be contacted in order to provide you with additional information about Sanctuary, its programs, events, fund-raising drives or volunteer opportunities. We do not disclose any of your personal information to anyone, other than to our affiliates, except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys, and to certain service providers, such as third-party web site hosts. We may also use your personal information for the purpose of compiling RSVP’s for Sanctuary events through Luminate Online, our online constituent relationship management platform and and Raiser’s Edge NXT, our fundraising and relationship management system. We will only release information about you if you direct us to do so, if compelled to do so by law or in connection with any government or self-regulatory organization request or investigation.
3. Hyperlinks
This Privacy Policy applies only to the use of this Site. This Site contains hyperlinks or “links” to other sites, and other sites may “link” to this Site. Web sites linking to and from this Site may have different privacy practices from the ones described here. We are not responsible for the data collection, privacy and information sharing policies and procedures or the content of such web sites. You should refer to the privacy policies of each individual linked site to determine how your privacy is protected.
4. Security
We are very concerned with the safety and security of your sessions on our Site, the information you provide us online, and any transactions you conduct with us online. We have implemented and maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards consistent with industry standard protocol to help guard your nonpublic personal information, including to protect against the loss, misuse, interception, access and alteration of information you send us. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those of our employees and our agents who need to know the information to enable us to provide our services to you, and we emphasize to them the importance of maintaining the security, confidentiality and integrity of your personal information.
5. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). COPPA requires that web site operators never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent. In accordance with COPPA, we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We recommend that no one under the age of 18 submit personally identifiable information to our Site. In the event that we determine that a user of this Site is under the age of 13, we will not maintain or use his or her personally identifiable information.
6. Contacting the Web Manager
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or your dealings with this Site, you may send an email to info@sffny.org or write to:
Sanctuary for Families, Inc.
P.O. Box 1406, Wall Street Station
New York, NY 10268
Attn: Communications Office
(212) 349-6009
Thank you for visiting our Site and telling others about Sanctuary for Families.
no layouts found
leading service provider and
advocate for survivors of domestic
violence, sex trafficking, and related
forms of gender violence.
PO Box 1406
Wall Street Station
New York, NY 10268
(212) 349–6009
info@sffny.org
Careers
Contact Us
Financials
Locations
Media & Coverage
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Spam Control Text:Please leave this field empty
Enter your email to receive updates
Chat for HelpClose×
To chat with an advocate about safety planning, shelter, and counseling services, click here.
To chat with an advocate about family law, immigration, trafficking, or other legal concerns, click here.
If you are in immediate danger please call 911.