https://sanjoseuu.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Contact Us
Virtual Church Office
The best way to reach our Office Manager during the coronavirus restrictions is via email at:
office@sanjoseuu.org
You are also welcome to leave a message at:
(669) 400-9337
Messages are picked up, and calls are returned throughout the week (usually Saturdays through Wednesdays).
160 North 3rd Street
San Jose, CA 95112
Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the church office staff will be working remotely, and the church offices will be closed until further notice!
First Unitarian Church of San José
Website of the First Unitarian Church of San José
Facebook
Directions
Search
Newsletter
Calendar
Donate
Sunday Worship: 11:00 am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by First Unitarian Church of San Jose, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: office@sanjoseuu.org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, and email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at office@sanjoseuu.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than First Unitarian Church of San Jose. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Quick LinksNewcomers
Children & Youth
Small Group Ministry
Social Justice
Calendar
Join Our Email List
Member Directory
Donate
Support Us!
Visit our donation page