https://sanrafaelop.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Asset 5
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy for the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael
This statement demonstrates our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
Use of Links
Throughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your website to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our website, please send an email to info@sanrafaelop.org with the subject “Link request.”
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our website, please send your request to info@sanrafaelop.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images may be obtained by emailing us at info@sanrafaelop.org.
Accessibility
This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@sanrafaelop.org.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile Update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Information Collection
Dominican Sisters of San Rafael (sanrafaelop.org) collects two types of information:
Personal Information
When you request information or sign up for our newsletter, you may be asked to provide personal information. Personal data is also requested when you make a donation. This information will not be released without authorization from you and we will not disclose personal identification information, unless required to do so by law.
Web Site Activity Data
Activity data is gathered through several methods and is tracked as a whole rather than individually. This allows us to track the sanrafaelop.org web site—we never use it to personally identify you. By tracking, we can build the most effective Web site for all visitors. Generally, we look at how well pages, products or sections of the Web site perform based on traffic. Specifically, we can determine
which areas are most effective or appropriate based on the amount of traffic to particular areas.
Information Usage
Dominican Sisters of San Rafael (sanrafaelop.org) will not disclose any business or personal information that identifies you to any third party without your consent unless we clearly define the nature and manner of disclosure or disclosure is legally required or to protect our rights.
Cookies and Tracking
Web sites will commonly write small data files (cookies) to your hard drive during your visits to the site. A cookie file is used in order to track your traffic patterns on a particular site and contains information that can anonymously identify you. This information is encrypted for security purposes. Dominican Sisters of San Rafael (sanrafaelop.org) may measure the activity of the site by using cookies. Cookies help us make improvements to the site so that you can have a pleasant and productive experience. Cookies are created to identify your computer when visiting our site and are never used to identify you personally. Cookies can’t read data off of your hard disk, do damage to your hard disk or memory or read cookie files created by other sites. You can set your browser to send a warning message before accepting cookies or to refuse cookies. Check with your browser for instructions on how to handle cookies.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You cannot remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at info@sanrafaelop.org
The Pillars of Dominican Life
When Dominicans speak of the four pillars of Dominican life, we are referring to the foundational elements that, when integrated, form a truly supportive structure for living as Dominicans and expressing our mission.
Read More
Preachers of  Truth • Love • Justice