https://satramana.org/web/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi
SAT Temple
What is SAT
Sri Sadisvara Mandiram
The Satsang Hall
Our Hindu Heritage
Offerings
Events
Calendar
Satsangs
Ramana Darshanam
Boundless Wisdom
Atmotsava
Meditation
Retreats
Festivals
Gallery
Pictures
Pictures of Festivals
Pictures of Samskaras
Sri Ramana Maharshi Pictures
Audio
Sacred Text Readings
Aksharamanamalai
Dakshinamurti Ashtakam
Nama Sankirtanam
Festival Audio Recordings
Videos
Satsang
Ramana Darshanam
Boundless Wisdom
Festivals
Meditations..
Quotes from Satsangs
Bookstore
SAT Publications
Online Store
Reflections
Temple Blog
Contact Us
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Our commitment to your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
What information is collected:
We collect information when you offer donation, when you register for a retreat, or when you subscribe to the SAT Temple’s journal, Reflections.
When offering donation or registering for a retreat on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
When subscribing to Reflections, you may be asked to enter your name and e-mail address.
How that information is used:
The information you provide when registering for a retreat is only used for retreat registration purposes and for sending donation receipt at the end of the year and not for any other purpose.
The information you provide when offering donation is only used to record the donation and for sending donation receipt at the end of the year and not for any other purpose.
The email address you provide when subscribing to Reflections is used only for emailing the link to the journal and is not used for any other purpose.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to outside parties.
How do we protect your information:
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) for the website. AWS is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield (AWS Privacy Policy).
All of your order information, including your credit card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information.
The credit card processing is handled by Stripe (Stripe Privacy Policy). Stripe complies with Payment Card Industry Security Standards (PCI DSS)  and is certified as a PCI Level 1 Service Provider. Stripe is also certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
The name and email address you provide when subscribing to the SAT Temple’s journal, Reflections, is saved securely in MailChimp’s server (MailChimp Privacy Policy). MailChimp does not sell or distribute the email addresses and takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. MailChimp has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Framework.
Cookies
Our website uses only strictly necessary cookies required for the operation of the site and not for any other purpose. Cookies are used by the payment processor, Stripe, to process payments for our website. Cookies are also used by our online store to track the shopping cart as explained in the Store privacy policy located here. No personal information is stored within those cookies.
Data Retention
We store the information you provide when registering for a retreat or when offering donation for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. This includes your name, email address, and postal address.
How to access or correct your information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing sat@satramana.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
Contact Information:
Society of Abidance in Truth1834 Ocean StreetSanta Cruz, CA 95060USA
Email: sat@satramana.org
Ph: (831)425-7287
Temple website: SATRamana.org
Store website: SATRamana.org/store/
The store’s privacy policy is located here.
~ updated September 17, 2020
Sitemap | Privacy