http://saveapetil.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Save-A-Pet (SAP)
is committed to protecting the privacy of our donors and supporters and deeply
appreciates their support.
SAP may send correspondence (via
mail and/or electronically). You may always opt out if either now or in the
future you no longer wish to receive our messages.
SAP does not trade, share or sell
its donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor does it send donor
mailings on behalf of other organizations.
To opt out of electronic
newsletters, please follow the unsubscribe instructions and/or link at the
bottom of the newsletters.
For other correspondence you
receive from us, please email exec.director@saveapetil.org your
information and the word Unsubscribe in the subject of your email. You can also
request to unsubscribe through regular mail. Please also use this email address
to update your information.
Your information is used to
provide you with regular updates, whether via mail or electronically, about
Save-A-Pet as a whole (not limited to request for donations and for help,
adoption stories, process of membership application and donation
acknowledgement, etc.).
Website: When a person visits our website, basic information is
collected, such as number of visitors, pages visited, number of hits, etc. We
also use a number of web analytics such as Google Analytics to help us better
understand the visits to our site. We encourage you to accept cookies when
visiting our site. Visitors to our website remain anonymous.
If you are making an online
donation, additional information may be requested by 3rd party providers in order to
process your donation.
This policy may be amended from time to time and a revised Privacy Policy will be posted at www.saveapetil.org Your continued use of our website after the date such notice is posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. Comments or questions about this policy are welcome.
September 2015
Adoption Hours
Monday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Tuesday:
CLOSED
Wednesday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Thursday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Friday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Saturday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Sunday:
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Leadership
2020 Board of Directors
Dominique Allion President
Mary Venetucci Vice President
Susan Rochlis Treasurer
Andi McCulloch
Secretary
Laurie Letts Director-at-Large
Lisa Velez Director-at-Large
Key Staff
Pat KennedyExecutive Directorexec.director@saveapetil.org
Sally HubbardAnimal Welfare and Operations Managerwelfare.operations@saveapetil.org
Deb RabineDevelopment Managerdevelopment.manager@saveapetil.org
Donny LeAdoption Center Managercenter.manager@saveapetil.org
Links/Downloads
2019 Save-A-Pet Financials
2019 SAP Public 990
2018 Save-A-Pet Financials
2018 Save-A-Pet 990
2017 Save-A-Pet Financials
2017 Save-A-Pet 990
Privacy Policy