https://sbdefenselawyer.com/privacy-policy/
Here for you During the Coronavirus Crisis: 140 East Figueroa Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101
CALL NOW: (805) 892-4922
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C., respects your privacy.
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. has created this statement to demonstrate its firm commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what will happen to that information. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. at info@SBDefenseLawyer.com.
Information About You
When you make contact with Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. through this website, we ask you to provide information about your legal problem. In addition, we request that you provide your name, telephone and email address.
This information that you provide is held in the strictest confidence. The information that you provide will be reviewed by William Makler or his staff for purposes of responding to your inquiry.
It is Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. policy to respect the privacy of his clients and prospective clients. Except as described above, under no circumstances will William Makler disclose information provided by you to any individual, advertiser, vendor, or any other entity without your express written consent.
If you send correspondence to Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C., such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We may use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the website to assess problems or complaints.
Security
We take precautions internally to protect your information. While we make every effort to keep your data as secure as possible, when you submit information via the website, your information is sent through the Internet by unencrypted email, so the transmission of sensitive, confidential or privileged information through this website should be avoided.
IP Addresses
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. may on occasion log IP addresses for systems administration purposes. Your IP address may be used to gather broad demographic information, but we would not use IP addresses to monitor your behavior on this site or elsewhere.
Delete Policy
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. does not offer users a means by which to delete personal information provided to him through this website or provided to him through other means.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other web sites. Law Offices of William C. Makler, P. C. is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it links.
Please read our DISCLAIMER.
Contact Us
Name*Phone*Email*
How can we help you?*By submitting information through this form, you attest that you have read and understood the contents of our DISCLAIMER.Security CheckEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P.C.
140 East Figueroa Street
Santa Barbara, CA 93101
(805) 892-4922
Lawyer William Makler | Top Attorney Criminal Defense
Lawyer William Makler | Lawyer Criminal Defense
Office Location
Law Offices of William C. Makler, P.C.
140 East Figueroa Street
Santa Barbara, CA 93101
(805) 892-4922 phone
Contact Us
Name*Phone*Email*
How can we help you?*By submitting information through this form, you attest that you have read and understood the contents of our DISCLAIMER.CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.