https://schellbray.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYSchell Bray PLLC is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use this website. When you use this website, you consent to the use of your personal information by our firm in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy.We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you, including name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, unless you voluntarily choose to submit or otherwise disclose such information to us, whether by mail, telephone, fax, or electronically. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. We will use your information only to respond to your request for information or, if appropriate, to consider your request for consideration of employment with our firm. If you have provided any personal information to us through this website, you may request that your name be removed from our database at any time.We have no obligation to monitor this website or its use, or to retain the content of any user session. We do, however, reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, retain and disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. We may use IP addresses to identify a user when we believe it necessary to protect our service, website, clients, potential clients or others.This website may provide links to third-party websites. We do not make any representations about these third-party sites and we are not responsible for their privacy policies and customs. You should refer to the privacy policies posted on those sites to determine what information they may collect when you visit them.We may use automated tracking mechanisms to track a visitor's use of our website so that we can enhance our services and improve our website. This information will tell us, for example, which areas of the website are visited most frequently and how long visitors remain on the site or in particular areas. This information is provided anonymously and is not combined with any personal information.
Schell Bray is pleased to provide important resources on business and tax measures to help you and your business through COVID-19. Information changes rapidly, so please check these resources regularly for news and updates.
VIEW COVID-19 RESOURCES