https://scny.org/contact-us/privacy-and-disclaimer/
Privacy and Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by the Sisters of Charity of New York and while we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the Sisters of Charity of New York. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the Sisters of Charity of New York takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Sisters of Charity of New York uses and protects any information that you give the Sisters of Charity of New York when you use this website.
The Sisters of Charity of New York are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Sisters of Charity of New York may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 8/1/14.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
•    name and job title
•    contact information including email address
•    demographic information such as zip code, preferences and interests
•    other information relevant to surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
•    We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
•    Internal record keeping
•    We may use the information to improve our products and services.
•    We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
•    From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
•    We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to your needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
•    Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
•    If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to the Sisters of Charity of New York, 6301 Riverdale Avenue, Bronx, NY 10471 or extcomm@scny.org
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write the Sisters of Charity of New York, 6301 Riverdale Avenue, Bronx, NY 10471 or extcomm@scny.org as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact Information
Sisters of Charity Center
6301 Riverdale Avenue
Bronx, NY 10471-1093
718-549-9200
Communications/Public Relations
Elena Miranda
Director of Communications
Email: extcomm@scny.org
Phone: 718-549-9200 Ext. 245
Sisters of Charity Archives
Mindy S. Gordon
Director of Archives and Museum
Email: SCArchives@scny.org
Director of Development
Anne Marie Gardiner
Phone: 718-549-9200 Ext. 239
Vocations
Sr. Mary Mc Cormick, SC
Phone: 718-549-9200 Ext. 302
Associate Relationship
Sr. Mary Ann Daly, SC
Leadership Council Member
Phone: 718-549-9200 Ext. 206
Human Resources
Sharon Dosin, PHR
Director of Human Resources
Email: hrinfo@scny.org
Phone: 718-549-9200 Ext. 237
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Print Friendly
Like