https://scotsallsaints.nsw.edu.au/privacy-policy/
Search for:
visitors
about
mission, goals & values
our strengths
our campuses
All Saints Campus
Scots Campus
Lithgow Campus
our schools
Prep
Junior School
Middle School
Senior School
Lithgow Campus
our shared history
our college council
our head of college
leadership team
management team
strategic goals
dining options
after school care & instruction
our college
academic excellence
agriculture
co-curricular
competition houses
design & technology
drama
Equestrian
extension & support
languages
library
Performing Arts Academy
major project
music
Positive Education
student wellbeing
technology
uniform shop
visual arts
enrolments
Virtual Tours
how to enrol
fee schedule
enrolment form
scholarships
try us
boarding
boarding houses & facilities
boarding team
boarders share their stories
Regional Visits
international students
community
COVID-19 – Updates
Alumni
the foundation ltd
The Old Bathurstians’ Museum
The Scots Museum
The ANZAC Project
parents & friends assoc.
Strong Central West 2021
fees
contact
our community
events
news
Media Releases
scots all saints vision
the roar archive
employment
our families and students
remote learning
fee schedule
seesaw
canvas
term dates 2020
parent and student handbooks
parent teacher online (PTO) – junior/middle school
parent teacher online (PTO) – senior school
Starting at Scots All Saints College
boardingware
webmail
caremonkey
policies and forms
staff
edumate
connect with us
02 6331 3911 connect@scotsallsaints.nsw.edu.au Bathurst:
70 Eglinton Rd, Bathurst White Rock
4173 O’Connell Rd,
White Rock NSW
privacy policy guiding positive online behaviour
scotsallsaints.nsw.edu.au
privacy policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, year of birth, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, apply, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We may at times use cookies for tracking purposes.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do link to third-party products or services on our website, only as recommendations.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We may at times use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honour Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 18 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 1 business day
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 1 business day
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
The Spam Act
The Spam Act covers email, mobile phone text messages (SMS), multimedia messaging (MMS), instant messaging (iM), and other electronic messages of a commercial nature, and gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process applications and to send information and updates pertaining to applications.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with The Spam Act, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
(02) 6331 3911
info@saints.nsw.edu.au
70 Eglinton Rd, Bathurst
space to
learn