http://scounsel.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Advantages
Services
Team Leaders
Clients & Transactions
Testimonials
Careers
Connect
Privacy Policy
ver. March 1, 2012
This Privacy Policy applies to information Strategic Counsel Corp. (“Strategic Counsel”) collects from users of this website. It does not apply to information received by Strategic Counsel from you in the course of an attorney-client relationship after you have engaged our firm, or received or collected by Strategic Counsel offline or through any other means.
Individual User Information. If you choose to submit personal information to Strategic Counsel through this website (for example, to sign up to receive Strategic Counsel publications), we will store and use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you notify us otherwise as described below.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy. This website is not directed to, nor intended for use by, minors. If Strategic Counsel becomes aware that it received personal information of minors, it will delete that information.
Third Party Sites. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information you submit to websites not controlled by Strategic Counsel, even if linked to this website. You should read and understand the privacy policies applicable to such third party sites and service providers.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT. In general, you may use this website without providing any information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). However, as described in greater detail below, you may choose to provide Personal Information to us. In addition, we will store and use information about you, including information about where and when you browse our website (“Visitor Information”), to continually improve the quality of our business and our website, as further described below.
Personal Information. You also may contact us by e-mail through this website. You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, employer’s name and your title. We use this information to communicate with you, and to provide you with publications and information that you may request.
We may also use your Personal Information to send you additional information that we believe may be of interest to you.
Visitor Information. When you use this website, we may collect certain information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, gather demographic information and generate user statistics (“Visitor Information”). The Visitor Information we collect includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your Internet host company (e.g., AOL), your browser software (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer), your software platform (e.g., Windows 8), the duration of your visit to our site, and the domain (e.g., .COM, .NET, .JP) of this website from which you arrived at our site.
Storage of Information. Our Site employs browser cookies to store users’ preferences and record session information. A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your browser on your hard drive. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that this website uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only Personal Information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We may use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of the information we supply to you and other users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor do we share this information or sell it to any third party. If you prefer not to receive cookies through this website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, doing so may hinder your ability to access, use or navigate portions of this website.
WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information. Unless you are a client of the firm, we may share your Personal Information (including e-mail address) with any third party.
If you are a client of the firm, we will share the Personal Information you submit on this website only: (1) with your consent, (2) when we believe in good faith disclosure is required by law, or (3) to third parties who are providing services to Strategic Counsel as needed to provide such services and subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations. We reserve the right to disclose information about you, including data on which pages you have visited, to third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect the security of our systems, websites, business, users or others.
Visitor Information. We may do anything we wish with Visitor Information, disclose it to whomever we wish, for any purpose whatsoever.
Such information may be linked to your Personal Information.
Transfer of Practice. We may provide and transfer to third parties any or all information regarding this website, including your Personal Information and Visitor Information, in connection with the transfer of all or a portion of Strategic Counsel’s practice, whether by merger, acquisition or otherwise.
GOVERNING LAW. This website is hosted within the United States. By providing any Personal Information to this website, you consent to the collection, processing, transfer, and storage of such information in the United States and any other country where Strategic Counsel or its service provider maintains offices, even if such country has a different level of privacy protection than the protection available under your local law. If you are a user accessing this Site from any region with regulations or laws governing personal data collection, use and disclosure, that differ from United States laws/regulations, please note that through your continued use of this Site, which is governed by U.S. Law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
SECURITY MEASURES. We use commercially reasonable security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access to Personal Information provided via this website and under our control, including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. However, please be aware that, despite these efforts, data transmission over the Internet is inherently insecure and we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted or provided through this website. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
CHANGES. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon posting the amended terms to this website. The date of update is specified at the beginning of these Terms.
Severability. If any provision of these Terms, including the Privacy Policy, is found to be void or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and all other provisions shall remain in force.
How to Contact Us. If you have any questions about these Terms, including the Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us via the Contact page on this website.
Terms of Use    Privacy
Except for the photographs, this work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.
The licenses and attributions for the photographs can be found here.