https://scp.org.au/privacy
x
Please contact the Parish office on 07 5510 2222 or info@scp.org.au
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy summary
Scope
This summary sets out the key points about how the Archdiocese of Brisbane handles personal information.
The parishes, schools and agencies of the Archdiocese of Brisbane (referred to in this document as we, us or our) operate in South East Queensland as part of the Catholic Church. The privacy of all individuals with whom we interact is very important to us and we are committed to protecting all personal information we collect and hold. We do this by handling information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
More information can be found in our main privacy policy, the Brisbane Catholic Education privacy policy and the Centacareprivacy policy.
Collection of your personal information
We usually collect personal information (including sensitive information) from you through your interaction with our education, welfare and religious functions and activities, mainly through your completion of application and registration forms. This collection maybe in person, over the internet, via email or through a telephone conversation with you.
Disclosure
Generally we only collect and disclose personal information about you (or sensitive information with your consent) for purposes reasonably required for the performance of our education, welfare and religious functions and activities. Generally, we only disclose personal information to overseas parishes for the purpose of recording sacraments in accordance with Church law.
Access and correction
If you ask, in most cases we must give you access to the personal information we hold about you and take reasonable steps to correct it if we consider it is incorrect. We will try to make the process as simple as possible.
How to make a complaint
You can complain to us in writing about how we have handled your personal information.
How to contact us
privacyofficer@bne.catholic.net.au
+61 7 3324 3579
GPO Box 282, Brisbane, Queensland, 4001
More information
For more information about privacy in general, you can visit the federal Privacy Commissioner’s website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Tel 07 5510 2222
Mary Immaculate Church
31 Edmund Rice Dr Ashmore
QLD
4214
Australia
Tel 07 5510 2222
Gold Coast University Hospital
1 Hospital Blvd, Southport
QLD
4215
Australia
Tel 07 5510 2222
MASS TIMES
Sacraments
About
Faith Life
Faith Life
Community Life
opportunities to serve
In the Parish
Outside the Parish
What’s on
What’s On
Site Credits
Privacy Policy
Child Protection
Refund Policy
Professional Standards
Copyright @ 2020 The Catholic Parish Of Southport