https://scriptureawakening.com/terms-privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentSA Terms & PrivacyIntroductionWelcome to the sites of Scripture Awakening, Inc. (SA), and its ministries including Bible in 90 Days (B90), BNEXT Bible Studies, and BEYOND Resources & Media. The use of the terms “us” “we” or “our” refer to SA and affiliated ministries of SA.TermsPlease review our sites’ Terms and Conditions of Use and our Privacy Policy before using this site or any of our sites, or any materials or services from any of our sites. By using this site, including downloading or accessing the materials published on this site and ordering products, or otherwise using our site, you agree to be bound by, and acknowledge your acceptance of, all the provisions and articles of these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.Ownership of the Site’s Intellectual
Property and MaterialExcept to extent that Third parties have allowed us to post or use their materials and trademarks on the site, all proprietary rights, title and interest in the Materials, in all languages, formats and media throughout the world, including all copyrights, are and will continue to be the exclusive property of SA and its affiliated ministries. “Materials” refer to our materials and Third Party materials, collectively.The Intellectual Property Rights of these Materials include those that are displayed on the site or utilized in conjunction with the service, together with their design and layout and items that are protected by copyright, trade mark or other laws. We exclusively own, or have the right to license, all intellectual property and proprietary information incorporated within the site, including without limitation the copyright in the site and all of its web pages and the common law trademarks, “Scripture Awakening,” “Connections,” “The Vital Connection,” and “Church Reflections” (the Trademarks”). SA maintains all of the web pages as a collective work under the United States copyright laws. By using or accessing the site or services you acknowledge and agree:That you will not acquire any rights in any part of the Materials or services.That you have no rights or interest in any content or Materials displayed on the site, except as expressly set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use.You may not remove, modify, or copy the Trademarks appearing on any of the Materials, or make any unauthorized use of such Trademarks, without the prior written consent of SA.SA reserves all rights not expressly granted by SA to you.Grant of LicenseIf you use this site to download or access Materials, order products or otherwise use our service, you agree that you are receiving a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to view and use the Materials solely in the regular course of fulfilling biblical, Christ-centered ministry-related purposes. Except as otherwise provided, the license includes the right to download and temporarily store insubstantial portions of the Materials (the “Downloaded Materials”) to a storage device under your exclusive control solely to display internally such Downloaded Materials and/or to use as a template for sermons and Bible studies you may be preparing. No permission is granted to download copies of Materials for any other purpose whatsoever, unless purchased and/or granted specifically, in writing, from the author or publisher of all Materials. Under this license, you may not engage in any of the following prohibited uses (the “Prohibited Uses”):Copy, download, store, publish, transmit, transfer, sell or otherwise use the Materials, or any portion of the Materials, in any form or by any means except: as expressly permitted by this Agreement, with SA’s prior written permission, orif not expressly prohibited by this Agreement use provision of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.A. § 107). Downloaded Materials shall not be stored or used in an archival database or other searchable database except as expressly permitted by this Agreement.Use the Materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the Materials, or transfer the Materials to another person or “mirror” the Materials on any other server.Sell, sub-license, reproduce, retransmit, photocopy, distribute, sell, and/or publish Materials (including printouts and Downloaded Materials) for or to any third parties or use the Materials as a component of or as a basis for any material offered for sale, license or distribution without the express prior written consent of SA.Use other computer programs or other automated method of accessing or obtaining Materials other than manually using a web browser.Make false or fraudulent statements, or use another company or organization’s user name or password, in your use of or to gain access to the Materials.Permit another company or organization to access the Downloaded Materials using your user name and password.Reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile, disassemble, translate, or otherwise alter the Materials, the data stream generated by your use of theMaterials, or any other software provided by SA or its licensors or suppliers in connection with your use of the Materials.Access the Materials through multiple IP addresses.Systematically access or excessive extract Materials, including use of “bots” or “spiders.”Use this site in a manner that violates any applicable law, including copyright law and United States export regulations.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SA at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these Materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any Downloaded Materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.DisclaimerALL THE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. AS A CONDITION OF USING THE MATERIALS, YOU ASSUME ALL RISK OF LOSS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF, OR RELIANCE ON, THE MATERIALS. SA MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE ACCESSIBILITY OF THE MATERIALS OR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIALS. SA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL CONDITIONS OF QUALITY. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. FURTHER, SA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, LIKELY RESULTS, OR RELIABILITY OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO SUCH MATERIALS OR ON ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE.LimitationsIn no event shall SA or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the Materials, even if SA or a SA authorized representative have been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold SA harmless from all liabilities, claims, judgment, and expenses, including attorney fees and costs, that arise from your use of the Materials and/or its web sites or violation of this Agreement. SA reserves the right to participate in its defense, require the use of qualified counsel reasonably acceptable to SA, and approve any settlement.Revisions and ErrataThe Materials could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. SA does not warrant that any of the Materials are accurate, complete or current. SA may make changes to the Materials at any time without notice. SA does not, however, make any commitment to update the Materials.MonitoringSA reserves the right to monitor your use of its web sites to ensure compliance with these Terms and Conditions of Use. Such monitoring of use may include determining whether or not you are engaging in any of the Prohibited Uses. If SA determines, in its discretion, that you are engaging in a Prohibited Use or otherwise in breach of the Terms and Conditions of Use, it reserves the right to take such action as it deems necessary, including, but not limited to, suspending or terminating your access, and/or pursuing legal action to the full extent of the law to protect its rights.LinksSA has reviewed some of the sites linked to its internet website, but SA is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SA of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.Site Terms of Use ModificationsSA may revise these Terms and Conditions of Use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.Governing LawAny claim relating to SA’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.