https://seaintuit.com/policy/
Order A Reading
Contact
Blog
Home
Contact
Seaintuit Reviews
Home
Order A Reading
Channeled Angel Reading
Medical Intuitive Reading
Energy Healing
Chakra Healing
Pet Psychic Reading & Healing
Channel Spirit Reading
Corporate & Business Psychic Consulting
Testimonials
Q&A
Blog
Privacy Policy:
All readings are held in the strictest confidence. Any personal information, email addressess, or any other data is kept private.
Seaintuit uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its on-line visitors. and only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. when voluntarily submitted by the visitor. This information is used solely by Seaintuit, its divisions, subsidiaries or other entities that are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes and is not sold or transferred to third parties. Only visitors who request e-mail will receive e-mail. Seaintuit reserves the right to update this policy at any time. Be sure to check this page periodically for changes.
In addition, this site may provide links to other Internet websites that are not under the control of Seaintuit. Seaintuit assumes no responsibility for the content of any non-Seaintuit linked Internet website. A link to an Internet website should not be considered an endorsement by Seaintuit of the website, its owner or of the site’s privacy policies.
Disclaimer:
It is your sole responsibility what you do with the reading and the information given. Suggestions regarding health matters do not constitute medical advice or replace the advice of a licensed physician. Suggestions concerning legal matters do not constitute legal advice. Any advice or information given is my intuitive opinion. I am required by law to state that these readings are for entertainment purposes only.
Order a Reading
What People Are Saying:
Very positive reading and she answered every question I asked. Thank you Nancy!
Read More >
Recent Updates
Coronavirus-Covid 19 and Pets
Blessing
Pet health alert for dogs!
Seaintuit Testimonials and Review Pages
Those who have truly loved their pets know this to be true