https://secularhumanism.org/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy explains how the Council for Secular Humanism (the Council) collects and uses the personal information collected on its Web sites. The following applies to the gathering and dissemination of information through all resources hosted at www.secularhumanism.org and may be changed by the Council at any time.
What We Collect
The Council gathers the following types of information about users:
Information users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive electronic communications such as emails and podcasts, to participate in our online discussion forums, to email a friend, to participate in an online advocacy campaign, to make an online donation, and to purchase a good or service from our online store.
Aggregated tracking information. The Council analyzes visitor demographic and traffic statistics to improve our web sites. Under no circumstances does the Council divulge such information about an individual user to a third party.
Personal Data
The Council stores all personal data voluntarily provided by Web site visitors. The Council does not share, sell, or provide this information to third parties.
Credit Card Transactions
Credit card payments are processed through Convio and Shopify. Credit card information provided during the ordering process can’t be accessed by the Council once the transaction has been processed.
Cookies
We may provide a small data file called a “cookie” which is stored on your computer. This is intended to enhance the browsing experience of Web site visitors. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Certain areas of the Council Website utilize cookies to automatically store login information for subsequent visits. If you are using a public computer or prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to reject cookies.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Web site, please direct your questions by mail to:
3965 Rensch Rd. Amherst, NY 14228.
You may also send an email to info@secularhumanism.org; please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
ShareTweet
Terms · Privacy Statement
Center for Inquiry, Inc © 2020 · All Rights Reserved.
Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 22-2306795
{"cart_token":"","hash":"","cart_data":""}