https://see-ran.org/privacy/
Liz@see-ran.com
+440800 567 482
See – Ran Professional Business Advice
Help and advice from the professional
Menu
HomeAbout Us
Contact US
Our Services
Privacy and Terms
Tenancy Law Claims
Privacy and Terms
Terms
Please note that all advice given is based on third party advice from qualified lawyers, accountants and other professional people. If you find some constructive advice on this website. Please seek advice from your own legal representative, located within the country you live in. Every country has its own legal set of rules.
Privacy Policy
We at SEE Ran Solicitors, heartily welcome you to our site. According to our beliefs, trust is of fundamental importance for any business relationship. We respect your privacy, and the following Privacy Policy highlights the information we collect, and how we use them. Additionally, this Privacy Policy contains our third party link information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect from the website, and it doesn’t take into account our offline works. We are not responsible for any third party link, which may be on the site pages.
When browsing through our site and services, you confirm that you have read the Privacy Policy, and abide by it. Subject to possible change at any time with/without providing any notification from our sole discretion. It is the sole responsibility of the website visitors to keep himself or herself updated.
What Information do we collect?
When you visit our site, you will find a form, which will entail you to enter your name, email, subject, and message. The information is for providing quality leads to plumbing companies in the Wirral. Additionally, his information will never be sold to any third party. It is sole to provide you a faster response in the Wirral. We can also collect information through conducting surveys.
You can always visit our site anonymously without filling the above details.
What do we with the Information?
We use your information only to enhance the experience of our visitors. We collect information from below ways.
• Enhance guest experience- Your information helps us to customize our visitor needs
• Improving Site- We have improved our site, and services for months. This improvement has been possible because of the feedback received from our guests.
• Improving Customer Services- The information you enter on our site home page, helps us to provide resolution.
• Received Requests- We have a strict policy that none of your information (public or private) would be sold, leased or exchanged to a third party. We will use your information only for processing your requests.
• Send Periodic Mails- We may send you an email to inform you about the changes, and enhancement of our services.
Additionally, we can tell you about the company news, events, and special offers for you.
You may receive a newsletter from our site, which you can unsubscribe at any time.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies for recording analytics, for improving the visitor experience.
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
As we had mentioned above, we never sell, lease or exchange any information with any third party Information is shared, with parties, who have agreed to keep your information confidential.
However, we might need to provide your information to comply with the law.
Offline Services
We do not obtain any money from the clients. Additionally, we never hold any customer data
Third Party Links
Our site may contain products or services, which points to third parties. We are not responsible in any manner after you leave our site. Every site has its privacy policy, and it is recommended you read it.
Contact Us at
Recent Posts
Contract Advice for Business Owners
Advice on Buying Gold Bullion
A Guide To The Benefits Of Wirral IT Support When You Need It
The Printing Law of Thumb
What is the best cloud accounting solution for you and your business?
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Business Law
Finance
General
Information Technology
Printing
Professional Advice
Business NewsUS telcos ordered to 'rip and replace' Huawei componentsThe order is the latest US move against Chinese telecommunications firm Huawei on security groundsPop Mart: China's mystery toymaker becomes multi-billionaireThe founder of Pop Mart has seen his wealth surge as millions of Chinese buy collectible toys.Disney ramps up Star Wars and Marvel franchisesThe move marks another industry shift away from cinema to streaming.Brexit stockpiling: 'I can't get my wine out of the EU'Merchant Simon Taylor says delays at ports and Brexit stockpiling is making wine imports impossible.Royal Mail delays blamed on 'exceptional' volumes of postDespite "exhaustive planning", some customers may experience delayed deliveries, the postal group says.Covid-19: Canary Islands added to UK quarantine listUK tourists travelling from the islands will have to self-isolate for two weeks.Frasers Group confirms interest in Arcadia brandsMike Ashley's retail group says it is looking at buying Arcadia brands such as Topshop.Banks can re-start dividend payments, regulator saysThe Prudential Regulation Authority regulator says banks are strong enough to do so.Investors mob Airbnb listing giving it $100bn valueThe firm's flotation is the biggest of the year in the US - despite the troubles it faces from the pandemic.Could Brexit make my food more expensive?The UK is negotiating a new trade deal with the EU - how might the result affect food prices?Tesco and Morrisons defy call to shut on Boxing DayThe supermarkets will open but Asda gives staff the day off for working during the pandemic.Britons could be barred from EU entry on 1 JanuaryEU pandemic rules and Brexit may restrict travellers from entering the European Union.
About Us
See-Ran Advice on Law 2016
The Plaza Kentish Town London
+440800 567 482
Recent Posts
Contract Advice for Business Owners
Advice on Buying Gold Bullion
Social Media
© 2016 See – Ran Professional Business Advice. All Rights Reserved
Spirited Lite Theme