https://seelos.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Menu
Adjust font size
A
A
A
Decrease font size
-
Increase font size
+
Visits
Book a Group Tour
Give
0 Items
Home
About
The Shrine
Seelos Biography
Historical Timeline
Cause for Canonization
Walk of Life Museum
Seelos In the Media
Support
Volunteer
Donate
Light a Votive Candle
Request a Mass
Charitable Giving
Prayers & Blessings
Prayers to Bl. Seelos
Submit a Prayer Petition
Request a Relic Blessing
Important Relic Information
Submit a Healing or Favor Granted
Prayer Message Board
Shop
Made in New Orleans
Made by Redemptorists
Contact
Join Our Mailing List
Renew Newsletter Subscription
Newsletter Archives
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how the National Shrine of Blessed Francis Xavier Seelos (“the Shrine”) uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website. We recognize the importance of maintaining the privacy of your personal and sensitive information. The features and functionality of this website do require us to collect such information and we have a responsibility to protect this information for as long as it is in our possession.
What data do we collect?
The Shrine collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, mailing address, etc.)
Credit card and payment information
Certain non-identifiable information based on your use of this website
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide the Shrine with the data we collect. We collect and process data when you:
Place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a form on our website.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
The Shrine collects your data so that we can:
Process your transactions.
Provide customer service.
Email you with special offers and upcoming Shrine events we think you might like.
Improve the functionality of this website and for system administration purposes.
When the Shrine processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
The Shrine securely stores your data on servers in the United States. We give access to individually identifiable information about our users only to those employees who require it to fulfill customer service requests.
The Shrine will keep your individually identifiable information indefinitely.
You post content on the website at your own risk. Although we allow you to set preferences and permissions that limit access to your pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for circumvention of any preferences or permissions or security measures contained on this website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Individual Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other individuals have copied or stored your Individual Content.
Marketing
The Shrine would like to send you information about events, products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop the Shrine from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email us.
What are your data protection rights?
The Shrine would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request the Shrine for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that the Shrine correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request the Shrine to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that the Shrine erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that the Shrine restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the Shrine’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that the Shrine transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our website, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
The Shrine uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – the Shrine uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – the Shrine uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
This website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
The Shrine keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 20 July 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about the Shrine’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that the Shrine has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
Disclaimer
The Shrine may change, supplement, or amend this notice as it relates to your future use of this website from time to time, for any reason.
The Shrine does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to the Shrine or on this site. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
Thank you for subscribing. We kindly ask your consideration of a $12 annual offering to help defray the cost of printing and postage. Please allow UP TO 6 WEEKS before receiving your first issue.
Donate Now
Close Popup
×