https://servite.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Servants of Mary recognizes that visitors to our Website may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns.
User Agreement:
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and The Servants of Mary (“SOM”). By accessing, browsing and/or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms, as well as the previously stated copyright information, and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The Contents of this site are protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright law and international treaties.
Any information that you post on this site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site.
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties (“External Sites”). You acknowledge that the SOM is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any External Site. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such External Sites.
SOM may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Applicable Law:
This site is created and controlled by The Servants of Mary in the State of Illinois, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Illinois will govern these terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws. SOM reserves the right to make changes to our site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Our Postal Address:
The Servants of Mary
1439 Harlem Ave
Berwyn, Illinois 60402
www.servite.org
Our Policy:
The Servants of Mary respects the privacy of our online visitors. We do not require you to register or provide personal information to us in order to view our site. We gather personal data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers only when voluntarily and knowingly submitted by a visitor. Circle of Roses partners have the option to also provide their birth month and date to us.
What We Do with the Information We Collect:
Unless you indicate otherwise when you place your order or make your donation, you will occasionally receive postal mailings from us regarding our programs. We will use your e-mail address or phone number only to contact you if we have a question regarding your donation/order. We will use your e-mail address to periodically send you updates if you have indicated you wish to receive them from us when you place your order or make your donation.
E-Mail Addresses:
Email addresses are obtained by Web site visitor opt-in only format. At no time do we ever share your email address with any other organizations, persons, or parties. We do not obtain any email lists from other companies, individuals, organizations, or Web sites. Individuals may opt-out at any time.
Information We Share with Others:
We do not share only your name and postal address with other organizations.
Transaction Security:
We care about the safety and security of your online transaction. When you use a credit card to make a donation at servitedevelopment.org, your personal credit card information, including your credit card number is encrypted before it travels over the Internet. This technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us. Making a credit card donation online at servitedevelopment.org is just as safe as making a credit card purchase over the telephone. We recognize the importance of respecting the integrity of this material and limit access only to personnel authorized to process your request.
Our Use of Cookies:
Donations to servitedevelopment.org are possible only if your web browser is set to enable cookies. A “cookie” is a small text file stored and controlled by you personally, on your web browser on your computer’s hard drive. Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice. Cookies allow us to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our website. We do not use the cookie to track your activity on sites other than servitedevelopment.org.
Aggregate Information:
We collect non-personal information about how users navigate through our web site. We aggregate this statistical information in order to improve our site, and we may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies. This aggregated information does not include any individual names or personal data, so it does not identify you or any other visitor in any way.
Additional Information:
Our website has links to others websites whose privacy policies may differ from ours. The Servants of Mary is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.
This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, please e-mail: director@servitedevelopment.org,
or write to: The Servants of Mary, 1439 Harlem Ave, Berwyn Illinois 60402,
or call us at (800) 778-4000