https://shaevitzandshaevitz.com/privacy-policy-2/
Blog
Home
CONTACT US
Shaevitz & Shaevitz
Over 50 Years Of Experience In Injury Cases
We Specialize In Working With All
Types Of Motor Vehicle Accident Cases
We File Workers' Compensation &
Construction Accident Claims
We Have Won Millions Of Dollars In Jury Verdicts &
Settlements For Thousands Of Clients
Don't Let Negligent & Careless Medical Professionals
Get Away With Malpractice. We Can Help.
Caring, Compassionate Legal Support In
Wrongful Death Cases
Personal InjuryAreas Of Practice
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Slip & Fall
Dog Bites
Medical Malpractice
Wrongful Death
Construction Site Accidents
Workers’ Compensation
Burn Injury
Free case consultation
Case Results
Who Is at Fault For A Pedestrian/Au ...
Have you been involved in an accident with a moving vehicle while you were a pedestrian? Pedestrian/ ...
148-55 Hillside AvenueJamaica, NY 11435-3330Call Now for a Free Consultation
(718) 291-3400 (718) LAW-SUIT
Bronx Location:
910 E Gun Hill Rd
Bronx, NY
10469
PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Shaevitz & Shaevitz
148-55 Hillside Avenue
Jamaica, NY 11435-3330
Home
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
SITEMAP
Blog
The hiring of an attorney is an important decision that should not be based solely on advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. The information on this website is for general information purposes only. This information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney client relationship.
Address: 148-55 Hillside Avenue
Jamaica, NY 11435-3330
Phone: (718) 291-3400,
(718) LAW-SUIT
Second Location:
910 E Gun Hill Rd Bronx, NY
10469
© 2020 All Rights Reserved.