http://shelteringarms.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all websites under BakerRipley’s direction and control. BakerRipley may make changes to this policy at any time and without notice. This policy should be construed to conform to all local and federal regulations. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
We may collect personal information when you visit our website and submit such information to BakerRipley This information may be cumulative over time and may be kept in our secured systems at BakerRipley or other third party systems contracted by BakerRipley. The information we collect will depend on the interaction you choose to have with us through the website. For example, if you submit an application for employment, we may collect information which includes your name, address and other contact information, past and current work history, other questions regarding your past, list of references, the positions for which you are applying, and other pertinent information needed to consider you for possible employment.
The Way We Use Information
We do not rent or sell information about you to other people or organizations. We do not share information about you with other people or organizations, except in the following circumstances:
To facilitate providing the products, goods or services that you have requested;
To investigate, prevent or take action regarding potentially illegal activities, or violations of BakerRipley’s Terms of Service;
In response to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or when reasonably necessary to conduct our business.
For example, when you make an online donation, your credit card information is collected and handled by a third-party vendor. Your contact information is collected by BakerRipley in order to acknowledge your donation—you may elect to remain an anonymous donor and you may choose not to receive additional communications from us.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We continually analyze our systems and processes to ensure they meet industry standards for privacy and security, including the use of encryption technologies, user authentication systems (e.g. passwords and personal identification numbers) and access control mechanisms.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information through our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding what information is being collected by BakerRipley and how to review personal information collected and request corrections, please contact:
Read our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices.
Robert Medina, Privacy Officer
P.O. Box 271389, Houston, Texas 77277-1389
privacyofficer@bakerripley.org