https://shenandoahcountyva.us/privacy-policy/
Services
As adapted from http://automattic.com/privacy/ issued under Creative Commons Sharealike license
Shenandoah County, Virginia (“Shenandoah County”) operates several websites including shenandoahcountyva.us, shenandoahtravel.org, shenandoah-ed.org, scfr.net, scpr.info, and scprsignup.info. It is Shenandoah County’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Shenandoah County collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Shenandoah County’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Shenandoah County’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Shenandoah County may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Shenandoah County also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Shenandoah County only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Shenandoah County’s websites choose to interact with Shenandoah County in ways that require Shenandoah County to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Shenandoah County gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who contact us to provide a name and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Shenandoah County – by purchasing or registering for an item, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Shenandoah County collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Shenandoah County. Shenandoah County does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Shenandoah County may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Shenandoah County may monitor the most popular pages on the shenandoahcountyva.us site. Shenandoah County may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Shenandoah County does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Shenandoah County discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Shenandoah County’s behalf or to provide services available at Shenandoah County’s website(s), and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Shenandoah County’s website(s), you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Shenandoah County will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Shenandoah County discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Shenandoah County believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Shenandoah County, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Shenandoah County website and have supplied your email address, Shenandoah County may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Shenandoah County. We primarily use our various site(s) to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Shenandoah County takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Shenandoah County uses cookies to help Shenandoah County identify and track visitors, their usage of the Shenandoah County website(s), and their website access preferences. Shenandoah County visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Shenandoah County’s website(s), with the drawback that certain features of Shenandoah County’s website(s) may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Shenandoah County utilizes a 3rd party display advertising partner, AdRoll, which enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with shenandoahcountyva.us. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit the page http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Business Transfers
If Shenandoah County, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Shenandoah County goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Shenandoah County may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Shenandoah County and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Shenandoah County may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Shenandoah County’s sole discretion. Shenandoah County encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.