http://shlaw.ca/terms-conditions/
Home
Firm
Our Philosophy
Leadership
In The Community
News & Events
Team
Practice
Careers
A Day in the Life
Apply
FAQ
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms of Use
Any use of the websites www.shlaw.ca and www.classactionlaw.ca (the “Websites”) is subject to the following Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”). If you, in your personal capacity, on account of your business organization or otherwise (collectively the “User”) do not agree with these Terms, please do not access, use, or download content from the Websites in any form or manner whatsoever. These terms may be changed by Scarfone Hawkins LLP (“Scarfone Hawkins”), in their sole and absolute discretion, at any time without notice.
The User agrees that the Websites shall only be accessed through a standard computer or mobile device browser and that the User will not take any action in any form that causes damage, disables, impairs, overburdens, or interferes with the Websites or the enjoyment and use of the same by any other party.
The User’s use of the Websites constitutes his or her agreement to be bound by and to comply with these Terms and the Scarfone Hawkins Privacy Policy contained herein.
Disclaimers
The materials provided on this site are strictly for information purposes only. These materials constitute general information regarding profiles of professionals, articles, publications, information, events, data and other materials relating or familiar to our firm lawyers. They do not constitute legal advice or other professional advice and the User may not rely on the contents of this website as such. Viewing, in whole or in part, the contents of the Websites or communicating with a Scarfone Hawkins legal professional through the website, by electronic mail or otherwise shall not be construed as establishing a solicitor-client relationship with the User.
The contents of the Websites do not necessarily represent the opinions of Scarfone Hawkins or its clients. If legal advice is required, the User should retain competent legal counsel to act on the User’s behalf.
If the User would like to retain Scarfone Hawkins, please contact one of our lawyers. A solicitor-client relationship will not arise between the User and our firm unless we specifically and explicitly agree to act on the User’s behalf. Until we agree to act for a User on a matter, confidential information or material should not be provided to Scarfone Hawkins.
Confidentiality of Communications
Scarfone Hawkins does not guarantee the confidentiality of any communications sent by e-mail or through the Websites, or left in voicemail messages on firm telephones. Unsolicited information and material may not be treated as confidential and will not be protected by any solicitor-client relationship, unless our firm explicitly agrees to act on behalf of the User.
Liability and Indemnity
This Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the law of Ontario and the User irrevocably agrees to be bound by the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts located in Ontario, Canada.
Scarfone Hawkins and its partners will have no liability for any damage arising from the misuse of any information provided on this website. The information provided on the website is not legal advice and should not be relied upon as such. Doing so without seeking the advice of legal counsel constitutes a misuse of the information.
Scarfone Hawkins specifically disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind with respect to the materials and information on the Websites, and shall not have any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, currency, completeness, or any errors or omissions in the materials on the Websites; for the user’s action or inaction in connection with the Websites; or for any damage to the User’s computer or data or any other damage the user may incur in connection with the Websites. The user’s use of the Websites is at the User’s own risk. In no event, to the maximum extent permitted by law, shall Scarfone Hawkins, its associates, affiliates or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Websites, the materials or information on the Websites, the delay or inability to use the Websites or otherwise arising in connection with the Websites, whether based in contract, tort, delict, strict liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of any such damages.
The User irrevocably agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Scarfone Hawkins, its associates, affiliates, agents, partners and employees harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand including reasonable legal fees, due to or arising out of the User’s use of the Websites and/or breach of any Terms.
Copyright and Trade-Marks
The copyright in the Websites and all materials contained therein are owned, or licensed by Scarfone Hawkins and are protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. Except for the permitted uses described below, the Websites, as a whole, or in part, may not be reproduced, published, displayed, distributed, broadcast, communicated or made available in any other manner without the express prior written consent of Scarfone Hawkins. To obtain such consent, please contact Jeffrey C. Teal (jteal@shlaw.ca) or James Mahler (jmahler@shlaw.ca) or call 905-523-1333.
Scarfone Hawkins LLP, VHSSTT Management Inc., www.shlaw.ca, and www.classactionlaw.ca
are trade-marks of Scarfone Hawkins, including all script and design variations thereof, and the “three bar” logo, , is a registered trademark of the same.
All other brand names, product names and trade-marks are the property of their respective owners.
Permitted Uses
The User may only access and use the Websites in accordance with these Terms and all applicable laws. Subject to these Terms, the User is granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to access and use the Websites for the purposes of displaying and saving the content on the User’s personal computer or mobile device and downloading and printing a personal copy of the content, provided that the content is not modified in any form or manner whatsoever. The User agrees not to engage in any reproduction, duplication, copying, selling, reselling, or exploiting for commercial purposes any portion of the Websites other than as expressly authorized herein or on written consent from Scarfone Hawkins.
Prohibited Uses
The User agrees that the Websites or the content contained herein shall not be used or accessed for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. The User agrees not to upload, reproduce, distribute, or otherwise transmit through the Websites:
Any 	material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene character;
Any 	material that gives rise to civil liability, or otherwise violates 	the rights or assists others to violate the rights of Scarfone 	Hawkins or any third party, such violations including engaging in 	copyright infringement, invasion of privacy, trademark infringement 	or defamation;
Any 	material that constitutes a criminal offence, or otherwise engages 	in or assists others to engage in any criminal offence, including 	communicating hatred, pyramid selling, unauthorized use of a 	computer, mischief in relation to data, fraud, obscenity and child 	pornography;
Any 	material that engages in threats, harassment, intimidation, 	stalking, abuse, or any conduct that violates the legal rights of 	others, including the rights of minors and rights relating to 	privacy and publicity;
Any 	material that scans or probes another computer system, obstructs or 	bypasses computer identification procedures or engages in 	unauthorized computer or network trespass without express permission 	of the owners of such computer systems;
Any 	material that forges headers or otherwise manipulates any protocols 	or identifiers used in any system or protocol in such a manner to 	disguise the origin of any data transmitted using the Websites; or
Any 	material that impersonates or falsely represents the User’s 	association with any person, including a representative of Scarfone 	Hawkins.
Without limiting any of Scarfone Hawkins’ rights, Scarfone Hawkins may suspend, restrict, or terminate the User’s use of the Websites without notice if, in our sole and absolute discretion, it is determined or believed that the User has violated any of the acceptable use rules set out above.
Hyperlinking
Any direct hyperlinking of the Websites may damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Scarfone Hawkins and its trademarks or create the false appearance that the User’s organization or entity is sponsored by, associated, or affiliated with Scarfone Hawkins. Hyperlinking directly to other pages within or from any part of the Websites or framing content of any part of the Websites is prohibited without prior written consent of Jeffrey C. Teal or James Mahler of Scarfone Hawkins LLP, or a person so designated by them. Scarfone Hawkins reserves the right to revoke any consent to any hyperlink at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Websites have been designated to be a resource for information on matters that might be of interest to current or potential clients. As a result, there may be links throughout the Websites to third party sites. These links are provided for convenience only, and shall not be interpreted to imply that Scarfone Hawkins endorses or recommends the information contained in linked web sites, or guarantees its accuracy, timeliness or fitness for a particular purpose. Scarfone Hawkins takes no responsibility for the content or practices of third party sites and any such use of third party websites shall be at the sole risk of the User.
Feedback
Scarfone Hawkins welcomes your feedback. If you have any questions or comments about the Websites, this legal notice or the firm’s Privacy Policy please contact Jeffrey C. Teal (jteal@shlaw.ca) or James Mahler (jmahler@shlaw.ca) or call 905-523-1333.
Navigation MenuHome
Our Firm
Our Practice
Our Team
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
From our blog
Memory Book Update – HLA Journal – by David Thompson
November 13, 2017
A JUDICIAL SHIFT IN THE ENFORCEABILITY OF TERMINATION CLAUSES
December 2, 2013
ADVISING CLIENTS ON THE PURCHASE OF A CONDOMINIUM UNDER
December 2, 2013
Paint your career path at Scarfone Hawkins
Learn more
Office Address:
1 James St S, 14th Floor,
Hamilton, ON L8P 4R5
MailingAddress:
1 James Street South, 14th Floor,
P.O. Box 926, Depot 1
Hamilton, Ontario L8N 3P9
Phone: 905-523-1333
Fax: 905-523-5878
Email: info@shlaw.ca
SitemapHome
Our Philosophy
Leadership
In The Community
News & Events
Our Team
Our Practice
Careers
Contact
Making Ontario Accessible Scarfone Hawkins LLP is committed to maintaining an accessible environment for persons with disabilities in the delivery of its services under the AODA Act, 2005.
Please click here for our Accessible Customer Service Plan.
© 2020 Scarfone Hawkins LLP. Web Design by Human Code.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy