https://showaltergroup.com/privacy-and-security-policies/
RSS
Twitter
LinkedIn
Media
What We Do
Client Results and Case Studies
Our Clients
Testimonials
Our Approach
About You
Services & ProductsHow We Can Help You
Advisory Services
Consulting and Research
Crossfire Research: PAC and Grassroots Message Testing and Implementation
Public Conferences and Workshops
Coaching
Speaking, Training, Facilitation
Building Legislator Relationships
Innovate to Motivate® Conference
Research Reports and Books
Free ResourcesArticles, Reports & Videos
2020 GRIP® Research
Articles
Special Reports
Assessments
Engagement Edge Videos/Recordings
Amyisms
Newsletter Archive
AboutMeet & Reach Us
About TSG
Meet Amy
Our Team
Contact
Privacy and Security Policies
HomePrivacy and Security Policies
Privacy Statement
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell, share or trade your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Amy on Twitter
Amy Showalter
3 weeks ago
Nursing home worker says COVID-19 restrictions causing depression in residents - ABC News abcnews.go.com/Health/nursing…
Follow Us
RSS
Twitter
LinkedIn
Keywords
Grassroots Advocacy
Political Action Committee Fundraising Campaign
Political Action Committee Consultant
Grassroots Advocacy Expert
The Showalter Group
Amy Showalter
Newsletter Signup
Email Marketing by iContact
Copyright © 2018 The Showalter Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
top
Home
Blog
Contact
Privacy and Security