https://siit.ca/privacy/
Student Dashboard | Staff Dashboard
COVID-19 Info
Apply Now
Student Dashboard
Staff Dashboard
About Us
President’s Message
History
Publications
Policies
Media Releases
Contact Us
Contact Us
Book a Tour
Location Information
Careers
Privacy Statement
Privacy Legislation & Privacy Statement
Protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information is an important aspect of the way the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies (SIIT) conducts its business. Collecting, using, and disclosing personal information in an appropriate, responsible, and ethical manner is fundamental to Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies’ daily operations.
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies strives to protect and respect the personal information of its customers, employees, business partners, stakeholders and any affected parties SIIT conducts business with in accordance with all applicable provincial and federal laws. Each staff member of the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies must abide by the institute’s procedures and practices when handling personal information.
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies complies with the requirements governing the collection, use and disclosure of personal information set out in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”).
What we collect and why
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies collects and uses personal information as defined by PIPEDA solely for the purpose of conducting business and developing an understanding of its customers and students.
Access, Security and Storage of Information
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies vows to protect personal information with the appropriate security measures, physical safeguards, and electronic precautions. SIIT maintains personal information through a combination of paper and electronic files. Where required by law or disaster recovery/business continuity policies, older records may be stored in a secure, offsite location.
Access to personal information will be authorized only for the employees and other agents of the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies who require the information to perform their job duties, and to those otherwise authorized by law
Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies’ computer and network systems are secured by passwords. Only authorized individuals may access secure systems and databases.
Active files are kept in locked filing cabinets
Routers and servers connected to the Internet are protected by a firewall, and are further protected from virus attacks or “snooping” by sufficient software solutions
Use and Disclosure of Information
Under no circumstances will the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies sell, distribute, or otherwise disclose personal information or contact lists to third parties. However, limited disclosure may be required as part of SIIT fulfilling its stated business duties and day-to-day operations. This may include consultants, suppliers, or business partners of SIIT, but only with the understanding that these parties obey and abide by SIIT’s Privacy Policy, to the extent necessary of fulfilling their own business duties and day-to-day operations.
Consent occurs and is obtained when an individual signs an application or other form containing personal information, including submitting on-line applications, thereby authorizing SIIT to collect, use, and disclose the individual’s personal information for the purposes stated on the form.
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies may collect, use or disclose personal information without the individual’s consent under particular circumstances. These situations include, but are not limited to:
SIIT is under obligation by law to disclose personal information in order to adhere to the requirements of an investigation of the contravention of a provincial or federal law, under the purview of the appropriate authorities
An emergency exists that threatens an individual’s life, health, or personal security
The personal information is for in-house statistical study or research
The personal information is already publicly available
Disclosure is required to investigate a breach of contract
Inquiries/complaints directed to whom
An employee or student of SIIT who would like to know what personal information SIIT has collected about him/her should direct the inquiry to the Director of Human Resources at 1-306-244-4444 who will respond to the inquiry as quickly as possible and, in any event, not later than thirty (30) days after receiving the request. If the thirty day timeframe can not be made and an extension is required, written notice will be provided to the individual outlining the expected date of response. In accordance with PIPEDA, SIIT also reserves the right to deny an employee or student access to personal information if the record would reveal personal information about another individual.
Right to Refuse
Written consent must be obtained prior to the collection of personal information; individuals have the right to withdraw their consent by submitting a written request to withdraw to the appropriate unit that was requesting consent to collect.
Access to Privacy Policy
In most instances the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies will grant individuals access to their personal information upon presentation of a written request and satisfactory identification. If an individual finds errors of fact with his/her personal information, the individual should notify SIIT as soon as possible to make the appropriate corrections. Should the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies deny an individual’s request for access to his/her personal information, the individual will be advised in writing of the reason for such a refusal. The individual may then challenge the decision.
Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies
Administration OfficeSuite 118-335 Packham AvenueAsimakaniseekan Askiy ReserveSaskatoon, SK S7N 4S1306-244-4444
FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow
Disclaimer
Privacy
VTRA Fair Notice Statement