http://site.foodshare.org/2017_privacy
Hunger in Greater Hartford
Our Work
How You Can Help
About Foodshare
Our Team
Partner Resources
Careers
Newsroom
Contact Us
Register/Login
Volunteer
About Foodshare
How You Can Help
Our Work
Hunger in Greater Hartford
Foodshare shares the concerns of our donors and other audiences about privacy. In order to better protect your privacy, Foodshare has provided this notice explaining how it utilizes information and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Foodshare.
Our Commitment to Our Donors
We will not sell, share or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
This applies to all information received by Foodshare, through the Site as well as through any other electronic, written, or oral communications.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Foodshare’s Collection and Use of Personal Information
In the course of Foodshare doing business, and/or during your use of the Site, Foodshare may have access to or ask you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, and other relevant information.
Except as otherwise indicated, Foodshare uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) for communication purposes and as part of Foodshare ‘s constituent database; (c) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation or as otherwise required by law; (d) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (f) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (g) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, Foodshare’s agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Foodshare encourages all its business Partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Foodshare does not sell, rent or share any personal information that it collects. Foodshare will only use the Personal Information as detailed in this policy. Foodshare owns all Personal Information provided to it, and maintains copies as part of its business records.
Foodshare’s Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Foodshare also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) when you visit the Site.
Aggregate Data is information like the type of browser you are using, the operating system you are using, your Internet service provider’s domain name, the number of visits to the Site, and/or data about the pages visited. The Site also uses Google Analytics, which provides information about site users’ interests, habits, and other demographic information. Google Analytics does not collect any personally identifiable information about you, and the generic information the system does collect is used only by Foodshare for the purpose of better understanding our site visitors and improving your Site experience. You may opt out of having this information collected through any of several software programs, including Google’s own program at this address: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Foodshare may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services, communications, and/or products to fit your needs.
Also, Foodshare shares Aggregate Data with Foodshare's affiliates, advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. Foodshare owns the Aggregate Data and maintains copies of such as part of its business records.
Opt Out from Foodshare Communications
If you do not wish to receive any materials or contact from Foodshare, please contact us at (860) 286-9999 or donations@foodshare.org. Upon receipt and processing of an "opt out" request, Foodshare will remove your information from any future marketing communications.
Security; No Liability
Foodshare has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under Foodshare's control. Foodshare protects your information by using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology. SSL encrypts your information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than Foodshare. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on the Site, and Foodshare is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the Site contains links to other web sites. Foodshare is not responsible for nor can Foodshare ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
Modification of Privacy Policy
Foodshare may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
How to Contact Foodshare for Any Reason
You may contact Foodshare with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any personally identifiable information or anything else related to Foodshare and/or this Site at contact-us@foodshare.org or at (860) 286-9999.
How You Can Help
Take action today and donate your time to Foodshare. We offer a variety of opportunities to get involved and give back.
Financial gifts help more of our neighbors access nutritious food. Your donation can be the difference between hunger and health.
Join us for events that raise awareness and support for the Foodshare mission, or host an event of your own.
Raise your voice to help end hunger in Greater Hartford. Together we can build systemic solutions that bring lasting change.
Success Stories
Florien and Wanda
Florien struggles with dementia but at 95 years old, that does not define who he is.
Maribel Bermudez
When Maribel Bermudez was laid off after her employer downsized, her husband's salary wasn’t enough to cover all of their expenses, especially with two kids.
Chris and Alana Woodward
You can tell right away that Chris and Alana are devoted, caring parents, ready to do whatever it takes to make their family work.
Join Our Community
2019 Foodshare, Inc. All rights reserved.
Foodshare, Inc. is a beneficiary of contributions to United Way through workplace giving campaigns.
Brand and website design by Fathom, development by A.L.Renna