https://slipdiscministries.com/privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
This website (“Website”), located at slipdiscministries.com domain name (the “Website”), is published and maintained by Slip Disc Ministries in Jackson, Tennessee.
By accessing and using the Website, and/or using the services offered on or through the Website (the “Services”), you agree to this Privacy Policy as it may be amended from time-to-time.
1. Purpose.
Your privacy is important to us. When you use our Website, we may collect certain information from your computer and, depending on the Services you use, we may ask you for Personal Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy explains generally what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances it might be shared outside Slip Disc Ministries.
2. Information Collected.
a. “Personal Information,” for purposes of this Policy, means such information as your name, contact information, occupation, and affiliation. We will not collect any Personal Information about you without first explicitly asking you for it. By providing Personal Information to this Web site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories.
b. “Anonymous Information.” Through your use of the website, we may also gather certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data” and may involve the use of “Cookies,” “IP addresses” or other numeric codes used to identify a computer. We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with this website. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit this website. We also collect information regarding user traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve this website and to provide our users with a fulfilling experience. In addition, if you wish to access our Image Collection, you must agree to our Terms of Use Agreement, and the process of indicating your agreement (i.e., clicking on “I agree”) requires accepting a cookie.
c. “User Information,” for purposes of this Policy, includes all of the above.
3. Use of Information.
We may use User Information for purposes such as to send you an e-newsletter or other information, to respond to any inquiries you might make, or our own internal record keeping.
4. Disclosure of Information Outside of Slip Disc Ministries.
We sometimes use third parties to help us operate the Website, and in doing so such third parties might have access to User Information in order to carry out their services to us. In addition, Slip Disc Ministries may disclose User Information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required by law. We also may disclose User Information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
5. Security.
Slip Disc Ministries takes reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all User Information. We cannot, however, guarantee that User Information will be absolutely safe. Slip Disc Ministries will have no liability for accidental or improper disclosure of any User Information, whether due to an error on our part or because of authorized intrusion by others, such as hackers.
6. Changes to this Agreement.
Slip Disc Ministries retains the right to revise this Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. Your use of the Website or any Content or Services after any particular revision of this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
7. Contact.
Direct all questions regarding this statement to:
Slip Disc Ministries
19 Forest Edge Cove
Jackson, TN 38305
USA
info@slipdiscministries.com
BE OUR FRIEND!