https://smmj.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarFounder of the Legal Audit IndustrySTUART MAUE PRIVACY POLICY
This is the website of Stuart Maue Ltd.
Our postal address is 3840 McKelvey Road, Bridgeton, MO 63044.
We can be reached via e-mail at info@smmj.com or you can reach us by telephone at 314-291-3030.
Stuart Maue Ltd. Privacy Statement sets forth that all trademarks or registered trademarks herein are the property of their prospective owners. All artwork, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and company logos displayed on this site are the property of their respective owners and are provided herein for illustrative purposes only and not for any type of misrepresentation. The logos contained on this site are shown for illustrative purposes only as a representative example of current and past clients and not for any type of endorsement.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, or user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page.
We use Clicky Web Analytics to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may review Clicky’s privacy policy here. We log “personal data” to Clicky as follows, for the stated legitimate purposes. A “Unique ID” tracking cookie to identify unique visitors and company names and locations to help us to analyze visitor behavior, for marketing purposes, and to assist with customer service needs.
We use Google Anayltics to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may review Google Analytics’ privacy policy here. We log “personal data” to Google Analytics as follows, for the stated legitimate purposes. A “Unique ID” tracking cookie to identify unique visitors and company names and locations to help us to analyze visitor behavior, for marketing purposes, and to assist with customer service needs.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
We do not provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Revision Date: 7/15/18
Primary SidebarSMMJ
Industry Experience
Complex & Large Litigation
Pharmaceutical
Product Liability/Toxic Tort
Environmental
Intellectual Property
Bankruptcy
Financial Services
Government
Services
Legal Spend Management
Legal Auditing
Law Firm Services
Bankruptcy
Vendor Management
Articles and Blog
About Us
Management Team
Our History
Careers
Clients
Contact Us
Search this website
SMMJ Logon
SMMJ Firm Portal
SMMJ Client Portal
What Our Clients Say
“There are many online billing companies I work with but Stuart Maue is the most user-friendly. Simply put it makes my job of invoicing easier. If customer service is ever needed I have one contact person who knows me and my company and who is always there with expert help.”
TRUDY, BILLING MANAGER
MURTAUGH MEYER NELSON & TREGLIA LLP
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
© 2019 Stuart Maue Ltd. - (800) 291-9940 - Privacy Policy - Website Agreement
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings