https://smslegal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWho we areOur website address is: https://www.smslegal.com/1. Collection of your Personal InformationSMS Legal may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, physical address, telephone number, or employment information. If you purchase our Services, we will collect and store your billing and credit card information. SMS Legal may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your Postal Code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. SMS Legal will not delete customer information for paying members. However, SMS Legal reserves the right to delete customer information for members with a free account status at any time.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by SMS Legal. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, operating system, cookie information, referring website addresses, and Internet Service Provider. This information is used by SMS Legal for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Services. In order to better understand how users use its site and to improve its services, SMS Legal may also collect information on your use of our Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, text entered, and mouse movements.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Services, this information may be collected and used by others. SMS Legal encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. SMS Legal is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the websites we operate2. Use of your Personal InformationSMS Legal collects and uses your personal information to operate our websites and deliver the Services you have requested. SMS Legal may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from SMS Legal and its affiliates. SMS Legal may also contact you to participate in surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.SMS Legal does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. SMS Legal may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party without your express consent. In addition, SMS Legal may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. SMS Legal may share your information with third parties who perform tasks required to complete a purchase transaction. SMS Legal may also share information on your use of our Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, with third party providers of web analytic software in order to enable SMS Legal to improve its services. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these Services, and they are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Additionally, if you order our Services through a third party (e.g., GYST), SMS Legal may share information about your use of our Services with the third party to enable them to provide you with their products and/or services. In such cases, the third party’s use of information furnished by SMS Legal is governed by their privacy policy.SMS Legal keeps track of the pages our customers visit within our websites in order to determine what Services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the websites we operate to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. SMS Legal uses tracking pixels to collect information that helps us provide our Service to you. Please note that any “do not track” signals sent by your web browser or other mechanism have no effect on the collection of personally identifiable information by SMS Legal. In addition, other parties who perform data analytics for SMS Legal, such as Google Analytics, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities when you use our Services. Third party affiliates of SMS Legal may have different policies with respect to “do not track” signals and SMS Legal makes no representations with respect to such policies.SMS Legal uses tracking to create remarketing audiences of users based on user behavior/their visits to our website. SMS Legal may also target these users with custom ads based on affinities/interests, geographic and demographic signals. SMS Legal only shares browser-level data through third party vendor tracking such as Google Analytics. Users can opt out of these advertising features by visiting Google or resources like the NAI consumer opt-out page. SMS Legal may use email addresses to target users with custom ads through 3rd party advertising platforms. SMS Legal shares customer information with third parties to perform services (advertising) on our behalf.SMS Legal may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users’ rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Services; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires or justifies disclosure of personal information.Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of SMS Legal’s business assets. In such an event, we will attempt to notify you before your personal information is transferred, but you may not have the right to opt out of any such transfer.Houston Maritime & Personal Injury Lawyers – © 2020 Schechter, McElwee, Shaffer & Harris, L.L.P. · All Rights Reserved.Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | SitemapJonathan S. Harris and Matthew D. Shaffer are Board Certified in Personal Injury Trial Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.  Other attorneys are not board certified.  Principal office is located in Houston, Texas.