https://sndca.org/copyright-privacy-legal/
Home
Nun Run 2021
Donate Online
Contact / Directions
SND International
Events
Intranet
SND USA
Who We Are
Our History
Pioneers in California
Community Life
News & Events
Contact/Directions
What We Do
Kindred Hearts Ministries
Education
Sponsored Institutions
Notre Dame Learning Center Preschool
Notre Dame Academy Beginnings
JPIC
Volunteer Outreach
Health Care
Stephen Ministry
Uganda Mission
Where Are They Now
Ways to Join Us
As a Sister
As an Associate
Employment Opportunities
Ways to Give
Planned Giving
Retirement Fund
Uganda Sponsorship Program
Gift of Prayer and Memorial Prayer Programs
Spirituality
Kindred Hearts Ministries
Events
Blog
Videos
Talks
Copyright, Privacy & Legal
Sisters of Notre Dame—Copyright Information
The Sisters of Notre Dame own the copyright to all material from this site, except where otherwise noted. You may make one copy of any text (except where specifically noted as copyrighted by a third party) from this site for your personal noncommercial use provided that our copyright notice is affixed to the copied material: © 2011 The Sisters of Notre Dame. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission.
For permission to copy any other material or to make more than one copy of any text, please write to: The Sisters of Notre Dame, 1776 Hendrix Avenue, Thousand Oaks, CA, 91360 USA. The Sisters of Notre Dame reserve the right to terminate at any time your permission to make personal copies of material from this site.
Sisters of Notre Dame Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Sisters of Notre Dame. Knowing that many visitors to our sites are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information, we developed our privacy policy to address this sensitive area. We may update the privacy policy from time to time, so please check here occasionally. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at:
Sisters of Notre Dame
Notre Dame Center
1776 Hendrix Avenue
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Sisters of Notre Dame—Legal Information
The Sisters of Notre Dame are pleased to provide this web site for your personal use. By using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions provided below.
Use of Site and Site Material
This site is provided for your personal noncommercial use. Using this site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage unlawful conduct is prohibited. The Sisters of Notre Dame assume no responsibility or liability arising from any material transmitted or posted using this site.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
The Sisters of Notre Dame retain ownership to the copyright of this site and all material from this site unless otherwiseindicated.
Disclaimer
Your use of this site and material from this site is at your own risk. The Sisters of Notre Dame strive to provide accurate and up-to-date material on this site. However, the Sisters of Notre Dame make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or timeliness of the material provided on this site. The Sisters of Notre Dame assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions on this site. Neither the Sisters of Notre Dame, nor any of their agents, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this site or any material from this site. Without limiting the foregoing, this site and the material provided on this site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind either expressed or implied. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this statement may not apply to you. The Sisters of Notre Dame assume no liability or responsibility for any damage to you, your computer, or your other property, due to your access to, use of, or downloading of this site or any materials provided on this site.
Links
The Sisters of Notre Dame cannot be responsible for sites linked to this site. Your linking to any sites from this site is at your own risk. By linking to a site or permitting a link to this site, the Sisters of Notre Dame do not endorse the site operator or the content of the linked site.
Severed Provisions and Entire Agreement
If any provision of this agreement is unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions
© Copyright 2020 Sisters of Notre Dame , California Province
Our History
Copyright, Privacy & Legal
admin