https://snpj.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWelcome to the SNPJ website available at “http://www.snpj.org” (this “Site”).  This Statement discloses the Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) for this Site and describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from visitors to our Site.  SNPJ has created this Policy in order to demonstrate and inform you of our firm commitment to privacy.  This Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and not to information collected offline or through any other websites (even if affiliated with SNPJ).We value you as a member of the Slovene National Benefit Society and we take your personal privacy seriously. We will inform you of our policies for collecting, using, securing and sharing non-public personal information the first time we do business and every year that you are an SNPJ member.You have provided SNPJ with certain non-public personal information, such as your name, age, residence, marital status and social security number. When you applied for life insurance you may have also provided us with employment and medical information and authorized us to obtain further information concerning your health history, mode of living, avocations and other personal characteristics. Based on this authorization, only the minimum amount of information necessary to underwrite your application has been collected. We may obtain other information from your transactions with us, such as your payment history and claim documentation.We maintain the highest level of confidentiality concerning your non-public personal information. The employees at the SNPJ Home Office have been trained in the careful handling and protection of such information. Oversight of these matters is rigorous, and our employees understand that improper disclosure of non-public personal information is a serious matter with severe consequences.We are a fraternal benefit society which has always been committed to protecting the privacy of our members. There are no affiliated financial institutions or third-party non-affiliates which have access to your non-public personal information, except pursuant to your written authorization. We never sell lists of our members’ names and addresses to any goods or services vendor.Access to your records is limited to those Home Office employees who are working with your file. Should we be required to disclose information in connection with civil or criminal litigation we must comply; however, such instances are very rare.Our policy of protecting the security of non-public personal information also extends to potential insureds and former insureds who no longer maintain coverage with us. Become a MemberTake advantage of the Slovene National Benefit Society’s numerous insurance, fraternal and financial programs. Join Today