https://snpj.org/site-terms-of-use/
Site Terms of UseWe intend the information in this Web site to be general information only and not a substitute for advice from a qualified professional.  This Web site may include links to other Web sites.  Although we believe that they are of high quality, we do not endorse any liked site, its content or its owner.  We cannot guarantee the safety or privacy of any information that you provide to any linked site.ANONYMOUS INFORMATIONAnonymous Information is used internally for Site administration, troubleshooting and to help improve the quality of this Site and its design. We may share such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers.  We never connect aggregate information with Personally Identifiable Information, and none of the Anonymous Information we share will contain any information that identifies you individually.ACCESS AND CORRECTIONYou have certain rights to know about the Personally Identifiable Information that SNPJ holds about you and gathered through this Site, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information that SNPJ has on file if it is incorrect. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact us by email or postal mail at the addresses below.Anonymous tracking Information:This identifies the anonymous record of your visits to our Web site by use of your computer’s numerical IP address which does not include your name or any other personally identifiable data.  You remain anonymous while the anonymous data informs the site administrators about which parts of the Web site users are visiting and thus helps us to improve the site. Cookie use:As is the case with many websites, our Site uses a technology called “cookies”, which are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet, and allows us to tailor your visits to our Site to your individual preferences.  We may also contract with third party service providers who assign cookies and/or web beacons to conduct site tracking for us. These companies use cookies solely to provide us with aggregate data about Site traffic. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser to prevent cookies or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on our Site.   Cookies cannot be used to learn any confidential or personal information that you have not already provided to us. Forum and public comments:The Site includes several opportunities for you to post or upload public comments.  Please note that such comments are intended to be publicly shared and any information you include in such comments may be made available through the Site.  In addition, the Site from time to time offers the opportunity to publicly comment through the use of third party social media services, e.g. Twitter or Facebook.  Should you provide information in connection with these services, your username may also be required and made publicly available.SECURITYThis Site incorporates safeguards to protect the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information we have collected.  We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and database encryption. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just “surfing”.Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Please note that your email, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us.  For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email to communicate information to us that you consider confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, SNPJ cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through this Site. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems.  Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived.  If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout our Site.EXTERNAL LINKSThis Site may provide links to various websites that we do not control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Site and connected to the website of the organization or company that you selected. We are not responsible for the nature, quality or accuracy of the content or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for quality, accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked website on this Site does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked website by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these websites. Even if an affiliation exists between our Site and a third-party website, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures.  While SNPJ expects its partners and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, SNPJ cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties.  If you visit a website that is linked to from our Site, we encourage you to consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information and whenever interacting with any website.CONSENT AND MODIFICATIONS TO SITE TERMS AND USEThis Site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States.  By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through this Site.  This Policy and the use of this Site are governed by Tennessee law.  Any claim related to the Site or this Policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Nashville, Tennessee, within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Site consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party. Translations on this Site are provided for convenience only. The English version of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use shall apply.  The Privacy Policy and Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with United States law, and SNPJ makes no representation that this Site is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States.ACCOUNT REVISIONS, REVOKING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe welcome your questions, comments and all feedback pertaining to your privacy or any other issue with regard to this Site.At any time, you may ask us to cease further use of your email address to send you correspondence, and direct us to delete any Personally Identifiable Information you have supplied.  Although it is not always possible to remove or modify such information, we will make reasonable efforts to do so.In the event that you have given us Personally Identifiable Information in the past and then have second thoughts or want to update it, or if you have any other questions regarding this Policy or this Site, you may contact us at:Slovene National Benefit Society247 West Allegheny RoadImperial, PA 15126-9774 Become a MemberTake advantage of the Slovene National Benefit Society’s numerous insurance, fraternal and financial programs. Join Today