https://socialworksoftware.com/privacy-and-terms-of-use/
Home
Technical FAQ
This webpage describes the privacy policy regarding the website at www.socialworksoftware.com.
Who We Are
This website is owned and operated by Russell Araujo.
Address:
Russ Araujo
P.O. Box 1813
West Chester, OH 45071
USA
How to Contact Me
I can be reached by writing to the address above, by telephoning 513-207-1336, or by sending email to info@socialworksoftware.com.
Personal Data that is Collected
This website itself does not automatically collect or store any personally-identifiable information. The website has some password-protected custom pages for downloads of modified software. These custom pages may iniclude:
Name, and
Organization.
The website also has a contact form. People wishing to contact me using this form are asked to provide:
Name,
Email Address,
Phone Number,
Organization Name,
Organization Location,
Subject, and
Message.
In the past, this website has used a third party, BMT Micro, to process orders placed by credit card online. You can review the BMT Micro Privacy Policy.
Consent to Collect
Use of password-protected custom pages indicates consent of the information on the page. Use of the contact form indicates consent to collect that data.
The legal basis to collect the data is to be able to provide software and provide technical advice.
Your Data, Your Rights
You can request that any data of yours be removed from the website. I will act on this as soon as possible, but no later than 30 days.
Services and Third Parties Where Social Work Software Stores Data from the Website
This website relies on third party services to maintain. I never share or resell any private data (unless such sharing would be required by court order). The third parties are:
InMotion Hosting, U.S.;
Google Analytics, U.S.
Length of Data Collection
The website will keep identifiable data for an undetermined amount of time or until the user asks us to anonymize and / or delete their data.
Who Has Access to The Data?
Password-protected custom pages are available to anyone who has the password.
Private data on the website is not shared with or sold to any third party (unless such sharing were to be required by court order).
Terms of Use
The license for Client Service Tracker makes no provision for technical advice or technical support. Any technical answers given or advice offered are provided as a courtesy, with no warranties express or implied. Organizations should back up their software and data before attempting any changes.