http://sole.org.uk/sole/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Contact Permissions & Notification for Compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
This statement explains how the society handles and uses the personal information we collect about our members for processes relating to our operations and activities as a one name study society.
If and when changes are made to this statement, we will prepare an updated version and send it to all members.
The controller for your personal information is The Sole Society.
The person responsible for data protection within our society is the Membership Secretary.
How we use your personal information
We collect and process your personal information for the following purposes:
·
Maintaining your personal details (e.g. name and address, email address if any, telephone number if provided, membership number, year that you joined)
·
Keeping financial records (e.g. payment of your membership fees)
·
Sending you our journal entitled “Soul Search” when it is published (normally three times each year)
Our normal legal basis for processing your personal information is your consent, which you gave on joining the society and each time you renew your membership.
You can withdraw your consent at any time, including non renewal of your membership.
We keep your personal information for at least 10 years after your membership ceases for statistical and historical research purposes.
How we share your personal information
·
Personal information is not shared outside of the society and its members.
·
Within the society your personal information is shared with our Name Co-ordinators in order that they may contact you to assist you in your research into your ancestry.
Also the names and addresses of members are sent in the form of labels to the member who despatches our journals following publication.
·
If the Name Co-ordinators consider it appropriate to put you in touch with another member of the society who may be connected with you via their ancestry, they may pass on your personal information to that member, but only after asking you for and receiving from you your permission to do so.
How we keep your personal information
We take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure.
It is maintained in electronic form primarily by the membership secretary with a backup copy held by one other member of the committee.
Other personal data is held by the name co-ordinators where it is necessary to connect you with the ancestry records of the many families that we are researching as a one name study society.
Your rights
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you.
You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, to delete personal information, or otherwise restrict our processing, or to object to processing or communications, or to receive an electronic copy of the personal information you provided to us.
If you have any questions or concerns about how your personal information is used, please contact us via the membership secretary or the name co-ordinator for the name you are researching.
If you remain unhappy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF, or via their website: www.ico.org.uk.
Last updated: 25th May 2019