https://spiritualmission.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Work
History
Philosophy
Mediumship
Inspirational Moments
Services
Services Schedule
Attending a Service
Devotional Services
Private Sitting
Events
Workshops
Complete Church Diary
Historic Events Diary
Room Hire
Offer Readings
Healing
Healing Book
Healing Book Request
Development
Development
Development Groups
Development Groups schedule
Open Circle
Membership
LSM-Committee
LSM Rules
Membership Form
Terms & Conditions
Chairing A Service
Friends of LSM
AGM 2019
AGM 2018
AGM 2017
AGM 2016
Contact & GDPR
Contact
Privacy Policy
GDPR management
About us
Here at The London Spiritual Mission (LSM) we take privacy seriously. The London Spiritual Mission is an unincorporated association. The Trust Property Held In Connection With The London Spiritual Mission is a charity registered in England and Wales number 1152206. Together our two organisations run and support our church, its services and events. This Privacy Policy applies across all that we do.
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how we use any of your personal information we might collect and how you can limit our use of it.
What information do we gather?
1.1 Information that relates directly to you (e.g. your name and address and other information you submit using forms).
1.2 Information that does not directly identify you (e.g. how you might browse our website).
(1) Your IP address through the placement of cookies (see sections on cookies and their management, below);
(2) Location data, which might be gained through your IP address.
How we use your information
2.1 We might use your information to:
(1) Remember you when you visit our website and see how your journey through it by using cookies. We explain what cookies are and how you can manage them below;
(2) Make sure any events, products and services we provide to you are correctly administered;
(3) Contact you to let you know about any of our products, services or events (which may in some cases be provided by third parties), including by email, mail, telephone, or SMS text message. We will always act having regard to your preferences. Please see below to understand more about how you provide and can manage your preferences.
(4) We may also contact you directly via social media in relation to any events or services you have expressed interest in
(5) Make sure materials on the website are presented in the most effective way for you and your computer or mobile device;
(6) Collect and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage;
(7) Your personal data will not only be stored in the website’s database but also in Sendgrid the application we use to send our emails and a spreadsheet of LSM contacts maintained by the church.
(8) We use Google Analytics to track visitors on this site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect this data. In order to be compliant with the new regulation Google included a data processing amendment. The data we collect will be processed anonymously and “Data sharing” is disabled. We don’t use other Google services in combination with Google Analytics cookies.
(9) We use Sendgrid for our emails. Sendgrid is one of the the world’s largest email platforms. They have a campaign builder that makes it easy to create email templates.
2.2 If you have expressed interest in any of our products, services or events, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on them unless you have told us otherwise.
How do we gather information?
3.1 Information is gathered in the following ways:
(1) indirectly (e.g. using website technology); and
(2) directly (e.g. when you provide your information when you interact with us).
(3) through your device (e.g. mobile, PC or tablet) where you have enabled location services for the applicable browser.
How do you decide how you want to hear from us?
4.1 We seek to explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us. We may contact you by email, phone, post and sms text.
4.2 We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you. We do this by using opt-in boxes. We use these to gain your permission to contact you.
.
Accessing and updating your personal information
5.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by emailing
gdpr-requests@spiritualmission.co.uk or by writing to us at Data Requests, The London Spiritual Mission, 13 Pembridge Place, London. W2 4XB.
5.2 You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of that personal information, please send an email to gdpr-requests@spiritualmission.co.uk. You will have to provide proof of identification.
Cookies
6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com.
6.2 We use the following types of cookie:
(1) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. They keep track of browsing patterns and help us to build up a profile of how our visitors use the website.
(2) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible;
(3) Third party advertising and analytics cookies, which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site. They are anonymous – they cannot identify individuals. They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites.
6.3 We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours. The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies.
Managing your cookies preferences
7.1 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
Disclosing your information
8.1 We may disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law, or if in good faith we believe such action is necessary to comply with the law a legal obligation.
8.2 We sometimes share your personal information with third parties who are our subcontractors or providers of various products and services on our behalf e.g. the providers of the services listed below.
8.3 We never sell personal information..
Where we store your personal information
9.1 The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in order to carry out the activities listed in “Use of Your Information”.
Changes to this Policy
10.1 If we change our Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy.
If you don’t feel we’re adhering to this Policy, what should you do?
11.1 If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy, please notify us by email at
gdpr-requests@spiritualmission.co.uk and we will try to solve the problem promptly.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please click the accept button if you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.