https://spiritualmission.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Home
Our Work
History
Philosophy
Mediumship
Inspirational Moments
Services
Services Schedule
Attending a Service
Devotional Services
Private Sitting
Events
Workshops
Complete Church Diary
Historic Events Diary
Room Hire
Offer Readings
Healing
Healing Book
Healing Book Request
Development
Development
Development Groups
Development Groups schedule
Open Circle
Membership
LSM-Committee
LSM Rules
Membership Form
Terms & Conditions
Chairing A Service
Friends of LSM
AGM 2019
AGM 2018
AGM 2017
AGM 2016
Contact & GDPR
Contact
Privacy Policy
GDPR management
Rule 5 of the LSM rule book governs membership application and renewal as specified below
Rule 5. The election of all new members of the Mission shall be vested in the Committee. The Committee shall be entitled to terminate the membership of any member whose subscription is more than three months in arrear or whose membership is considered not conducive to the best interest of the Mission, and such membership shall be deemed to be terminated at the time when notice thereof posted by the Committee, or on their instructions, to the last known address of the member concerned, would reach such member in the ordinary course of post. A member shall be entitled to resign his membership at any time by notice in writing given to the Secretary or Acting Secretary. On termination of membership, the person whose membership shall have been terminated shall cease forthwith to have any right or interest in the assets, funds and property of the Mission, and shall cease to be under any liability or obligation in respect thereof or otherwise in respect of his membership.
Membership runs from 1st April to 31st March, irrespective of joining date. Although a reminder will usually be sent by the Membership Secretary, it is the member’s duty to renew their membership every year before it expires.
By becoming a Member, you agree to support the Mission and work for the best interest of the Mission.
The membership card remains the property of the London Spiritual Mission, and can be requested back at any time by the Committee of the Mission.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please click the accept button if you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.