http://sqlblog.com/privacy.aspx
THE SQL Server Blog Spot on the Web
Welcome to SQLblog.com - The SQL Server blog spot on the web
Sign in |
|
Search
Home
Blogs
Downloads
Opml
Terms and Privacy
SQLblog.com Terms of Use Agreement
Last Updated: October 13, 2011
1. Terms
Read this Terms of Use Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”)
before accessing the SQLblog.com (hereinafter referred to as “SQLblog”, “We”,
“Us” or “Our”) website. By accessing the SQLblog website, you are agreeing to
be bound by these Terms of Use and accept the Privacy Policy (located later on
this page) set forth herein. You agree that you are solely responsible for
compliance with these terms and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do
not agree with any of these terms you should immediately cease use of this
website.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on the SQLblog web site for personal, non-commercial
transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of
title, and under this license you may not:
o    modify
or copy the materials;
o    use the
materials for any commercial purpose, for any public display (commercial or
non-commercial) or any other form of reproduction and/or dissemination;
o    attempt
to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the SQLblog web
site;
o    remove
any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
o    transfer
the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of
these restrictions and may be terminated by SQLblog at any time. Upon
terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this
license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether
in electronic or printed format.
You agree to use the SQLblog website only for lawful purposes
and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone
else’s use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behavior includes harassing
or causing distress or inconvenience to any other user, transmitting obscene or
offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue or operation within
our website. You shall not use the SQLblog website to send unsolicited
commercial communications.
We may in the future need to restrict access to parts (or all)
of our website and reserve full rights to do so. If, at any point, we provide
you with a username and password for you to access restricted areas of our
website, you are obligated to keep both your username and password
confidential.
3. Disclaimer of Warranties
This website and the materials contained herein are provided by SQLblog on an
“as is” and “as available” basis. We shall have no liability for any
interruptions in the use of this website, nor do We guarantee continuous,
uninterrupted or secure access to SQLblog.com. We make no warranties, expressed
or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other warranties, including
without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property
or other violation of rights. Further, SQLblog does not warrant or make any
representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the
use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or
on any sites linked to this site. The materials appearing on the SQLblog web
site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. SQLblog
does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate,
complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on this
web site at any time without notice. SQLblog does not, however, make any
commitment to update the materials.
4. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall SQLblog be liable for any damages whatsoever including but
not limited to any special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, or
damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, loss of data, loss of use, business
interruption, injury or death arising out of the use, misuse, or inability to
use the SQLblog website or the materials and information contained therein or
obtained therefrom, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort,
under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise, even if SQLblog or a SQLblog
authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such loss or
damages.
5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold SQLblog, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, and employees harmless from any claim, suit or demand, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising
out of your use of the SQLblog website, associated content and services,
violation or breach of this Terms of Use Agreement, infringement of
intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity, or any other
act or omission by you.
6. Third Party Sites and Information
SQLblog has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not
responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link
does not imply our endorsement of that website. Use of any such linked web site
is at your own risk.
Our website may include links to other websites that are owned
and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that
We are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or
through, any third-party site. Your use of third-party sites is subject to the
terms of use and privacy policies of each individual site, and we are not
responsible for any such terms.
While SQLblog makes every effort to ensure that the information
on Our website is accurate, We make no warranties or representations whatsoever
with regard to any product, service or information offered by any online
merchant or other third party, including such information that may be provided
on the SQLblog website. You acknowledge that any reliance on representations
and warranties provided by any third party shall be at your own risk.
7. Copyrights and Trademarks
All content included or available on this website, including site design, text,
graphics, software, interfaces and the selection and arrangements thereof, or
any other form of intellectual property is ©2011 by SQLblog, with all rights
reserved and is protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any use of
materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those
previously noted, modification, distribution, replication, any form of data
mining or extraction or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without
prior written permission from SQLblog is strictly prohibited.
SQLblog and SQLblog.com are proprietary marks of SQLblog.com. SQLblogtrademarks
may not be used in connection with any product, service, website or other
information or communication that is not provided by SQLblog and shall not be
used in any manner that can cause confusion among customers or disparages or
discredits SQLblog or any of its website properties.
All other trademarks, service marks and proprietary marks
displayed on the SQLblog website are property of their respective owners and do
not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of those third parties by SQLblog.
In addition, use of such marks is not intended to imply, directly or
indirectly, that those third parties endorse or recommend SQLblog or have an
operating agreement or affiliation with SQLblog.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement:
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through
the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, SQLblog designates the following
individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright
infringement.
By Mail: 15 Lincoln St. Suite 226, Wakefield, MA 01880
By Telephone: 617-285-7059
By Email: admin [at] sqlblog [dot] com
8. Governing Law
The SQLblog website is operated and provided in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. As such, we are subject to the laws of the Commonwealth, and
such laws will govern this Agreement, without giving effect to any choice of
law rules. We make no representations that Our website or other services are
appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. If you choose to
access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
You assume all knowledge of applicable law and are responsible
for compliance with any such laws. You may not use this website or any content,
service, product or software in any way that violates applicable local, state,
federal or international laws, regulations or other government requirements.
You further agree not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that
could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise
violate any applicable local, state, federal or international law or
regulation.
Any claim relating to the SQLblog web site shall be governed by
the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of
law provisions. If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be
unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any
partially enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain
valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms
of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by SQLblog,
at our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or
acquisition. This Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be
superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your use
of the SQLblog website, content, products, services or any business
relationships with SQLblog. By accepting this Agreement, you are consenting to
the potential use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information
and other practices as described in our Privacy Policy (located later on this
page).
9.
Modifications to This Agreement
We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this Terms of
Use agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective
immediately upon being posted on the SQLblog website. Your continued use of the
SQLblog website after amendments are posted constitutes your acknowledgement
and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in
this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
SQLblog Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 13, 2011
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information
provided by those visiting and interacting with this web site. SQLblog holds
the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard and our policy
is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard
the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed
decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed
against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs. The
following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
this website.
SQLblog does not share, sell, lend or lease any personally
indentifying information (such as email addresses or credit card information)
with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions,
provide services that you have requested or as required by law.
By using the SQLblog website you consent to our collection and
use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect
When you visit this web site you may provide us with two types
of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is
collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an
aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
a. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
We use personal information for purposes of administering our business
activities, providing products and services when requested, to process your
payment, to monitor the use of our offerings, our marketing and promotional
efforts and to improve our content, product and service offerings, and
customize our website’s content, layout, services and for other lawful
purposes. Such information may be shared with others on an aggregate
(non-personally identifying) basis.
When you register for or purchase any of our products, services,
newsletters or online communities, you will provide us information about
yourself. This can include personal information and authorization to obtain
funds from various credit and payment processing services. For example, you may
need to provide, your name, mailing address, email address, credit card number,
the name on the credit card, credit card expiration date, credit card
authorization code, credit card billing address and your business and/or home
phone numbers. Note that personally identifying information provided for
payments processed by a third party payment processor (e.g. PayPal) are subject
to that payment processor’s privacy policy.
If you choose to correspond with us using email, we may retain
the content of your messages together with your email address and our
responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications
that we employ in the maintenance of information received by telephone and
mail. SQLBLOG WILL NOT SELL, RENT, OR OTHERWISE SHARE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT. Opting into any service where third parties have a
direct, non-affiliate business agreement with SQLblog to provide information
constitutes consent and will be clearly identified before you are required to
submit your information. Understand that providing your email address directly
to a third party website is at your own risk as they may not have the same
policy or safeguards as SQLblog. We encourage you to read the privacy policies
of any third party websites with which you chose to share your personal
information.
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify
you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers we
think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish
to receive these offers by contacting us at admin [a-t] sqlblog [d-o-t] com.
Any communications or materials you transmit to SQLblog, either
electronically or otherwise, including without limitation, data, questions,
comments, suggestions, testimonials, biographical information or the like is,
and will be treated as non confidential and nonproprietary. Any such
communication or material you transmit or post may be used by SQLblog,
including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission,
publication, broadcast, sale, use, and posting. SQLblog is also free to use any
ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or other information contained in any
communication you send to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not
limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such
information. If we choose to use your email correspondence (e.g. testimonials),
we will credit you by listing your first name, city and state, and/or company
and title (e.g. John from Dallas, TX or John, Senior VP, XYZ Inc.).
b. Website Use Information
SQLblog uses industry standard analytics packages and web server logs that
gather limited information on visitors to our website automatically, and store
this anonymous information in server log files. This information may include IP
addresses, basic IP information, browser type, the date and time of visits, the
pages viewed, time spent at our web site, the web sites visited just before and
just after our web site, operating system used and date/time stamps. This
information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site
administration, as well as for analysis of website usage and trends.
Similar to other commercial Web sites, SQLblog may also use a
standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are
Cookies?”) to differentiate you from other users, customize your experience on
the SQLblog website and to collect information about how our web site is used.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the
Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network
to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web
server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that
data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous
unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your
computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive
specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to
your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your
privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has
already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
Web browsing application (like Internet Explorer or Firefox) are
usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive
cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If
you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas
of our site may not function correctly for you. A cookie cannot retrieve any
other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses. We have no access
to or administration abilities over any cookies that are used by any third
parties or advertisers that may appear or provide content on our site.
2. Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so;
when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection
of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have
reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify,
contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of
Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.
3. Other Websites Linked to Our Website
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites
linked to or from the SQLblog website or the information or content contained
therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to
another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your interaction
with any other web site, including websites that have a link on the SQLblog
website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over
those rules and policies before proceeding.
4. Our Commitment to Data Security
Please note that your information will be stored and processed
on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the
United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence
or citizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place the appropriate and
accepted industry standard physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Please be aware that no
method of electronic storage can ever be 100% secure. Therefore – as is the
case with any organization – we are not in a position to guarantee the absolute
security of your information.
5. A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and
we ask that children (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information
to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with
permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
6. Acquisition or Changes in Ownership
In the event that SQLblog or this website (or a substantial
portion of its assets) is acquired by another individual or organization, your
information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of the
assets that are transferred.
7. Policy Modifications
We may
change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If/when changes are made to this
privacy policy, we will post them here, so be sure to check back periodically.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without
notice.
©2006-2016 SQLblog.comTMBrought to you by Peter DeBetta
Privacy Statement