https://ssa.gov/agency/websitepolicies.html
Skip to content
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates
Website Policies & Other Important Information
Table of Contents
Accessibility Policy
Linking Policy
Browser Policy
Security Protocols To Protect Information
Information Quality Guidelines
Schedule For Publishing Information To This Website
Freedom Of Information
Copyright Policy
Policy For Oral Histories
No Fear Act
Accessibility Policy
We are committed to making socialsecurity.gov accessible to people with disabilities. To ensure that we meet or exceed the requirements of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act, we continually review our site and modify pages to remove accessibility problems for people with disabilities. Social Security's
Accessibility Policy provides detailed instructions to assist people with disabilities with accessing socialsecurity.gov.
Linking Policy
Generally, we link to other Government websites (their names usually end in “.gov”). If non-Government websites (names ending in “.edu,” “.com,” etc.) provide information that's pertinent but not available on a Government website, we'll link to them. Examples include:
Directories of vital records sources in U.S. counties, States, and territories
The
National Automobile Dealers Association (NADA)
Guide, for determining SSI countable resources
Grantmakers Concerned with Immigrants and Refugees, for statistics about immigrant populations, used in our information and outreach efforts.
Disclaimer
The Social Security Administration (SSA) website contains links to certain websites that are not affiliated with the United States government. These may include State and Local governmental agencies, international agencies, and private entities.
SSA cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by such websites. If we provide a link to such a website, this does not constitute an endorsement by SSA or any of its employees of the information or products presented on the non-SSA website.
Also, such websites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies. Once you visit such a website you are subject to the policies of that site.
We welcome links to our website. Although we prefer that you link to our homepage, you may create links to specific pages within our website. For your convenience,
we have icons and instructions for their use. By using these icons, you agree to the conditions of our Linking Policy.
Browser Policy
The Social Security Administration (SSA) designs, develops, and tests Internet content and applications to work with web browsers that adhere to the most recent
World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Recommended Standards and Draft Recommendations and
Section 508 of the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973. The goal of this policy is for SSA web pages and applications to be compatible with as many web browsers as possible with JavaScript enabled, regardless of the operating system employed.
Security Protocols To Protect Information
Our website uses computer systems, software programs, and other methods to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload, add, modify or otherwise damage its information or systems.
Any unauthorized attempts to upload, add, modify or otherwise damage any information or systems are strictly prohibited and are punishable by Federal laws and regulations. Persons using this website expressly consent to this monitoring. Should this monitoring reveal evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to law enforcement officials for prosecution.
Information Quality Guidelines
In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget's government-wide information quality guidelines under section 515 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001, we have developed
procedures to ensure the quality of our information products.
Do not seek correction of personal information through the information quality procedures described above. To seek correction of information related to individual records, benefits, or earnings, please call us at 1-800-772-1213 or
contact us.
Schedule For Publishing Information To This Website
We provide publication targets as part of our
Web Content Inventory.
Freedom Of Information
The Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) allows members of the public to request records from Federal agencies.  The Federal government established FOIA to promote transparency and prevent agencies from having secret policies.
Our
Guide to FOIA Requests
explains how to request information and records from us, describes information we can't disclose, and lists our fees for filing a FOIA request. We also provide FOIA
annual reports,
privacy impact assessments, and information about
frequently requested documents.
Copyright Policy
We do not post copyrighted material on our website unless we have the express permission of the author. If we post copyrighted material, we will describe the specific permission granted for its use.
As a public agency, we generally do not own rights to material on our website. Most of the material on our website consists of new or republished government documents and as such, it is considered public domain. So, we do not generally grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute it.
You are responsible for determining and satisfying copyright or other use restrictions when publishing or otherwise distributing material found on our website.
SSA is not responsible for determining whether any material on a website accessible by a link from our website is copyrighted.
Policy For Oral Histories
Several oral history interviews that we conducted are available on our
History Page. Copyright law grants copyright of oral histories to the interviewees. Use of the material in an oral history is therefore governed by copyright restrictions. We will only post transcripts of interviews for which we have been given a grant of deed to the interview, or which have been released into the public domain.
The fact that we posted the transcript of an interview on this site does not necessarily mean that it has been released as a public domain document—it depends on the specific wording of the grant of deed. Therefore, you should not use (beyond limited quotation) the transcripts of any oral history interviews without the express permission of our
Historian's Office.
No Fear Act
In compliance with Section 301 of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (the No Fear Act), we post
summary statistical data pertaining to complaints of employment discrimination by employees, former employees and applicants for employment.
Our posting is intended to assist Congress, Federal agencies and the public in assessing whether, and to what extent, we are living up to our equal employment opportunity responsibilities.