https://ssabuddhist.org/terms-of-use#privacy
Terms of Use
Home > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The use of this website constitutes agreement with the following terms and conditions.
The Singapore Soka Association Site (“Site”) is maintained by the Singapore Soka Association Communications and Community Relations Division as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site (“Readers”). The information presented herein is for personal educational purposes only.
The Singapore Soka Association hereby grants permission to Readers to visit the Site and to download and copy the information and materials (collectively, “Materials”) from the Site for the Reader’s personal, non-commercial use, without any right to sell or redistribute them or to compile or create derivative works therefrom, subject to the terms and conditions outlined below, and also subject to more specific restrictions that may apply to specific part or parts of the Materials within this Site.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the findings, interpretations and conclusions expressed in the Materials on this Site are those of the various Singapore Soka Association staff members, consultants and advisers who prepared the work and do not necessarily represent the views of the Singapore Soka Association, its affiliated organizations, or its membership.
Privacy Notice
By accessing this site, certain information about the Reader, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with any other information available to the webmaster of the Site, will be stored on the Singapore Soka Association servers. These will not specifically identify the Reader. The information will be used internally only for website maintenance purposes and traffic and statistical analysis. If the Reader voluntarily provides unique identifying information, such as name, address and other information on forms stored on this Site, such information will be used only to the extent expressly agreed by the Reader for originally intended purposes of use and will not be published for any other purpose unless otherwise specified. The Singapore Soka Association, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of this information.
Copyrights
The copyright to this Site and the content of this Site, including and without limitation, all images, texts and designs, are reserved by the Singapore Soka Association, except where copyright ownership is otherwise expressly stated.
Readers shall not use this Site or any information thereon in violation of any rights provided by any law, policy, rule or regulation of any country and region or for any illegal activity or any activity prohibited by any law, policy, rule or regulation of any country and region. The Singapore Soka Association is not responsible for such illegal use of the copyrighted Materials.
Disclaimers
Materials provided on this Site are provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including and without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Singapore Soka Association specifically does not make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such Materials. The Singapore Soka Association periodically adds, changes, improves or updates the Materials on this Site without notice. Under no circumstances shall the Singapore Soka Association be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered that is claimed to have resulted from the use of this Site, including and without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto.
The use of this Site is at the Reader’s sole risk. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall the Singapore Soka Association or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if the Singapore Soka Association has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Neither the Singapore Soka Association nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers, shall be liable to any Reader or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, alteration of or use of any content herein, or for its timeliness or completeness, nor shall they be liable for any failure of performance, computer virus or communication line failure, regardless of cause, or for any damages resulting therefrom.
As a condition of use of this Site, the Reader agrees to indemnify the Singapore Soka Association and its affiliates from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of the Reader’s use of this Site, including and without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by the Reader of these Terms and Conditions. If the Reader is dissatisfied with any part or parts of the Materials on this Site or with any of its Terms and Conditions of Use, the Reader’s sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
This Site may contain links and references to third-party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of the Singapore Soka Association, and the Singapore Soka Association is not responsible for the content of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site or the privacy policy of any linked site. The Singapore Soka Association provides these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link or reference does not imply the endorsement of the linked site by the Singapore Soka Association.
Last updated on 9 January 2019