http://st-peter-ad-vincula.org.uk/privacy
Skip to content
Coggeshall Parochial Church Council
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes the purposes for which personal data may be processed under the control of Coggeshall Parochial Church Council (“PCC”, “we”, “our”, “us”), 4 Church Green, Coggeshall, CO6 1UD, Registered Charity No 1126947.
PCC Members
If you are a PCC member the personal data collected in relation to you will be your contact details and date of birth. Your contact details will be shared with other members of the PCC to enable to business of the PCC to be conducted. Your personal data will also be shared with the Charity Commission as this is required by law. Your date of birth is collected because this is required by the Charity Commission. Personal data processed for the purposes of submission to the Charity Commission is processed by the Parish Administrator. PCC and Deanery Synod application/nomination forms are held by the PCC Secretary who maintains the register of PCCand Deanery Synod members.
Volunteer Groups and Roles
If you volunteer for any of the following:
serving
reading
leading intercessions
choir
bellringer
sidesperson
Editor of The Link
church flowers
refreshments
soup run
home visits
pastoral care
children’s church
or any other volunteer group that may be established from time to time, the personal data processed in relation to you will be your name and contact details only. Your contact details will be shared with other members of the group you volunteer for to enable the rota to be shared and members to make alternative arrangements with each other if necessary. Some rotas will also be published in the PCC magazine, The Link and may also be posted in St Peter’s Church (the “Church”). Rotas published in The Link will only include names. Information published in the Church may also include your contact information. If you do not want your contact details to be shared with other members of your volunteer group, published in The Link or the Church, please let your volunteer group leader know.
If you are in a co-ordinator role, your contact details will also be published in The Link and in the Church.
We process your personal data as outlined above because it is in the scope of the legitimate interests of the PCC to do so and your personal data will not be shared outside of PCC controlled activities without your permission.
Disclosure and Barring Record Checks
Depending on your volunteer role, in line with our Safeguarding Policy and where allowed by law, you may be required to undertake a Disclosure and Barring Service (“DBS”) check. Further information will be provided to you on the processing of your personal data for this purpose by the Safeguarding Officer should a DBS check be required for your role.
The Church Electoral Roll
The personal data collected and processed in relation to you for the purposes of compiling the Church Electoral Roll (“Roll”) is required under what are known as the Church Representation Rules. The Roll must be published in the Church for two weeks before the Annual Parochial Church Meeting (“APCM”). If having your name published in this way will be an issue for you, please speak to the Electoral Roll Officer. Please note, if you are not on the Roll you cannot vote at the APCM.
Contacting the PCC through the St Peter ad Vincula website
If you submit a question or request through the ‘contact us’ page on the St Peter ad Vincula website (“Website”) this will be received by the Parish Administrator who will share the information you have submitted, including your personal data, with the person who can most appropriately assist you with your question or request. Your personal data will not be used for any other purpose.
The PCC mailing list/marketing
The PCC maintains a mailing list to enable Church services, events and fundraising activities (collectively “marketing”) to be promoted. If you are not on the mailing list and wish to be, please email the Parish Administrator and indicate whether you wish to receive information by mail or email. You have the right to opt out of receiving marketing at any time. The Parish Administrator can be contacted at officeadvincula@btinternet.com.
Prayer Lists
If you request the ministry team to pray for someone who is ill, please indicate if their name should not be included on the pew sheet prayer list. It is your responsibility to ensure that any name published will not cause distress to the person concerned. The prayer list is not published on the website.
Baptisms, Marriages and Funerals
Personal data will be collected from you when you are arranging a baptism, marriage or funeral. We only collect personal data necessary for the purpose of providing the service you have requested and with your knowledge. Some personal data, such as for the marriage register, is required by law. We may use the personal data collected to invite you to a service we feel might be helpful, supportive or relevant to you following the life event.
The PCC is not responsible for photographs and recordings taken/made at a service conducted at your request or how they are subsequently used (for example making public through the internet).
Photographs, Video Recording and Social Media
We may take photographs at services and other events as well as record services and sometimes live stream them on the internet. Photographs and recordings may be posted on the Website and our public Facebook page. Photographs may also be published in The Link. We do this for publicity purposes and also to help individuals who may not be able to attend a service to feel included. This processing is in our legitimate interests and where required we will obtain consent.
If photographs or recordings are being made for this purpose, we will make sure this is made clear prior to the start of the event and tell you how you ensure you are not photographed or recorded. We will only process such personal data on vulnerable adults with their express consent which must be endorsed by a responsible adult, and on young people and children with their consent and express consent of their parents/carers or guardians. The identity or name of a child will never be revealed in any publication of an image of them.
If, during any Church event or service, children or adults use cameras or mobile phones to take photos of each other, or if parents or carers take photos of children or adults other than their own, THESE MUST ONLY BE USED FOR PERSONAL USE AND SHOULD NOT BE DISPLAYED IN ANY PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE SPACE, INCLUDING ON THE INTERNET OR WEB-BASED COMMUNICATION CHANNELS SUCH AS FACEBOOK. The PCC accepts no liability for any contravention of this requirement.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data processed in relation to you. You also have the right to object to the processing and retention of your personal data in certain circumstances and to have any personal data that is incorrect amended. It is your responsibility to advise us if your personal data changes.
Security
We ensure we only process the minimum personal data necessary and take reasonable steps to ensure it is kept secure.
The Internet is not a secure form of communication and there is a risk that sending us any personal data over the internet may be accessed by unauthorised third parties. We recommend that you do not send anything you consider to be confidential to us over the internet.
Complaints
If you have a complaint in relation to the processing of your personal data and are not happy with the way we handle it you have the right to complain to the UK Information Commissioner, contact details can be found at ico.org.uk
Linked websites
This Privacy Statement does not apply to any websites linked to our website which we do not operate or control.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time. We will endeavour to inform you when there has been a significant change and you should check for updates on the website.
Coggeshall PCC
20 September 2018
This site uses cookies or similar technologies for anonymous analytics and to enhance your browsing experience.
By browsing this site you consent to our use of such technologies as described.ok, thanks.read more