https://staging.partyspace.com/policy
Toggle navigation
BaltimoreSouth FloridaPhiladelphiaNew JerseyDelaware
Privacy Policy
PartySpace ("PartySpace", "Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website(our "Site") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect: On the website, e-mail, messages between you and this Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information we collect
We collect several types of information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, including but not limited to, your wedding options and preferences, your geographic interests, your costs and budgets; and/or
About your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details.
We also collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, posting content and materials, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you provide reviews of venues and vendors and when you report a problem with our Site.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Your selections for options and preferences on our Site.
Usage Details, IP Addresses, Cookies, and Other Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, usage data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual. It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests./li>
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Site.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Site and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site.
To connect you to Third Parties.
In any other way, we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of PartySpace.s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by PartySpace about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce other agreements that may be applicable.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of PartySpace, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to privacy@partyspace.com This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Site home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at privacy@partyspace.com