http://stairsociety.org/cookie_and_privacy_policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy | The Stair Society: Scotland's legal history Society
The Stair Society
Login to Members section | Not a Stair Society member? Join online
Home
About
Lectures
Publications
Membership
News
Resources
Contact
HomeCookie and Privacy Policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy
This page explains the information this site records of your visit, and why you need to provide your email address when completing the contact form.
Cookies
We record traffic to The Stair Society website using the Google Analytics service. Google Analytics sets cookies on your browser when you first visit the site. These cookies are referenced 'stairsociety.org'. Please see Safeguarding your data on the Google Analytics website for details of Google's policy regarding the privacy and security of the Analytics service. And please see Google's Cookies and Google Analytics page for a full breakdown of the components of the cookies set by Analytics. The Society website uses the default configuration of Google Analytics, which sets the first four cookies in the table under the Cookies Set By Google Analytics heading on the Cookies and Google Analytics page.
You can block all cookies from this and all websites using your browser's user settings. If you are not sure how please use your browser's 'help' function to find out. Or you can visit AboutCookies.org, which explains how you can delete and control all cookies set by your browser.
Email addresses
The enquiry form on the Contact page requires a valid email address so we can reply to your message. We will not use submitted email addresses for any purpose other than responding to enquiries.
Please do contact us with any questions about any aspects of our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Contact the Society
Please don't hesitate to contact us with questions about Stair Society membership or any other matter.
© 2020 The Stair Society | Scottish Charity Number: SCO15283
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Copyright
About this site
Login