https://standrewswalkerville.org.au/privacy-policy/
Ph. (08) 8269 5420FacebookYoutubeBehanceDonate
Home
About Us
Notices & Events
History
Conservation & Restoration
Donations and Bequests
Links
Services
Sermons
Weekly Services
Special Services
Baptisms
Funerals
Bible Study
Weddings
Your Wedding
Music
Community
Church Breakfasts
Family & Youth Ministry
Other Activities
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home » Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Anglican Parish St Andrew’s Church Walkerville collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://standrewswalkerville.org.au website (“Site”).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
St Anglican Parish St Andrew’s Church Walkerville may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
St Anglican Parish St Andrew’s Church Walkerville has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on June 30, 2015
Privacy policy created by GeneratePrivacyPolicy.com
FIND US
About Our Church The gift of life is for living. With all life’s wonder, delight and challenges we encounter, here at St Andrew’s faith community we aim to encourage one another in living out our individual and corporate lives together in the best way in which we believe God calls us. Thank you for taking the time to explore possibilities and services on our website. We hope that it may encourage you to continue and enrich your own life's journey.
CONTACT DETAILS Parish Office Hours
Wed & Thur 10am - 3pm
Fri 9am - 12 noon
43 Church Terrace, Walkerville SA 5081
PO BOX 347, Walkerville SA 5081
P. +61 8 8269 5420
E. office@standrewswalkerville.org.au
Find Us
© 2016 - St Andrew's Church Walkerville - Privacy Policy -
Sitemap -
Website by: Forerunner Computer Systems