https://starlight.org.au/privacy-policy
Starlight's Privacy PolicyStarlight Children's Foundation Australia (Starlight) respects and is committed to protecting the privacy of the people whose personal information it collects. We collect personal information about individuals who are employed by us, our donors, our volunteers, other supporters, consultants and service providers as well as the children and their families whose lives we aim to brighten.Information we collectWhenever we collect personal information we will identify ourselves as Starlight and ensure people are aware of why we are collecting personal information and how we plan to use it.When people visit our website, or download information from it, the following information is recorded: their internet address, domain name if applicable, the date and time of the visit, the pages they accessed and documents downloaded, the previous website they have visited and the type of browser they are using. This information is only used for statistical and website development purposes. We make limited use of cookies on our website.We use cookies to improve the functionality of our website, and to remember user preferences when people return.The type of personal information Starlight usually collects and holds includes names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, dates of birth, financial records, records of previous support and donations, records of merchandise orders and other information such as health related information pertaining to Starlight families to assist program delivery. This information may be collected via our website, in person via Orbit as well as other sources.Some of the personal information we collect is collected pursuant to laws including the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth). Outbound call suppliers working for Starlight, will disclose at the beginning of any conversation that the call may be monitored and recorded for the purposes of training and quality assurance. Where reasonable the operator may also seek to verify the information we hold for that individual is accurate, up to date and complete.In the event where an individual shares unsolicited personal information that Starlight would not have collected for the purposes outlined above that information will be destroyed or de-identified as soon as is practicable.How we use and disclose personal informationWe collect, use and disclose our stakeholders personal information to carry out the functions and activities of Starlight including to process donations, to comply with our legal obligations, to recruit, train and manage our team members, to maintain and update our records and to help us manage and provide our services. We may also use
information to ask for support and to keep people informed about the ways in which our donors and supporters help us to make a difference to the lives of seriously ill children and their families.
People have the right to opt out of any communications from Starlight. This will not stop them receiving receipts and other transactional communications as required by law. Information collected via Orbit (in our Starlight Express Rooms or as part of our Program Delivery) including names of individuals under 18 years of age, name of the accompanying adult(s) and phone numbers is mandatory for safety and security reasons in the participation in Starlight Express Rooms or related programs. However, individuals may opt out of communication not relating to the delivery of that program.
We may disclose personal information to third parties who assist us in providing services or who perform functions on our behalf (such as commercial mail preparation services). Some of the third parties to which we disclose personal information may be located in USA, Japan and other countries. Starlight will make reasonable endeavours to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles. Wish families are cross checked with Make A Wish Foundation Australia to ensure the family has not already received a wish. Starlight does not use any government related identifiers, such as medicare numbers or tax file numbers, of an individual as our own identifier.Marketing and communicationsWe may use and disclose people's information in connection with marketing and fundraising campaigns. We may provide marketing communications to stakeholders on an ongoing basis by telephone, electronic messages (eg. email), online (including websites and mobile apps) and other means, unless they opt out or we are subject to legal restrictions. These may include communications relating to Starlight and our programs, campaign and promotional messages, event invitations, fundraising opportunities and newsletters.
Starlight also sends transactional communications which include but are not limited to: Donation & Tax Receipts, forgotten password e-mails, event sign up confirmation and confirmations from Web forms.
To opt-out of receiving Starlight marketing communications people can:Select the "unsubscribe" option in one of the marketing communications that they receive from us.Send an email to: mail@starlight.org.auCan call us on: 1300 727 827Or Send us a written request to:
Privacy Officer
Starlight Children's Foundation Australia
PO Box 101
St Leonards
NSW 1590Where Starlight uses external service providers, we only disclose your personal information to the extent necessary for them to perform the services we have requested. These external service providers are under a duty to maintain the privacy and security of your information in line with this Privacy Policy and to use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is disclosed.
Occasionally we allow like-minded organisations to contact stakeholders with information that may be of interest to them, including some organisations located outside Australia. Those organisations allow us to do the same and this way we can reach more people with vital information. We will not share people’s details in this way if they opt out of our marketing communications as described above. Recruitment informationWhen a candidate applies for a position at Starlight, we collect the following information:QualificationsSkills and experienceCharacter and behaviour dataScreening checks (which may include screening such as health, reference, background, directorship, financial probity, identity, eligibility to work, vocational suitability and criminal record checks).As part of our due diligence, we may check any information provided with a third party as relevant to the application. Our recruitment process also requires we conduct two reference checks. Starlight may also collect personal and sensitive information relevant to the role (APP 3) including (headshot) photographs for identification purposes.Security of personal informationStarlight regards the security of personal information as a priority and takes a number of precautions to protect people’s personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Specific security precautions are in place for processing online payments which include the use of encrypted links, dedicated private connections and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. However the Internet is not a secure environment and although all care is taken, we cannot guarantee the security of information people provide to us via electronic means.If people become aware of any inaccuracy in the personal information we hold about themselves, they are encouraged to contact the Privacy Officer so we can update any personal information we hold.Access to personal informationStarlight will on reasonable request provide an individual access to the information we hold about them. Please contact our Privacy Officer in writing to request this information, verifying their identity and specifying what information they require. A fee may be charged for providing access and we will advise of any likely cost in advance. In some circumstances we may deny a request for access. If we do this, we will tell the the individual why.AnonymityWhere it is lawful and practicable, we will allow individuals to deal with us on an anonymous bases. For example, if we receive a telephone enquiry we will not require that the enquirer gives us their name, although depending on the nature of the enquiry, we may not be able to answer it unless they do. Children and accompanying adults need to be identified in Orbit when attending a Starlight Express room for safety and security purposes.We can also accept gifts and other forms of support anonymously. However, provisions contained in taxation legislation require Starlight to collect the name of the donor if the donor requires a tax deductible receipt.Image copyrightStarlight's reputation and goodwill is extremely important. Permission to use images featured on this website has only been given to Starlight and therefore should not be downloaded or used in any way by a third party without consent. Many of the children featured on this website have life-threatening illnesses and to use their images without consent is against the wishes of their families.For information on obtaining permission for an image, please email media@starlight.org.au or call 1300 727 827.Acceptance of termsIf Starlight updates or changes this Privacy Policy, the changes will be made on this page. Your continued use of Starlight's website following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.Contact usIf you have any questions about privacy-related issues you wish to lodge a complaint about a breach of this policy or other privacy matter you do not wish to be contacted by us to ask for your support, please contact us by clicking here; alternatively our postal address is below.Privacy Officer
Starlight Children's Foundation Australia
PO Box 101
St Leonards NSW 1590We take your privacy concerns seriously. Where you express any concerns that we have interfered with your privacy, we will respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns, and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and deal with your issue. We will keep records of your request and any resolution.For information about privacy generally, or if your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au and on 1300 363 992.