https://stcuthberts.org/safeguarding-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Facebook
Safeguarding & Privacy Policy
Safeguarding Policy
St Cuthbert's takes its duty and obligation to protect all, extremely seriously. We have adopted the national Church of England's robust procedures and guidelines. You can find out more about the national policies and procedures at www.churchofengland.org/safeguarding.
If you have any safeguarding concerns or issues of a safeguarding matter then you can find useful contact information at www.chester.anglican.org/social-responsibility/safeguarding
Privacy Policy
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
Cheadle Parish PCC is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
Cheadle Parish PCC complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public within the Ecclesiastical Parish of St Mary, Cheadle;
To administer membership records;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including processing gift aid);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St Mary’s and St Cuthbert’s;
To inform you of news, events and activities directly linked to church life that we think would be of relevance at St Mary’s and St Cuthbert’s;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the charity.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your gift aid donations.
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or other contractual matters.
The processing is in accordance with the legitimate interest in supporting the voluntary service provided for the benefit of the public.
The processing applies to a contract where you have approached us to provide a service.
The processing is necessary to protect the individuals “vital interests”;
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent or where it is necessary for the performance of a contract or service or to comply with our legal responsibilities.
We may share your data with the following third parties
HMRC – for carrying out our statutory obligations under employment and social security law and claiming Gift aid
Langer & Co – for the operation of payroll
We use the following third parties to enable us carry out the identified tasks where they have a legitimate interest in processing the data in the exercise of our contract with them
ChurchApp Ltd – to administer our membership records and manage our employees and volunteers
Data Developments (UK) Ltd – Maintaining our accounts and records including Gift aid processing
Stripe Inc. – the data controller for the processing of personal data when payment is made by card through ChurchSuite or our website.
iZettle –the data controller for the processing of personal data when payment is made by card in Café One or the Parish Office through the iZettle app connected to our iZettle card reader.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out in the guide “Keep or Bin: Care of Your Parish Records” which is available from the Church of England website [see endnote for link].
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which Cheadle Parish PCC holds about you;
The right to request that Cheadle Parish PCC corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for Cheadle Parish PCC to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means].
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the Finance Officer or Operations Manager at operations@cheadle.org.uk or at the Parish Office on 0161 428 8050.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
[i] Details about retention periods can currently be found in the Record Management Guides located on the Church of England website at: -https://www.churchofengland.org/more/libraries-and-archives/records-management-guides