https://stcyprianslenzie.com/privacy-policy/
St Cyprian's Scottish Episcopal Church
Lenzie, Glasgow, Scotland
Skip to content
Everyone Welcome
Publications
Cyprian Life 2019 Archive
Cyprian Life 2018 Archive
Cyprian Life 2017 Archive
Cyprian Life 2016 Archive
Cyprian Life 2015 Archive
Cyprian Life 2014 Archive
Cyprian Life 2013 Archive
Cyprian Life 2012 Archive
Cyprian Life 2011 Archive
Cyprian Life 2010 Archive
Cyprian Life 2009 Archive
Cyprian Life 2008 Archive
Cyprian Life 2007 Archive
Photo Galleries
Mothers Union
Rector’s Blog
Marriage at St. Cyprian’s Church
Privacy Policy
Cyprian Life 2019 Archive
Worship during the Corona Virus Crisis
Streamed worship
Privacy Policy
The Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church, Lenzie
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR).
Who are we?
The Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church Lenzie is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
The Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church Lenzie complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the charity;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St Cyprian’s;
To share your contact details with the Diocesan office so they can keep you informed about news in the diocese and events, activities and services that will be occurring in the diocese and in which you may be interested.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your gift aid donations and keep you informed about diocesan events.
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement;
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data for as long as it is relevant to the good governance of the church and/or for legal reasons.
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church Lenzie holds about you;
The right to request that the Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church Lenzie corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Vestry of St Cyprian’s Church Lenzie to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time;
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable);
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office, 45 Melville Street, Edinburgh EH3 7HL.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the Vestry Secretary at Secretary@stcyprianslenzie.com
25 May 2018
LinksSt Cyprian’s Link Website
Our Facebook Page
Location Map
Diocese of Glasgow & Galloway
Scottish Episcopal Church
Anglican Communion
SMRG – St Cyprian’s WW1 memorials
St Cyprian’s Signup
Sign-up for our emails (*indicates required entries).
*First Name:
Last Name:
*Email address:
*Please choose what you would like us to inform you about:
Announcements
Weekly Link
Concerts
Special Services
*
I have read and agree to St Cyprian's Privacy Policy
Leave this field empty if you're human:
St. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie
12 hours ago PhotoView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by EmailSt. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie
5 days ago Covid Christmas Tales 2……….. Les IrelandThey were in trouble! They had been down drinking in the town, partying, celebrating, the night before. Maybe they just didn’t bother with rules, or guidelines, and maybe the booze made then more casual about the threats and warnings. They knew the phrase “social distancing,” and knew about face masks and being outdoors but they were young and they weren’t frightened. They forgot all that and partied all night. They were young and they were invincible……..It’s what the young guys, the shepherds did every Saturday evening, and no pandemic was going to stop them doing what they did on a Saturday – the only bright spot of the week.They were guys who worked tough and partied hard. They had to defend the sheep. Keep them together. Fight off bandits, ward off wild animals, hunt animals for food and get paid little – enough to party once a week. Of course – every fourth week they had to stay behind to protect the flocks, it was their turn, but this was their life. Hard, brutal, and booze.Trouble was the last couple of Saturdays had got worse. The locals didn’t want them around. They were going to catch the disease. And spread it. And while they were young and it wouldn’t hurt them – probably – the people in the town were terrified – too many had died…….. They had been herded out of town, beaten when they were slow, driven back to the hills where they lived the rest of their lives. Bad enough being a shepherd, but now it was all so much worse.That of course was Saturday night. But the surprise, once in a lifetime shock came on the Sunday evening. They knew it wasn’t the booze doing it! They had got over that. Suddenly in the darkness, only given a glimmer of light by their fires keeping them warm and the animals away…… well there was no darkness! There was light. And figures of light. And they were sort of singing. And one of them spoke to them.The voice was clear. “Get down to Bethlehem, because a special baby is born today. Go and see.”This was so different, so amazing, so glorious, even their hard hearts were opened, and they responded. They had to. They ran unthinkingly……….It was only when they got to the Inn that they remembered. They had no chance. They were hated. They had threatened the people with illness. They hadn’t bothered with the rules. They didn’t have gel. Or facemasks. They remembered just as they got to the door of a stable, at the back of the local Inn.By the door was someone shining in light. Seemed to be the door keeper. They stopped in front of him. “We’re not going to get in are we? We don’t have the right stuff. We’ve done the wrong things. We’ve really messed this up, ran all this way for nothing, we’re so stupid…………….”There was a long pause, as they stood looking at the door-keeper, the door-keeper looking at them. The door keeper was smiling. The shepherds thought he was mocking. But then the door-keeper spoke.“Of course you can go in. However bad – he always forgives and welcomes…………..” ... See MoreSee LessView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by EmailSt. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie
6 days ago St. Cyprian's Church is worshipping tomorrow morning at 10.30am. The service is also being lived streamed - and everyone is welcome. Access details for the live stream are:Topic: St. Cyprian's Church streamed worshipTime: Dec 6, 2020 10:30 AM LondonJoin Zoom Meetingus02web.zoom.us/j/84047535929?pwd=dXk0ZXlSUml1dTZZVWJVODRoSzFHQT09Meeting ID: 840 4753 5929Passcode: 111933If you cannot get into the stream on a device, you can phone in and listen. You need to phone: 0131 460 1196. - you will also need the meeting ID and password which is above.<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>We also have our online worship, which is available at any time. The link for that is: www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jx4u_XZuz0 ... See MoreSee LessYouTubel.facebook.com View on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by EmailSt. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie
2 weeks ago Covid Christmas Tales 1………….
Les Ireland.Joseph had spent hours looking at the screen, trying to make sense of the guidelines. He wasn’t a lawyer – he couldn’t make sense of the regulations set out there. Most of the day he had stared at the screen after he had received the instructions that he had to travel – with his pregnant fiancee – 70 miles to his family city. The order said he had to go. The guidelines said he shouldn’t. It had taken him a whole day to work it out – there was a loophole! The government recommends
that people don’t travel……………… It was the loophole he needed – recommends not travel, but doesn’t forbid travel. Maybe they should move as quick as possible – before the regulations changed. Of course, they would probably have to quarantine, somewhere, sometime – didn’t want to break the rules like that government advisor, or that MP. So packing was quick, the donkey laden and they were away, early in the morning.It was a tough journey. Rough roads. Maintaining social distancing. Carrying extra gel and facemasks. It was even tougher for his fiancee, as the bumpy ride on the donkey shook her about, the walking wearied her. She knew, as they approached the home village that her time was approaching……….. They had to find somewhere……………Joseph stopped in the town square and made his fiancee – Mary – she was just a young bewildered lass – he made her comfortable, and left the donkey and all their stuff with her. He just took some gel and a facemask…………..It had been a fruitless task, trying to find somewhere where Mary could give birth. Joseph had tried the hospitals – all full, short of health staff and midwives who had caught it. He tried the doctors surgeries – but they would barely let him in, let alone have space for a woman, untested, giving birth. And no-one wanted to help………….. Hotels? Already full – lots of people had travelled, had to be housed, socially distanced. And the truth was Joseph couldn’t afford any of them.Rumours about the pregnant young girl travelled faster around the town than Joseph could! In the end there wasn’t anywhere else he could try. There was no-where else to go. He returned forlornly to the square, to Mary, completely lost.As he returned to the square he noticed a woman talking to Mary. She was a bit stooped over, and then was helping Mary to her feet. She noticed Joseph. She pointed at the donkey, and the luggage. “Bring your stuff. We’ve got a place.”Mary walked with her, stopping every few moments as the contractions set in. Joseph followed, feeling helpless.A stable? At the back of a pub? Joseph was horrified. A STABLE??? But the old woman was talking again.“Husband runs the pub. Heard something special was happening. Felt a baby was going to be born. Like it says in that holy book. I’ll be your midwife. We’ll get it sorted, Hen.”Hen? Seemed like everyone got called Hen around here. “But aren’t you worried you’ll get it. Please, you mustn’t…………..” Mary was always the compassionate one. “Don’t worry Hen,” the old lady chuckled. “This is a bit more important than me. Anyway, I had a thought. When I saw you sitting there.”“A thought?”“Yes, a thought, you know what a thought is?” She stared hard at Joseph, who looked a bit sheepish. “Yes, I’ve had a thought. I thought this. If this baby is going to be special. For us. For all of us. Then maybe he should be born not in a distant hospital, or a posh hotel. Maybe this baby has to be born in the middle of the ordinary people. Right in the middle!”Joseph tried to make sense of, as they entered a stable. He shrugged his shoulders. Right in the middle? Maybe this was going to be okay……………….. ... See MoreSee LessView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by EmailSt. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie
2 weeks ago St. Cyprian's church continues to worship although we are now in tier 4 restrictions. We are only allowed 20 people in church, but would love you to join us on zoom where we stream the service live. Here is the entry details:Les Ireland is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Topic: St. Cyprian's Church streamed worshipTime: Nov 29, 2020 10:30 AM LondonJoin Zoom Meetingus02web.zoom.us/j/87909746470?pwd=cDhQZFNzaWQxVml3YnpVSnR0WDhQUT09Meeting ID: 879 0974 6470Passcode: 938754If you cannot get into the stream on a device, you can phone in and listen. You need to phone: 0131 460 1196. - you will also need the meeting ID and password which is above.<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>We also have our online worship which is available at any time. The details for this is: www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4mbna5DSTw ... See MoreSee Lessworship for Advent Sunday from St. Cyprian's Church, Lenziel.facebook.comWorship from St. Cyprian's Church, Lenzie, part of the Scottish Episcopal Church in Kirkintilloch, about 10 miles North East of Glasgow. The Scottish Episcop... VideoView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by Email
Beech Road
Lenzie
Glasgow G66 4HN
Registered Charity No. SC003826
St Cyprian's Scottish Episcopal Church
Proudly powered by WordPress.