http://stdominics.tinyhelper.org/
2390 Bush St
San Francisco, CA 94115
(415) 567-7824
Needs Marketplace
Menu
Coordinator Login
How it works
Are you looking to volunteer and help serve our community? On this page you’ll find needs and volunteer opportunities currently available at St. Dominic’s, both in and outside the walls of our parish. Simply browse the dates, times, and categories below and if you see something that you want to help with, click the big “Help!” button.
Family and Youth Ministries
MORNING CATECHISTS NEEDED!!!
The morning Children's Faith Formation is in need of a couple of committed catechists to help teach the faith to our youngest parishioners.
Classes meet Sundays from 10:30-11:30, with time for set-up and clean-up.
First day of classes is September 17.
Please let me know ASAP.
We're requesting 4 (still need 1) of resource type: Activity_Leader
This is an ongoing and immediate need!
Someone is providing 1 on Mon 09/17 12:00 am
Someone is providing 1 on Tue 02/4 3:46 pm
Someone is providing 1 on Fri 06/19 2:15 pm
Help!
AFTERNOON CATECHISTS NEEDED!!!
The afternoon program for the Hispanic community needs volunteers willing to commit their Sunday afternoon (From 3:00-4:00 PM)
to share the faith with the young ones in Sacramental Preparation.
Bilingual preferred, but not required.
We're requesting 2 (still need 1) of resource type: Catechist
This is an ongoing and immediate need!
Someone is providing 1 on Mon 10/29 10:42 pm
Help!
Special Events
Las Posadas Reception (set up)
Join us to help decorate the Parish Hall for the Las Posadas/Christmas Pageant reception on Sunday, December 15.
We're requesting 4 (still need 3) of resource type: Activity_Leader
This is an ongoing and immediate need!
Someone is providing 1 on Wed 09/16 8:36 am
Help!
Adult Faith Formation & Evangelization
Torchleader
Co-facilitate a small discipleship group for a season of 8 weeks in the late Fall or early Spring.
Torchleading includes
welcoming participants each week, sending email reminders, preparing a brief spiritual reflection using a guide, facilitating prayer and faith-sharing, and supporting the spiritual journey of the group.
Training is Thursday, Oct. 12th, 7pm-9pm.
The Fall 2017 season runs from Oct. 15-Dec. 9th.
We're requesting 10 (still need 7) of resource type: Activity_Leader
This is an ongoing and immediate need!
Someone is providing 1 on Thu 10/12 12:00 am
Someone is providing 1 on Mon 08/10 2:23 pm
Someone is providing 1 on Mon 09/14 1:12 am
Help!
Alpha Team Member
Alpha Team members help with at least two of the following responsibilities: Parish hall setup, DVD/sound-system operation,
Lead praise music, Prepare dinner,
Small group facilitation, and/or Cleanup. Alpha is an 11- week evangelization series on Mondays from 7-9pm in from September 11 - November 20, open to all in the community, where we explore life and the Christian faith in a friendly, honest, and open setting.
Training is Thursday, August 31st, from 6:30pm - 9:30pm.
by Thu 01/1 12:00 am
We're requesting 3 (still need 1) of resource type: Activity_Leader
This is an ongoing and immediate need!
Someone is providing 1 on Fri 06/15 4:09 pm
Someone is providing 1 on Thu 02/27 7:36 am
Help!
Filters
Filter by Area (all)
Adult Faith Formation & Evangelization
Community Services
Family and Youth Ministries
Parish Administrator
Parish Maintenance
Parish Office
Special Events
Type Filters Reset
Tiny Helper, LLC Needs Marketplace End User Terms and Conditions ("End User Terms")
Last updated: October 02, 2016
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the needs marketplace website (the "Service") provided by Tiny Helper, LLC ("us", "we", or "our"). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Purpose
The purpose of the Needs Marketplace is to connect authorized Coordinators who have a need with bone fide Volunteers who willfully desire to fulfill such a need. Tiny Helper, LLC is neither responsible nor liable for the validity, accuracy, or actions of any User of the system including, but not limited to, Coordinators and Volunteers.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service. You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Tiny Helper, LLC. Tiny Helper, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Tiny Helper, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms of this such agreement. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnity
User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tiny Helper, LLC and its employees and agents from all demands, claims, suits, actions, and liabilities resulting from injuries or death to any persons or property damages or loss.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms – along with our Privacy Policy (http://stdominics.tinyhelper.org/privacy-policy), constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at support@tinyhelper.org.
I Agree