https://stellamarisbooks.com/privacy/
STELLA MARIS PRIVACY POLICYWhen you provide us with information through StellaMarisBooks.com (the “Site”), we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. Please note that this Privacy Policy governs only information provided to StellaMarisBooks.com and communications from StellaMarisBooks.com. It does not govern any other information or communications that may reference Stella Maris, e.g., communications from retailers or brick and mortar stores.Collection of Personally Identifiable Information by StellaMarisBooks.com We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us.  For example, if you decide to complete a user registration form or online survey, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number), age group, gender, and the Stella Maris products you use.  If you decide to place an order, we will also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. To protect your personal information, users registering at the Site must also enter a user name/email address and password.  If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.When you submit your personally identifiable information on the Site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.Use of Personally Identifiable Information by StellaMarisBooks.com a. Opt-In Communications If you opt-in during the Site registration process or at other times when you submit personally identifiable information, the information you provide may be used by StellaMarisBooks.com to create and deliver to you our newsletters, surveys or other communications containing product information, or promotions (“Opt-In Communications”). If you prefer not to receive such Opt-In Communications, please do not opt-in to receive these communications. If you do opt-in and later decide that you would no longer like to receive these communications, see Section 12 (Choice/Opt-Out) below.b. Communications to Serve You If you have elected to provide us with your contact information, e.g., by registering at the Site, emailing our Customer Service department or placing an order, we may provide you with service related announcements concerning the Site or contact you regarding your customer service requests or your order. For example, all registered users may receive a welcoming email to confirm their registration.  These types of communications are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that StellaMarisBooks.com offers its customers.No Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information for Third Party Marketing Without Your Consent We will never provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for their use in marketing their products or services to you without your consent.Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information a. Fraud Protection and Compliance with Law We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.  We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.b. Service Providers We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf.  Examples include customer support specialists, web hosting companies, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and email service providers.  Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.c. Special Events If you elect to participate in any promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or other events during your visit to our Site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that your personally identifiable information will be shared with third parties.  By choosing to participate and submitting your personally identifiable information with respect to such events, you consent to disclosure of your personally identifiable information to such third parties.d. Business Transfers As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets.  In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the Site you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.Cookies and IP Addresses A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences.  We may, with your overt permission, place a “permanent cookie” on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user and personalize your experience and your use of our Site.  The permanent cookie will be stored on your computer’s hard drive until it expires or you remove it.  We use temporary or “session” cookies to help you shop. These cookies will expire when you close your browser.  You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies.  If you reject our cookies, you may still use the Site, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features.  We may also use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as in combination with your personally identifiable information for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.Pixel Tags and Tracking Technology When you visit this Site or view one of our emails, we may use pixel tags (also called “clear” gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our Site and personalize your experience.  We may also use pixel tags to determine what types of email your browser supports.  We may use the information collected through pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your personally identifiable information.Use of Aggregate Information We may use the information you provide in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans.  We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of the Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular.  We may share or transfer non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.Children under 13
This Site is not designed for children and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any children under 13.Links The Site may contain links to or from other websites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.  This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on the Site.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from the Site or otherwise visit.Security We implement various security measures in accordance with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline.Notification of Changes We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy.  Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.Choice/Opt-Out You may opt-out of receiving future Opt-In Communications from StellaMarisBooks.com when you register at the Site or otherwise provide your contact information to StellaMarisBooks.com. You may change your preferences at any time by revising your profile by clicking here, clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email Opt-In Communication you receive from us and following the instructions provided therein, or by sending us a message by clicking here.
“Lord Jesus, come to our aid and bring an end to the horror of abortion and all the evils that flow from it.May every human being love and honor all human life from the moment of conception to the moment of natural death.May we, your disciples always choose the Gospel of Life. Through the Eucharist, the great sacrament of life, let us be your instruments in bringing an end to the culture of death. We ask this through Christ Our Lord. Amen.”If you're ever in Fort Worth, Texas, come by and see our store.©Copyright 2020 St. Anthony's Church Supplies & Stella Maris Bookstore. All Rights Reserved
|
Web Design by WABW Media Group ™