https://stellamarisbooks.com/terms/
STELLA MARIS TERMS & CONDITIONSWelcome to the Stella Maris Web site (the “Site”). Stella Maris Books / St. Anthony’s Church Supply (“Stella Maris,” “us”, or “we”) provides the content and services available on the Site to you subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”).  By accessing or using the Site, you are acknowledging that you have read, understand, and agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by these Terms and Conditions which include our Privacy Policy, Email and Telephone Contact Policy, and Returns Policy .1. Privacy Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the Site, so that you may understand our privacy practices.2. Purchase Related Policies The products and services available on the Site, and any samples thereof we may provide to you, are for personal use only.  You may not sell or resell any of the products or services, or samples thereof, you purchase or otherwise receive from us.  We reserve the right, with or without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any orders that we believe, in our sole discretion, may result in the violation of our Terms and Conditions.3. Accuracy of Information We attempt to be as accurate as possible when describing our products on the Site; however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that the product descriptions, colors or other content available on the Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.4. Intellectual Property All content available on the Site, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations, and the compilation thereof (collectively, the “Content”) is the property of Stella Maris, our service providers, affiliates, partners or licensors, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.Except as set forth in the limited licenses in Section 5 below, or as required under applicable law, neither the Content or Trademarks nor any portion of the Site may be used, reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, accessed, modified, or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, for any purpose without our prior written consent.5. Limited License Stella Maris grants you, the consumer or observer, a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive license to access and make personal use of the Site. This limited license does not include the right to: (i) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Site or any portion thereof; (ii) modify or download the Site or Content (except caching or as necessary to view the Site); (iii) make any use of the Site or Content other than personal use; (iv) create any derivative work based upon either the Site or Content; (v) collect account information for the benefit of yourself or another party; (vi) use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing our name or the Trademarks or to otherwise use the Trademarks; or (vi) use software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or take any other action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.We also grant you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive license to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Site for personal, non-commercial use only. A Web site that links to the Site (i) may link to, but not replicate, our Content; (ii) may not imply that we are endorsing such Web site or its services or products; (iii) may not misrepresent its relationship with us; (iv) may not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, obscene, offensive or controversial, and may contain only content that is lawful and appropriate for all ages; (v) may not portray us or our products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive or objectionable manner, or associate us with undesirable products, services, or opinions; (vi) may not use any Trademark; and (vii) may not link to any page of the Site other than the home page. We may, in our sole discretion, request that you remove any link to the Site, and upon receipt of such request, you shall immediately remove such link.Any unauthorized use by you of the Site terminates the limited licenses set forth in this Section 5 without prejudice to any other remedy provided by applicable law or these Terms and Conditions.6. Your Obligations and Responsibilities In the access or use of the Site, you shall comply with these Terms and Conditions and the special warnings or instructions for access or use posted on the Site. You shall act always in accordance with the law, custom and in good faith. You may not make any change or alteration to the Site or any Content or services that may appear on this Site and may not impair in any way the integrity or operation of the Site. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, if you default negligently or willfully in any of the obligations set forth in these Terms and Conditions (including our Privacy Policy), you shall be liable for all the losses and damages that this may cause to Stella Maris, our service providers, affiliates, partners or licensors.7. Your Account You may choose to register at our Site. If you do, you will have an Email address/username and password for your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, username and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account, username and/or password. You agree to provide only accurate, truthful information.We reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts without prior notice if you violate these Terms and Conditions or if we decide, in our sole discretion, that it would be in Stella Maris’ best interests to do so.8.Third Party Links We are not responsible for the content of any off-Web site pages or any other Web sites linked to or from the Site. Links appearing on the Site are for convenience only and are not an endorsement by us, our affiliates or our partners of the referenced content, product, service, or supplier. Your linking to or from any off-Web site pages or other Web sites is at your own risk. We are in no way responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, off-Web site pages or any other Web sites linked to or from the Site, nor do we assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, content, products, or services of such pages and Web sites, including, without limitation, their privacy policies and terms and conditions. You should carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of all off-Web site pages and other Web sites that you visit.9.Submissions It is our policy to decline unsolicited suggestions and ideas. Notwithstanding our policy with regard to unsolicited suggestions and ideas, any inquiries, feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information you provide us (collectively, “Submissions”) will be treated as non-proprietary and non-confidential. Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy by transmitting or posting any Submission, you hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display any Submission in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works. You also acknowledge that your Submission may not be returned and we may use your Submission, and any ideas, concepts or know how contained therein, for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products.If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your Submission. You further represent and warrant that such Submission does not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false Email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead us as to the origin of any Submission. You agree to indemnify us for all claims arising from or in connection with any claims to any rights in any Submission.10. Representations and Warranties; Limitation of LiabilityStella Maris sells various products supplied by third parties.  Neither Stella Maris nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, or agents, or any third party providers, merchants, sponsors, or licensors guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any product, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.  Under no circumstances shall Stella Maris or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through this site.  It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available through this site.THE SITE IS PRESENTED “AS IS.” WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE.YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE), UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY (a) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (b) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THE SITE; (c) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (D) LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS A RESULT OF DEALINGS WITH OR THE PRESENCE OF OFF-WEB SITE LINKS ON THE SITE; (E) COMPUTER VIRUSES, SYSTEM FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS WHICH MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING DURING HYPERLINK TO OR FROM THIRD PARTY WEB SITES (F) ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT OR (G) EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RELATED TO THE SITE REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).11. Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your use of the Site. You also agree to indemnify us for any loss, damages, or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from your use of software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or any other action you take that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.12. Disputes With respect to any dispute regarding the Site, all rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Texas, as if the Terms and Conditions were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within Texas. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Texas, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of our affiliates, partners or licensors, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in any such court. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.13. General You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions, which include our Privacy Policy constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the Site, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting the changes on the Site. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions. We may, with or without prior notice, terminate any of the rights granted by these Terms and Conditions. You shall comply immediately with any termination or other notice, including, as applicable, by ceasing all use of the Site.Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between us. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect our full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by any applicable arbitral award or court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent as reflected in the original provision.
“Lord Jesus, come to our aid and bring an end to the horror of abortion and all the evils that flow from it.May every human being love and honor all human life from the moment of conception to the moment of natural death.May we, your disciples always choose the Gospel of Life. Through the Eucharist, the great sacrament of life, let us be your instruments in bringing an end to the culture of death. We ask this through Christ Our Lord. Amen.”If you're ever in Fort Worth, Texas, come by and see our store.©Copyright 2020 St. Anthony's Church Supplies & Stella Maris Bookstore. All Rights Reserved
|
Web Design by WABW Media Group ™