http://stgeorgesrc-york.org.uk/website-privacy-and-cookies#cookies_information
Using This Website
Website Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice has been written to inform you about how St George’s RC Primary School processes your personal data when you visit our website. This notice only applies to how the school uses your data when you visit our website. For more information about how the school uses personal data in general please see our other privacy notices.
Who are we?
St George’s RC Primary School is a ‘Data Controller’ as defined by Article 4 (7) of GDPR. This means that we determine the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your personal data is processed. We have a responsibility to you and your personal data and will only collect and use this in ways which are compliant with data protection legislation.
The school has appointed Veritau Ltd to be its Data Protection Officer (DPO). The role of the DPO is to ensure that the school is compliant with GDPR and to oversee data protection procedures. Veritau’s contact details are:
Data Protection Officer
Veritau Ltd
County Hall
Racecourse Lane
Northallerton
DL7 8AL
schoolsDPO@veritau.co.uk
01609 53 2526
Cookies
When you visit our website we will place a small file on your electronic device (computer, phone, or tablet etc) – this file is called a ‘Cookie’. This is a common practice that most websites that you visit will use.
Cookies are used so that:
We can remember the information you’ve provided us with while on our website, so you don’t have to keep re-entering the information whenever you visit a new page
We can look at how you use our website so that we can improve it for other users
When you use our website you agree that we can put these cookies on your device.
We do not use Cookies that also monitor other websites that you’ve visited (these are known as privacy intrusive cookies).
Our cookies will not identify you but if you prefer you may wish to turn Cookies off. For more information about how to this, and more information about Cookies i general, please see https://www.aboutcookies.org/
Google Analytics
Because we want to make sure our web content is the best that it could possibly be we may use something called Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this website.
Google Analytics collects information about:
What pages you visit on this website,
How long you are on this website,
What you did to get here (through another website or by search engine),
What you clicked on when visiting this website,
The number of times a word is searched for and the number of negative returns of a search result.
We do not collect any personal information (such as your name) only the above activity.
For more information about Google Analytics and to opt out of Google Analytics all together please see: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Copyright
Any information on this website, including not limited to graphics, design, text, and images are subject to Copyright which belongs to the School or a third party that has given permission for the School to use this information. The School grants permissions to electronically copy, print to hard copy, or transfer such material so long as it is for school business only.
Disclaimer and External Links
The School makes every effort to ensure the content on this website is correct and factual. The School accepts no liability for any inconvenience or loss caused by reliance on any information contained on this website.
The School makes every effort to ensure links to external websites are secure. The School accepts no liability for the privacy practices of those external websites.
Tweets by StGeorgesRCSch
Upcoming Events
Dec
15
Tue
all-day
Christmas Jumper and Christmas D...
Christmas Jumper and Christmas D...
Dec 15 all-day
Continue reading...
Dec
19
Sat
all-day
Christmas Holidays
Christmas Holidays
Dec 19 2020 – Jan 3 2021 all-day
Continue reading...
Jan
4
Mon
all-day
INSET Day for Teachers – Childre...
INSET Day for Teachers – Childre...
Jan 4 all-day
Continue reading...
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Head Teacher: Mrs Dee Patton-Statham
SENDCo: Mrs Rose Temple
Chair of Governors: Dr Marika Gatt
Part of the St. Margaret Clitherow Catholic Academy Trust
How to find us
School Day
~ Our school day begins at 8:50am and ends at 3:00pm. (2.55pm for Early Years)
~ We have a morning playtime from 10:45 - 11:00am.
~ Lunchtime for KS1 begins at 12 noon, and for KS2 at 12:10pm until 1:00pm.
Nursery - for mini dragons!
Our super new Nursery opens at 07:30 and finishes at 18:00. Click to find out more about our provision for mini dragons!
Dragons' Den Extended Day
Click here for more information about Dragons' Den, our on-site extended school facility.
~ Breakfast club runs from 7:30 until 8:50.
~ Extended day runs from 3:00-6:00.
Copyright © 2020 St. George’s RC Primary School.
All Rights Reserved.
Website Privacy Notice, Copyright, Cookies Information and Website Disclaimer
Gridiculous Pro created by c.bavota.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this.Accept and continueRead more