https://stjameslutherankc.org/privacy-policy/
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for St. James Lutheran Church and our website; http://www.stjameskc.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Registration
In order to use portions of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Donations
We request information from you on our order form. To donate to us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice specify how you will notify consumers.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 816-452-1018 or via email at office@stjameskc.org.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Login
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
RevMerle: Musings and Mutterings on what I see God up to in this world.: RevMerleAdvent 1 2020
Mark 13:24-37
Pandemic, Murder Hornets, Bush Fires in Australia, Wildfires in the U.S.  Brexit. Political assassinations.  Explosions in Beirut.  The impeachment of a President. Contested elections.             Did I leave anything out?             If 2020 has felt like anything to us, it has felt like we are close to the end of the world…. Repeatedly!    So, I’m […]
Advent 1 2020.
Mark 13
Pandemic, Murder Hornets, Bush Fires in Australia, Wildfires in the U.S.  Brexit. Political assassinations.  Explosions in Beirut.  The impeachment of a President. Contested elections.           Did I leave anything out?           If 2020 has felt like anything to us, it has felt like we are close to the end of the world…. Repeatedly!    So, I’m […]
“We Weren’t Supposed to Know.”
Matthew 25:31-46
“In these uncertain and unprecedented times…..”    Man, if I had a buck for every time I’ve heard that phrase since March I could retire tomorrow with cash to spare!           It is uncertainty that is literally killing us right now, isn’t it?           We don’t know where the virus is precisely.   It might be anywhere, […]
“Enter Into the Joy”.
Matthew 25:14-30
When I was in college I was a member of the Dana College Choir.  We would annually take an extended Choir trip singing in churches and venues along the way.   This particular choir tour we were headed to the west coast and San Francisco was on our list of places to visit. I’m a Midwestern […]
Reflections from the Camino Santiago on the day after a contentious election.
A little over a year ago I made a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compestella, walking the Coastal Route with people I had not me before.  It was two weeks of community, and it seems to me after this election when the nation seems so divided, there are some things from that journey that may be […]
Sarah’s SermonsAbundant Life
I read a story the other day about a person shopping at the grocery store, who overheard two unmasked men mocking people who were masked and talking about how they were too “tough” to wear masks. The person writing the story shared that when she got to the cashier, the cashier looked at her wearily […]
Where is God?
“Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have come to believe.” We often read these words as an indictment of Thomas. Thomas gets a bad rap: how many of us know him as “Doubting Thomas?” But I don’t think “doubting” is a fair descriptor of him. Sure, John’s Gospel records him saying that he would not believe unless […]
“Poised, Anxious Sorrow”
“This is a stillness, not of rest, but of poised, anxious sorrow.” N.T. Wright, an Anglican priest and New Testament theologian, wrote these words for an op-ed in Time Magazine this week, in which he thinks about many of the things we have been talking about these past few weeks:the way events in our world […]
Watch and Pray
I deleted the Facebook app on my phone this week.  My account is still active; I just don’t have easy access at my fingertips to pull up Facebook any time I want. I’m trying to eliminate the mindless scrolling that just takes up time, occupies the top part of my brain, raises my stress level, […]
Sight and Faith
We are living in a strange time right now, aren’t we? A time when we are surrounded by suspicion and fear…and also a time when we are pulling together to care for and protect each other. A time when we doubt what our eyes and ears tell us…and also a time when we put our […]
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 292 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Blog Topics
Events (22)
Servitor (30)
Special Ministry (7)
Uncategorized (32)
We Clothe (3)
We Educate (7)
We Feed (10)
Recent Posts: St. James Lutheran Church“Sparrows and Sparring”
Matthew 10:24-39
I am a big fan of Chef Jacques Pepin.  You may remember him from some memorable cooking shows on PBS with an elderly Julia Child, or from his cooking shows about “fast food my way” where he would show people how quickly and easily a really good meal could be prepared with just simple … Continue reading “Sparrows and Sparring”
Matthew 10:24-39
Holy Trinity Sunday
Matthew 28:16-20
“I can’t believe what I am seeing…”
“I don’t believe what I’m seeing…”   There are a whole bunch of variations on that these days, aren’t there? Living now weeks into a pandemic and civil unrest, a point of conversation in nearly every interchange these days is some kind of comment on what we have seen. Partiers in the Ozarks over Memorial … Continue reading Holy Trinity Sunday
Matthew 28:16-20
“I can’t believe what I am seeing…”
Stewardship Notes from the Pastor
Strategic Giving for Retirees Dana J. Holt People have been tithing for millennia. In Christian tradition, the aim of many is to give 10% of their household income to the church as offering to God. But how much should we give after we retire and don’t have a regular income from work anymore? And where … Continue reading Stewardship Notes from the Pastor
Study Opportunities
St. James offers a variety of options for adult learning and interaction, so take advantage of these that fit your schedule or interest. “Coffee with Jesus” Wednesdays at 7 a.m. at Perkins on North Oak, or Saturdays at 9 a.m. at Green Acres Market in Briarcliff. It’s a little comic, a little scripture, and a … Continue reading Study Opportunities
Church in the World Notes
The Clay County Clothes Closet is the charity chosen by Church in the World Committee for the month of April April 7th and 14th have been designated “Undie Sundays”. Besides gifts of gently used clothing we’re asking for donations of NEW underwear and NEW Socks, all sizes from children’s to adult. Or, you can make … Continue reading Church in the World Notes
%d bloggers like this: