http://stjohnandstephen.co.uk/safeguarding-privacy/
GDPR / Privacy
GDPR – GENERAL DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
The Parochial Church Council (PCC) of St John & St Stephen’s, Reading
1. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). This data is usually held electronically.
2. Who are we?
The PCC of St John’s Reading is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The PCC of St John and St Stephen’s Reading complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data. General information is kept both by the church office and financial data by the Church Treasurer on behalf of the PCC.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To administer membership records;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St John & St Stephen’s PCC;
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your gift aid donations and keep you informed about diocesan events.
Processing is carried out by the church office provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
5. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent.
6. How long do we keep your personal data[1]?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out in the guide “Keep or Bin: Care of Your Parish Records” which is available from the Church of England website [see footnote for link].
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork while it remains valid and then for an additional 6 years; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the PCC of St John and St Stephen’s, Reading holds about you;
The right to request that the PCC of St John and S Stephen’s Reading corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the PCC of St John and St Stephen’s Reading to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability).
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
8. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the PCC Secretary; Mr Richard Harwood c/o The church office, 121-147 Orts Road, Reading RG1 3JN
Date of Review: 1.1.2020
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
https://www.churchofengland.org/more/libraries-and-archives/records-management-guides
Search for:
Recent Posts
Advent 2B – Sunday 6th December 2020
Advent Sunday – 29th November 2020
Last Sunday before Advent, Christ the King, 22nd November 2020 – Sheep and Goats
Second Sunday before Advent, November 15th 2020,
Sermon on the Mount /Beatitudes – Sunday 8th November 2020
Make sure you get this right! – Sermon October 25th 2020, Trinity 20
Sermon for St Luke the Evangelist, Trinity 19 October 18th 2020
Sermon – Sunday 11th October 2020 – Trinity 18
Race, Diversity and Racism – Taboo, Toxic, Overplayed? – Sunday October 4th 2020
Lessons for the Journey – Sunday 27th September, Trinity 16A
Categories
Church
Current News
Events
Front Page Items
Latest News
Latest NEWT
Latest Sermon
School
Sermons
Talks from Café Communion
People
Claire Alcock
Vicar
Richard Croft
LLM
Hamish Bruce
LLM
Jeremy Thake
LLM
Peter Crooks
Christine Bainbridge
Associate Priest
Mark Laynesmith
Chaplain at Reading University
Tanya Penn
Café and Parish Centre Manager
Not just them!
Loving our community
TagsAntony Gormley
Art
Christianity
Church
confirmation
Dan Flavin
Diocese
Discussion
doubt
Easter
Echarist
Ecology
Electoral Roll
Epiphany
Existentialist
faith
featured
film
Holy Week
human
Impossibility
inclusive
Insurrection
Jesus
kingdom
lent
Light
Mass
Meditation
Music
Newt
PCC
Poetry
Powers
prayer
progressive
questions
Resitance
Saints
silence
Spirituality
Supereroes
Theology
Wonder
wrestling
St John & St Stephen's Links
Child Contact Centre – East Reading
CommuniCare
Daily prayer
Diocese of Oxford
Engaging the Powers
Greenbelt
Greening St John's
Phillipi Counselling
Solar Schools
St John's CE (Aided) Primary School
Taize Community
Third Way
Details
St. John & St. Stephen’s
121-147 Orts Road
Reading
RG1 3JN.
Email:
office@stjohnandststephen.org.uk
Phone: 0118 926 3633
Vicar - Revd Claire Alcock
Eucharist Sunday at 10:30 am
Morning Prayer 9.00am (Monday & Wednesday)
Café 9-10am (weekdays)
Café Communion 10.45am Thursdays
Recent Posts
Advent 2B – Sunday 6th December 2020
Advent Sunday – 29th November 2020
Last Sunday before Advent, Christ the King, 22nd November 2020 – Sheep and Goats
Second Sunday before Advent, November 15th 2020,
Sermon on the Mount /Beatitudes – Sunday 8th November 2020
Make sure you get this right! – Sermon October 25th 2020, Trinity 20
Sermon for St Luke the Evangelist, Trinity 19 October 18th 2020
Sermon – Sunday 11th October 2020 – Trinity 18
Race, Diversity and Racism – Taboo, Toxic, Overplayed? – Sunday October 4th 2020
Lessons for the Journey – Sunday 27th September, Trinity 16A
Safeguarding Safeguarding
GDPR / Privacy
Search
Search for: