https://stlukesokc.org/privacy-policy/
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share via Email
SECTION 1 – Information
What do we do with your information?
When you donate to or purchase something from St. Luke’s United Methodist Church, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our organization, new events and other updates.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If you change your mind after you’ve opted in, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information at any time by contacting us at info@stlukesokc.org.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but we advise users using such forms to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
SECTION 5 – COOKIES
This website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website. Where applicable, this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer/device
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server, to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto their computers hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their Web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but it will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy for further information.
Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
SECTION 6 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If St. Luke’s United Methodist Church is acquired or merged with another organization, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to be in contact with you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@stlukesokc.org.
Sign up for Devotionals and Email Updates
Step 1 of 2
50%
Name*Email*
What updates do you want to get?
Church Updates
Daily Devotionals
Life @ St. Luke’s Newsletter
Edmond Campus Update
Youth Update
Weekly Family Devotionals
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Submit a Prayer Request
To notify us of a prayer request, please fill out our form, or call the church office at 232-1371.
Begin Request
Prayer Request
Name
First
Last
Email
PhonePrimary Campus
Asbury Campus
Downtown Campus
Edmond Campus
N/A
Message*The St. Luke's Prayer Team and Clergy will be praying over your request.
Connect on Social
Download the App
Register Attendance
Register Attendance - 2020 Worship
Name*
First Name
Last Name
Address
Street Address
City
State / Province / Region
ZIP / Postal Code
Email
Cell PhonePhoneWorship Service Attended:*Please Select10:50 a.m. Traditional Worship (on-campus)10:50 a.m. Traditional Worship Livestream (online)11 a.m. LifeLight Contemporary Worship (on-campus)11 a.m. LifeLight Contemporary Worship Livestream (online)Member Status*
1st Time Guest
2nd Time Guest
Regular Guest
St. Luke's Member
NumberNumber of People Worshiping With You Today? Enter 1 if only you. 12345678Names of People Worshipping With You Today:Please Contact Me About:
Prayer Request
Becoming a Member
Other
Prayer RequestPlease let us know what we can be praying for.Which campus do you normally attend?*
Downtown Campus
Edmond Campus
Asbury Campus
Online
Other Church
None
Downtown worship service usually attended:*
8:30 a.m. Traditional
9:40 a.m. LifeLight Contemporary
10:50 a.m. Traditional
Edmond worship service usually attended:*
9:15 a.m. LifeLight Contemporary
11 a.m. Traditional