https://stmcs.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
St. Margaret Catholic School
This privacy policy (the “Agreement’”) sets forth the privacy practices for www.stmcs.com (the “Website”). By accessing, browsing, using and/or downloading the pages on this Website, you agree to accept and comply with this Agreement for each use and visit to this Website. If you do not agree to accept and comply with this Agreement, you should not access, browse, or otherwise use this Website.
St. Margaret Catholic School reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this Agreement, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates. You agree to regularly review this Agreement and to be aware of such revisions. Your use of this Website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by this Agreement as changed.
Collection of Information
Cookies
In connection with your use of the Website, we may automatically collect information from you using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. A cookie by itself does not personally identify the user; it merely identifies the computer or device with which the user accesses the Website. Cookies help us track user behavior such as which pages you visit and how long spend in each area of the site, and this data helps us improve our user experience.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies. If you delete your cookies or set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Website may not work as designed. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web Beacons
We also may use web beacons (also known as “pixel tags”) to access cookies and to count users who visit our Website or open our email messages. Web beacons are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track online movements of our users. We may use web beacons to collect information about your interactions with our e-mail messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions, and the device you use to read our emails.
Third Party Analytics
We may use third parties to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other devices or technologies to collect information about your use of the Website including your IP address, web browser, search terms, pages viewed, time spent on pages, and demographic information. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze visitation data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand the usage of our Website.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including the following:
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Website;
Operate and improve our Website;
Provide you with advertising and analyze the results, including from third party websites and applications;
Respond to your comments and questions;
Send you newsletters and emails;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal;
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you for various purposes, including the following:
We may share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with developers, vendors, or other companies that help us operate our Website or advertisements.
We may share information in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business.
We may share information for other reasons as may be described to you.
Form data and email submissions may be checked through an automated third party spam and or virus detection service.
Embedded content from other websites
Some content or pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that 3rd party website.
Contact forms
All form data submitted will be emailed to us and may be stored for future reference. All form submissions may be logged, viewed and stored, by employees.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register or comment on our website (if applicable), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
How We Protect Your Information
We use industry standard security measures to protect this Website and your information. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of the Website will be completely secure and encourage you to take steps to protect yourself online.
Children’s Privacy
The Website is not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Links
The Website may contain links to third party websites. If you click on those links, you will be taken to sites that we do not control. This Agreement does not apply to the information and privacy practices of those sites. You should read the privacy policy of other sites you visit carefully, and we are not responsible for such third party websites.
Non-U.S. Users
This Website is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Website or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information to the U.S., where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
This Website is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Website or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information to the U.S., where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.AcceptPrivacy Policy