http://stml.org.uk/about/privacy-policy/
About
St Margarets Lothbury Privacy Policy
22nd May 2018
About this policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information in accordance with Data Protection legislation. ‘Personal information’ is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you. This Policy explains how and why we collect your personal information and how it is used.
This Policy may change from time to time so please check it periodically.
What information do we collect about you?
We may collect the following information about you:
Your nameYour date of birthThe date of your baptismThe date of your marriageYour mother and father’s names and occupationsThe names of your Godparents at your baptismThe names of the witnesses at your weddingYour contact information including email addresses, telephone numbers and postal addressesDonations you have made to the churchA record of any meetings held with you individually by any of the PCC members, or employee and / or clergy sponsored by the TrustCCTV security video inside the church or the garden behind the church which may include images of you if you have visited the church or garden at any time.
Why do we collect this information and what do we do with it?
We ask for your name to satisfy the legal requirement to maintain the electoral roll of the church.
We ask for email and postal addresses to keep in touch with you as part of our legitimate interest to communicate with you about what is going on at the church, including courses and as part of fund-raising activities for the church. Please contact us using the details at the end of this policyif you wish to opt out of receiving  communications from us.
We keep paper records of baptism information as follows: name and date of birth of person who was baptised, date of baptism, parents names and occupations and Godparents names as part of our legitimate interest to keep records of baptisms as required by the Church of England.
We keep paper records of marriages as part of the legal requirement to record marriages, including names of the people getting married, their addresses and professions, the names of their parents and the names of witnesses. We share this with the England and Wales General Register Office as required by law
We require contact details and the date of birth of PCC members and records of donations made to the church to satisfy the legal requirements defined by the Charities Act 2011.
We keep a record of meetings held with you as part of our legitimate interest in following our safeguarding policy.
We use CCTV video recording as part of our legitimate interest to protect the church buildings and property from vandalism and theft.
We may share the personal data we receive from you with selected third party service providers who assist us in distributing our communications via email or post, or who provide hosted email and file storage and CCTV services. We will not share your personal information with other third parties unless you give us permission or we are required to do so by law.
How do we keep your information safe and secure?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable electronic and physical security procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
How long do we keep your information?
The electoral roll is updated annually and if you are no longer attending the church or do not complete the electoral roll form, your information will be removed
We are required to keep your donation information for 7 years after the financial year end that the donations were made
CCTV recordings are kept for 30 days and then erased
Course attendee lists are kept for up to 6 months after the course has completed.
The safeguarding register of meetings is kept for up to 2 years after the meeting was held
Members of the PCC personal data will be kept for 1 year after their term of office in the PCC ceases.
Records of baptisms and marriages are kept permanently.
Your rights regarding the personal information we hold about you
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal information under data protection law. In relation to certain rights, we may ask you for information to confirm your identity and, where applicable, to help us to search for your personal information. Except in rare cases, we will respond to you within 30 days after we have received this information or, where no such information is required, after we have received your request. The rights you have are as follows:
Accessing your personal information
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information that we hold about you by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this policy.
Correcting and updating your personal information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change your name or address/email address, or you discover that any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please let us know by contacting us in any of the details described at the end of this policy.
Objecting to our use of your personal information
You may object to us using your personal information for the purposes described in this policy by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this policy. If we agree that your objection is justified in accordance with your rights under data protection laws, we will permanently stop using your data for those purposes. Otherwise we will provide you with our justification as to why we need to continue using your data.
Erasing your personal information or restricting its processing
In certain circumstances, you may ask for your personal information to be removed from our systems by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this policy. Unless there is a reason that the law allows us to use your personal information for longer, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Transferring your personal information in a structured data file
You may ask us to provide you with a copy of that information in a structured data file. We will provide this to you electronically in a structured, commonly used and machine readable form, such as a CSV file. We may not provide you with a copy of your personal information if this concerns other individuals or we have another lawful reason to withhold that information.
Complaining to the UK data protection regulator
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you are concerned about the way we have processed your personal information. Please visit the ICO’s website for further details.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints about the processing of your personal information or wish to contact us you can do so using the postal address or email address below:
Cliff Radmore, St Margaret’s Church, Lothbury, London, EC2R 7HHEmail: admin@stml.orgTelephone: 020 7726 4878
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.