https://stnicks.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Ecotherapy
Recycling
News
Events
Blog
Join Us
Contact
St Nicks
Centre for nature and green living
Enjoy natureLearn about the nature reserve, its wildlife and how it’s managed. Plus suggestions for things to do when visiting.
Get inspiredBe inspired by the projects based at the Environment Centre and its green design. Plus information on room hire, our education programme, events, blog and tips of the week.
Make a differenceSee how you can help St Nicks achieve its aims by adopting green living, volunteering, joining us, donating or raising funds in other ways.
About usFind contact details, directions, vacancies, history of the charity, its vision and governance.
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how St Nicks uses and protects any information that you give St Nicks either via this website, by phone, by post or in person.
St Nicks is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, by phone, by post or in person then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
St Nick’s may change this policy occasionally by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from March 2018.
You are welcome to change the way you receive information from us at any time by contacting us in writing at:
Email: info@stnicks.org.uk
Post: St Nicks Environment Centre, Rawdon Avenue, York, YO10 3ST
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Job title (where relevant, eg. for Business Waste customers)
Contact information including email address, postal address and phone number
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Records of volunteer hours you’ve given
Records of events you’ve attended
Records of donations you have made to St Nicks
If you are a volunteer at St Nicks or are a participant on our Ecotherapy programme, we will also need to collect the following information from you:
Emergency contact details
Health details
Criminal records
We need to collect this data to ensure your safety while participating in sessions run by St Nicks, and also for the safety of others around you.
We may also need to collect the following information in order to report back to funders regarding the demographics of project participants:
Date of birth
Gender
Why we collect your personal data
We require this information to enable us to contact you for the following reasons:
To fulfil membership obligations
To inform you about our latest news, events and activities including fundraising appeals via our monthly email update, quarterly newsletter and website
To inform you about volunteering opportunities
If you are attending an event, volunteer session or Ecotherapy group at St Nicks, we may need to contact you regarding any changes or cancellation of the event (ie change of location, time etc)
To fulfil a contract (for Business Waste recycling customers)
To obtain feedback from you as a user of St Nicks
To fulfil grant funders requirement to collect diversity and equality information
We will only contact you according to your contact preferences, and will only use your data for the purposes it was collected for.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Administration purposes such as attendance registers and internal record keeping. This is to enable St Nicks to fulfil obligations to report back to funders regarding number of people engaged with the project, participant demographics including the geographical areas participants came from.
We may use the information to improve our projects and services.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We will only contact you according to your contact preferences.
Controlling your personal information
Under new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) coming into place on 25th May 2018, we must have your consent to contact you and store your personal information.
Current contacts (prior to 25th May 2018):
An email was sent out in April 2018 to inform all existing contacts (members, volunteers, recycling customers, ecotherapy participants, event attendees) to give their consent regarding contact preferences through an opt-in form which is available to complete online or in paper format.
We will inform all existing contacts whose involvement with St Nicks represents a ‘legitimate interest’ – ie where communication from us is an expected part of their involvement, for example to inform volunteers about changes to a session, contact members regarding membership renewal, inform event attendees about any changes etc (this list is not exhaustive) – of our updated Privacy Policy.
All existing contacts will be given the opportunity to update their contact preferences at any time.
New contacts:
From May 25th 2018, all new contacts (members, volunteers, Business Waste recycling customers, Ecotherapy participants, event attendees) will be asked to give their consent regarding contact preferences through an opt-in form as part of their initial registration, either online through the website or via a paper form.
This ‘opt-in’ consent will let you decide when and by which communication channels we contact you.
You can change your contact preferences any time by contacting us in writing at:
Email: info@stnicks.org.uk
Post: St Nicks Environment Centre, Rawdon Avenue, York, YO10 3ST
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All personal contact details are stored securely on a password protected server, and on a password protected CRM database. The date consent was given, how consent was given (ie via email, on application form etc) and which member of staff processed the consent will be recorded.
The password protected server is located in a locked office within St Nicks Environment Centre. The server is backed up in a secure location off site.
Where consent is not given to store any personal information, all records will be deleted/destroyed. This includes all paper records (eg. enrolment forms, feedback forms) and electronic records (eg. excel spreadsheet, CRM database and any email history).
Where consent is not given to store a certain type of personal information (ie email address or phone number), all records containing this information will be deleted/destroyed. This includes all paper records (eg. enrolment forms, feedback forms) and electronic records (eg. excel spreadsheet, CRM database and any email history).
Consent will be renewed every two years from the date of initial consent.
Data will be kept for one year from the end of membership, end of contract agreement for Business Waste customers, last volunteer or Ecotherapy session or event attended. In cases where funders require us to keep project participant details for a longer length of time, consent to do so will be gained from participants.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, are required to send it to relevant funders, or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to St Nicks, York Environment Centre, Rawdon Avenue, York YO10 3ST, United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to easily visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
This page was last updated 25 May 2018
Donate
News
Job Opportunity - Green Mentor
Are you passionate about the environment and supporting young people to make a difference? An …
Precious Plastics York - kickstarting a plastic revolution in York
Our month-long Precious Plastic York crowdfunder goes live today. We have many rewards available …
Read more news posts
Social Media
Tweets by StNicksFields
Follow @StNicksFields
Thanks to
Latest Posts
Zero Waste Christmas
It's been two years since I first wrote about waste at Christmas and my how attitudes have changed …
Make a festive wreath - seasonal ecotherapy
Early December is the perfect time to connect with nature through some reflective and sensory time …
Read more from the blog
Copyright 2020 ©
St Nicks | Charity no. 1153739
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy