https://stopwar.out.re/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
VISITORS TO OUR WEBSITE
When someone visits www.stopwar.org.uk, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this.
We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work efficiently as well as to provide information over the site. To manage your cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
OUR WEBSITE
We use a standard WordPress service to collect anonymous information about users’ activity on the site in order to improve our services.
Our website is hosted by Outlandish using AmazonWebServices (AWS) in the EEA.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBERS
Your information is securely stored in the third-party service, Action Network. We use AmazonSES to send emails.
We do not share your email address with anyone else.
OTHER WEBSITES
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 07 August 2020.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can contact us at
86 Durham Road
London
N7 7DT
UK
020 7561 4830
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse you agree to this.
See our privacy policy for more information.
×