https://stormgrass.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Tech-stuff
Food
About me
Pixels
Privacy Policy
Twitter
RSS
Hi there! This page is meant to show you how much of your personally identifiable data is stored when you visit and interact with this website (in accordance with the GDPR or in Austria DSGVO, TKG 2003).
Hosting
This website is hosted on a server owned and maintained by Digital Ocean LLC. I have a DPA (Data Processing Agreement) with Digital Ocean, which allows them to provide their service. More about this here.
Metrics
In order to properly operate this website, I need some statistics about the visitors to this website. I do this by using Matomo, an open-source metrics software. It’s self-hosted on one of my servers and IP-addresses are not stored in full, which means no personally identifiable information is stored. Still, if you don’t want to be tracked, Matomo honours the “Do Not Track” feature built into most browsers, or you can simply opt out of being tracked by clicking here.
Third party services and content
I sometimes embed services by third parties. These include but aren't limited to Podlove, the plugin which serves up my podcast, but also sometimes images, RSS feeds, videos, etc. These third parties will see your IP-address, in order to be able to deliver what they are supposed to deliver. In the case of Podlove, no personal data is stored. Other services might store your IP-address for metrics. I try to only use services of which I can be fairly certain that they will use your IP address only to deliver whatever I want them to deliver to you. Unfortunately, though, I have no power over whether these services will store your IP-address or not. I will update this privacy policy accordingly whenever I'm aware whether these services will store IP addresses.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s device – in that case your device. They are used here mainly for metric purposes, but may also be used to make sure your visit here is unencumbered (for example by not having to click the Cookie Notification every time you visit this website). You can turn off the storing of cookies right in your browser, in which case no cookies will be stored on your devices.
Contact and Comments
If you contact me via the contact form found on my contact page or comment on a post, your personal data, that is your name, your e-mail address, optionally your company name and your message, will be stored only in order to process your inquiry. Which means: I will use your e-mail address to reply to you and your name to address you accordingly. Personal data entered via the contact form will be deleted after six months.
Information on stored data
You have the right to know which of your personal data I have stored, and I am happy to to tell you. You can then decide to have that data wiped as well. Just write me an e-mail at richard@stormgrass.com or call me at +43720515433 and we’ll get it done.
© Stormgrass
Design by HTML5 UP
Published with Ghost