https://store.family-historian.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Store / Privacy Policy
We at Calico Pie are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
In compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this policy document (together with our Terms & Conditions and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site www.family-historian.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you request a free trial of our software, create an account with us as customer, create an account with us as a plugin author, subscribe to our newsletter, place an order on our site, contact us via the support centre, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. Forms you fill in when making a purchase may include financial and credit card information; however, these details are handled directly by our payment processor (whichever you choose – the options currently available are Paypal or Stripe).  We do not store, or even see, these details. If you wish to know how Paypal and Stripe process the data you provide to them, please see their privacy policies.
If you install and use our software, you may choose to register your product with us.  If you opt to do so, you will give us your name, email address, and country, and whether or not you wish to subscribe to our newsletter.  We will also record the product version you are using.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us, and to support you effectively with regard to orders you have placed, or with regard to installing or using our software and services;
to send you newsletters by email, or to email you details of discounts or offers for which you qualify (see our Email Privacy Policy), or other goods and services which we believe may be of interest to you, if you opted to receive these;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Calico Pie Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Calico Pie Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Access to your information, correction and erasure
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. To do this please email us or write to us (see contact details below). We will need to verify your identity. You may also ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.  If you no longer wish us to hold personal data about you, you may request us to remove it.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Data controller
The data controller for our website is Calico Pie Limited, 7 Effingham Road, Lee, London, SE12 8NZ, United Kingdom.
Contact
Questions, feedback and requests regarding this privacy policy should be emailed to info@family-historian.co.uk. Alternatively, you can also write to: Calico Pie Limited, 7 Effingham Road, Lee, London, SE12 8NZ, United Kingdom.
Basket
Search for:
Search
Product CategoriesBooks
Companion Products
Downloads
Family Historian 6
Family Historian 7
Upgrades
All Products