https://store.family-historian.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Store / Terms & Conditions
Try Before You Buy
We provide a 30-day free trial of Family Historian to let you fully evaluate it, to ensure it meets your needs prior to making a purchase decision.  During your trial period, our support staff are available (email support@family-historian.co.uk) to help you with any installation or configuration issues. We strongly recommend that all customers download, install, and test the trial version of Family Historian prior to making a purchase (full version, or upgrade).
No Refunds Post Purchase
After a cleared payment on the purchase of a licence for Family Historian (full version or upgrade) you will receive an email with the registration key required to unlock the software. Once this information is emailed to you, no refund will be given. The reason for this policy is that unlike a physical product, registered software, by its nature, cannot be returned.
Refund Under Exceptional Circumstances
In exceptional circumstances, and only within 21 days of purchase, if due to technical difficulties or platform incompatibilities the software will not function, we may, at our discretion, issue a refund minus our order processing and transaction fees. In such cases, we require that you provide enough information for us to positively identify your purchase transaction (e.g. your email address, order number, date of transaction, etc.). If we are able to positively identify your order, and if your request is made within 21 days of purchase, you must submit to us a letter confirming your destruction of the software, and all copies of registration keys, before we will process the refund. Calico Pie is not responsible for lost, delayed, or misdirected mail or email, delays for downloading, or other communication system delays.
Acceptance of this Policy
It is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with this refund policy. By placing an order for any of our products, you indicate that you have read this refund policy and that you agree with and fully accept the terms of this refund policy.
If you do not agree with or fully accept the terms of this refund policy, we ask that you do not place an order with us.  Please email support@family-historian.co.uk should you have any questions regarding our refund policy.
Payment and Delivery
When you purchase a product, we will take payment in full and send you an email immediately with whatever licences you have paid for, and all necessary instructions.  The only exception to this is multi-user licences which require special processing, and are normally delivered within two working days of the order being placed.  These too will be delivered by email.
Unless stated otherwise in the product description, all licences remain valid indefinitely for the software version they apply to, as long as the terms of the licence agreement continue to be met by the licence owner.
The time it takes for emails to arrive is variable, but they should normally arrive within minutes of being sent.  If the expected email does not appear within 24 hours from the time it should have been sent, please check your spam folder, in case it has been treated as spam by your email-handling software.  If you are unable to find it, please contact Calico Pie customer services (email support@family-historian.co.uk).
Privacy Policy
See Privacy Policy.
Basket
Search for:
Search
Product CategoriesBooks
Companion Products
Downloads
Family Historian 6
Family Historian 7
Upgrades
All Products