https://stpaulsmanuka.org.au/churches/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://stpaulsmanuka.org.au.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Parish Privacy Statement
Introduction
The Anglican Parish of Manuka is committed to complying with the Privacy Act 1988(Cth), and the Privacy (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”).
All personal information held by the Parish that is within the meaning of “personal information” under the Privacy Act, will be treated in accordance with the APPs.
Purpose of the Policy – To protect the privacy of all personal data held by the Parish.
Australian Privacy Principles : The full text of the APPs can be found at https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/privacy-fact-sheets/general/privacy-fact-sheet-17-australian-privacy-principles.
Collection and Management of Personal Information
·       The Parish collects personal information by registration and with the consent of individuals. Information is provided directly by individuals or their spouse / parents/ guardians to the Parish. The primary purpose for the collection of personal information is to enable contact for pastoral, liturgical and administrative purposes between the Parish clergy, ministry leaders and officials and parishioners.
Personal Information Collected by the Parish includes: Name and date of birthSpouse / child(ren) names and dates of birthHome and postal address / place of hospital admission, respite careEmail and phone contact detailsSacramental history
Personal informationis used for pastoral, administrative and liturgical purposes by the Parish clergy, parish office administrator, parish officials (wardens and parish councillors) and parish leaders (music directors, group / activity leaders, Licensed Lay Ministers). Personal information may also be recorded in parish registers (baptism, confirmation, admission to communion, marriage, burial).
Protocols for Collection and Use of Information: Information is to be collected by voluntary registration only. Parish officers and group leaders should use the current parish approved consent acknowledgement and reference to this policy in gathering information. Parish officers and group leaders should receive a copy of this policy in their induction process. Access to this policy is to be made available at the Parish Centre and on the Parish website.
Storage: Information collected by the Parish is to be stored in secure offices (Parish office and Rector’s study) and softcopy data stored in password protected computers. Group / activity leaders should only collect and store information relevant for the administration of their groups and are not to use this information for purposes other than which it was provided. It is to be kept in secure files and not provided to third parties without legal authority.
Disclosure of Personal Information:Personal information may be shared with Diocesan entities for sacramental and liturgical purposes (eg. Reporting names of confirmation candidates to the bishop’s office) as well as for administrative and pastoral purposes. It may also be shared with other Anglican entities, domestically and internationally (eg. A request for proof of baptism) and on request of the parishioner concerned also provided to third party organisations (eg. Provided to mission organisations for tax deductible receipts). Appropriate notification of this policy should be provided at the time of collecting information.
Overseas Disclosure:Personal information is unlikely to be disclosed to overseas entities however this may arise for sacramental purposes (eg. providing certification of baptism / confirmation to a church / school etc overseas) in which instance the disclosure is usually at the request of the individual.
Collection and Management of Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is only collected by consent.
Sensitive information is required from individuals by the Parish for various purposes.
Pastoral and liturgical ministry (eg. confirmation, reception, marriage) may require the collection of sensitive information for the completion of legal documents and for administrative purposes (eg. entering information into registers). Sensitive information is required for vetting of parish officials, staff, volunteers and ministry leaders and from contractors.
The forms of sensitive information collected may include: Police checks and Working With Vulnerable People check (ACT) / Working With Children Checks (NSW) for staff, volunteers and contractors as appropriateReligious information: baptism, confirmation, and ordination information for individuals seeking admission to sacraments or to fulfil official or volunteer roles in the parish. Marital status information Ministry questionnaire informationMarriage preparation questionnaires and reportsLicences and qualifications (ministry leaders, parish officials, contractors for building services, maintenance and services)Pastoral records (contemporaneous notes made by the clergy / ministry leader of pastoral conversations)Records for WHS and insurance purposes: eg. incident reports.  Sensitive information may be obtained by and provided to the following Parish personnel: the Rector and parish clergythe parish office administrator the Churchwardens Members of the Parish Council. Sensitive information may be shared by the Parish with the Diocese and its entities and insurers as required for purposes of licensing, approval and administration. It may also be shared with other agencies as required by law.    Storage of sensitive information:sensitive information that has been collected is to be stored as follows:  hardcopy files in a secure filing cabinet in a secure officeelectronic databases and softcopy files stored and backed up with encryption on computers.
Access to Personal Information
Individuals have a right to access or to request correction of personal information held by the Parish except for confidential pastoral records and some marriage preparation reports which we are not authorised to pass on). Individuals wishing to gain access or request correction of personal information should contact the Parish Office in the first instance.