https://ststephens.church/privacy/
St Stephen’s Privacy Statement
We at St Stephen’s Anglican Church Normanhurst respect your privacy.
The information we collect
St Stephen’s usually collect personal information such as a person’s name, age, contact details, and family details so that St Stephen’s can contact you. We may also collect this and other types of personal information for ministry purposes – for example when you register for camps or events, and when you participate in St Stephen’s activities or complete other forms. When we collect sensitive information, as defined in the Privacy Act, we will collect it with your consent when required to do so by law.
How we use your information
A parish directory with St Stephen’s members contact information is made available to all St Stephen’s members and you have the choice of whether to include your contact information in this publication or not.
Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information to establish and maintain your involvement with St Stephen’s, including providing you with newsletters and email updates, to provide the products, services and event registrations you have requested from St Stephen’s and to answer your inquiries.
St Stephen’s may disclose your personal information to third party service providers, agents or contractors such from time to time to help us to provide our services. If we do this, we generally require those parties to protect your personal information in the same way we do.
Security
We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and the use of secure databases and files to keep personal information held on IT systems secure from misuse, loss or unauthorised use or disclosure.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
St Stephen’s may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Access to your information and Contacting Us
Generally, you can access personal information we hold about you. If we deny your request in some circumstances we will tell you why. Please contact the Office Administrator at St Stephen’s Anglican Church, 2 Kenley Rd Normanhurst NSW 2076 or on 9487 3730 or using the online contact form to ask for access to your personal information, if you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal information, or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy, or our third party service providers, agents or contractors.