http://stthereses-shavertown.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
ParishAbout Pastor’s Page Pastoral Staff Sacraments Social Justice Committee Photo Gallery History Saint Therese of Lisieux Parish Registration Form
MinistriesMinistries Catalog
SchedulesMass Schedule Liturgical Minister Schedule Parish Event Calendar Parish Event Descriptions Religious Education
ResourcesWeekly Parish Bulletin (Current) Weekly Parish Bulletin (Archive) Weekly Readings Religious Links Area Catholic Schools Area Catholic Churches Social Justice Committee Religious Education
NewsNight at the Movies Diocesan Annual Appeal 2019 Celebration of Ministry 2018 Spirit of Service Day 2018 Parish Mission February 25-27, 2018 Celebration of Ministry 2017 Spirit of Service Day 2017
GivingPlanned Giving Organizations Helped By Planned Giving
ContactContact Saint Therese’s Parish Community Directions To St. Therese’s
www.StThereses-Shavertown.com
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the web pages, newsletters, online forms and ecards operated by StThereses-Shavertown.com. The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What information is being collected and how is it being collected?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any website within StThereses-Shavertown.com, our 2eb servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. Our web host(1) does collect email addresses of those to whom ecards are sent and the addresses of those who voluntarily submit them through Parish registration. The ecard email addresses are used solely to deliver the ecard notifications to the recipients and are NOT public domain.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. StThereses-Shavertown.com currently does not employ cookies for any of its website activities.
What other information do you request?
We may also request your email address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to newsletters, announcement lists, ecards, envelope requests, etc.). Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy, which means that we do not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your email address to a third-party, without your consent.
In addition, StThereses-Shavertown.com will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. We may from time to time send email announcing StThereses-Shavertown.com services.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third-parties?
StThereses-Shavertown.com will disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on StThereses-Shavertown.com.
Protect and defend the rights or property of the StThereses-Shavertown.com, or visitors to StThereses-Shavertown.com.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
StThereses-Shavertown.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. We are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third-parties which receive information illegally. StThereses-Shavertown.com also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
StThereses-Shavertown.com contains many links to other websites. StThereses-Shavertown.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. StThereses-Shavertown.com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide StThereses-Shavertown.com with the sites to which we link.
Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online—for example through email, discussion lists or elsewhere—that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by StThereses-Shavertown.com as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us via email or call the rectory 570.696.1144.
Search
Search:
Pastor’s PagePastoral StaffSacramentsSocial Justice CommitteePhoto GalleryHistorySaint Therese of LisieuxParish Registration Form
Go to Top