https://stvincentmow.org/about-us/privacy-terms-of-use/
St. Vincent Meals on Wheels (St. Vincent) collects information from our users in the following Web pages:
Make a Donation Form
Give in Honor or Memory of Form
Breakfast Club Form
Circle of Angels Form
Let’s Do Lunch Form
Volunteer Application
Planned Giving Interest Form
See a Miracle Request Form
Mailing list
Tell a Friend
Event Registration Forms
Mobile Giving
1. Information Use
St. Vincent Meals on Wheels is the sole owner of the information collected on stvincentmow.org. St. Vincent collects personally identifiable information from our users at several points on our website.
Forms
Donation Form – If you donate online, we require that you provide the following personal information (this information applies to forms below as well): your first name, last name, phone number, email address and payment information (cardholder’s name, credit card number, credit card type, credit card expiration date and CCV code). This information is necessary to process your donation and to contact you if we encounter any problems.
Giving in Honor or Memory of – If you donate in honor or memory of a loved one, we require that you provide all the same personal and credit card information that we request in the donation form as well as the names and addresses of the people whom you’re making a donation in honor of or in memory of. We also require for you to provide the name and address of the person whom you would like to send an acknowledgement of your gift. The information that we request in the give in honor or memory of form is necessary to process your donation, to contact you if we encounter any problems, to acknowledge the person whom you’re making a donation in honor or memory of, and to send an acknowledgement of your gift to this individual, if you elect to do so.
Giving Clubs – To join a giving club (Breakfast Club, Let’s Do Lunch, Circle of Angels) online, we require that you provide all the same personal and credit card information that we request in the donation form. This information is necessary to process your giving club membership and to contact you if we encounter any problems.
Planned Giving – We require that you provide the following personal information in our planned giving interest form: your first and last name, address, phone number and email address. We ask for this information so that we may contact you about planned giving opportunities.
Event Registration – If you donate in honor or memory of a loved one, we require that you provide all the same personal and credit card information that we request in the donation form. This information is necessary to process your event registration and to contact you if we encounter any problems.
Volunteer Application – If you’re interested in becoming a volunteer, we request the following personal information in our volunteer application: your name, address, home, work and cell phone numbers, date of birth, driver’s license number and the name and phone number of an emergency contact, as well as your emergency contact’s home, work and cell phone numbers. We request this information so that we may contact you via phone or email regarding volunteer opportunities. We ask for your driver’s license number so that we can verify whether your license is valid (a requirement for becoming a volunteer). And we ask for the name and phone number of an emergency contact so that we can contact this individual in case any emergency occurs during your volunteer work with St. Vincent.
See a Miracle – If you would like to tour our facility and see our miracles in action, you can fill out our “See a Miracle” request form by providing the following personal information: your first and last name, phone number and email address. We require this information to contact you via phone or email concerning your request.
We store all the information in the above forms for marketing and fundraising purposes. However, we will only send information to you if you elect to receive more information from us by selecting this option on each of the above forms.
Mailing List
If you wish to subscribe to our mailing list, we ask for your full name and e-mail address. We use this information to email you St. Vincent news and announcements.
Tell-a-Friend
If you elect to use our referral service to send one of our Web pages to a friend, we ask for your name and e-mail address as well as your friend’s name and email address.We request your name and e-mail address, so your friends can see and trust the source of the e-mail. We request your friend’s (the recipient’s) name and email address, so that we can send a personalized email to the recipient. St. Vincent stores the names and e-mail addresses entered in our referral service forms to track the success of our referral program and for list-management purposes.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We examine log files to analyze trends, track and evaluate traffic to our Web site and to gather broad demographic information about our Web site users. Overall, log files help us evaluate, modify, and improve our online marketing strategies. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information about our users. We use DeepMetrix, a Web traffic reporting utility to track and analyze our Web site traffic.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site, but expires when you close you browser.
2. Communications from the Site
Mailing List
If you subscribe to our mailing list, we’ll send you St. Vincent news and announcements. Subscribing to our mailing list is, of course, optional, and we provide a way to terminate subscription to our mailing list. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections for more information.
Tell-A-Friend
Upon submitting a tell-a-friend form, St. Vincent will automatically send a one-time e-mail inviting the requestor’s friend to visit a specific Web page on stvincentmow.org.
Customer Service
If you donate, join a giving club or register for an event, you will receive a purchase receipt via email.
3. Information Disclosure
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to subscribe to our mailing list, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by unsubscribing to our mailing list. Directions for unsubscribing to the mailing list are included in the communications that mailing list subscribers receive from St. Vincent.
Links
Stvincentmow.org contains links to other sites. St. Vincent is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by stvincentmow.org.
Security
Online donations to St. Vincent Meals on Wheels are processed over a secure connection between your computer and the server. Credit card information is encrypted when submitted to the processor. We take information security seriously and use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your personal information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and as such, you use our Platforms and provide us with your information at your own risk.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post our changes to our privacy statement and Web site. We will also send an announcement to all our mailing list subscribers and donors to ensure that they know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, we disclose it.
Donor Privacy
St. Vincent Meals on Wheels does not sell our donor list.We do at times exchange our list of supporters with other carefully selected, like-minded nonprofits in order to reduce costs. if you prefer that we do not exchange your name, please e-mail donorsupport@stvincentmow.org.
Contact Us
If users have any questions or suggestions concerning this privacy policy, please send us an email at contactus@stvincentmow.org.
PRIVACY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
stvincentmow.digital@gmail.com