https://suealtmeyer.typepad.com/cleveland_law_library_web/privacy_public_records/
Cleveland Law Library Weblog
Get
Email Delivery of This Blog's Posts
Get Email Delivery of This Blog's Posts
Enter your Email
Preview | Powered by FeedBlitz
To Subscribe to this Blog:
Enter the following URL into your RSS reader:
http://suealtmeyer.typepad.com/
cleveland_law_library_web/index.rdf
Categories
Administrative Law
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust Law
Appellate Procedure
Attorney Fees
Attorney General
Attorney-Client Relationships
Auditor of State
Banking
Bankruptcy
Bar Associations
Books
Business Organizations
Business Regulation
Children
City of Cleveland
Civil Procedure
Civil Rights
CLE
Constitutional Law
Consumer Law
Contract law
Court Dockets
Court of Claims
Criminal Law
Criminal Procedure
Current Affairs
Cuyahoga Common Pleas
Cuyahoga County
Discovery
Domestic Relations
E-Filing
Education
Eighth District Court of Appeals
Elder Law
Election Law
Eminent Domain
Employment Law
Entertainment
Environmental Law
Ethics
Ethics & Professionalism
Evidence
Family Law
Federal Court
Federal Legislation
Forms
Fraud
Government Contracts
Government Funding
Health Care
Homeland Security
Immigration
Insurance
Intellectual Property
International Law
Judges
Jury Service
Juvenile Court
Juvenile Delinquency
Labor Law
Landlord and Tenant
Law Firms
Law School
Legal History
Legal Profession
Legal Research
Legislative History
Libraries
Liquor Laws
Malpractice
Mayor's Courts
Municipal Courts
Municipal Law
Notary Law
Ohio Legislature
Ohio Supreme Court
Paralegals
Patent Law
Personal Injury
Privacy & Public Records
Pro Bono Service
Probate
Real Property
Rule Changes
School Law
Secretary of State
Securities Law
Self-Represented Litigants
Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals
Social Media
Social Security
Statute of limitations
Tax
Torts
Traffic Law
Trial
U.S. Supreme Court
Veterans
Web/Tech
Weblogs
Women in the Law
Workers Compensation
See More
Archives
November 2020
October 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
September 2019
Blog powered by Typepad
Privacy & Public Records
September 27, 2018
LexisNexis White Paper on "Protecting Reputation in an Online World" Offers 10 Great Tips
LexisNexis has just published a white paper on "Protecting Reputation in an Online World." After offering the premise that the Internet has dramatically exposed everyone to cyber-attacks such as "defamation, invasions of privacy, bullying and even revenge porn," the paper offers 10 strategic ways to combat these problems. A good read. Download the link for this article here.
September 27, 2018 in Privacy & Public Records, Social Media, Torts, Web/Tech
| Permalink
December 26, 2014
New "Archives Division" Office Open in Cuyahoga County Courthouse Basement for Searching Court Files
A new public records room (Room No. 37) is now open in the basement of the Cuyahoga County Courthouse for searching court files. According to a press release from the Clerk of Courts, the remodeled space "includes public terminals to search the online docket and a copy machine and scanner for customer use. The renovated space will allow for greater usability by the public, improved customer service, and includes ADA accessible public terminals and work space." The docket includes civil, criminal, appellate and foreclosure cases.
This new space was part of a reorganization in which more than 11,000 boxes of archived files were removed from the Courthouse hallways for later conversion to digital files or microfilm. Other changes to the Courthouse include: a new Domestic Relations Division Office in Room No. 35; a new Notary Division in Room No. 34; removal of the civil Microfilm office to the 1st floor of the Justice Center.
Even more moves are planned because the Certified Copy and Microfilm Departments in the Criminal Division are going to be moving to newly renovated space on the first floor of the Justice Center very soon.
December 26, 2014 in Cuyahoga Common Pleas, Domestic Relations, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
June 18, 2014
Ohio AG and Ohio State Bar Foundation Issue 8 Informational Videos on Ohio's Sunshine Laws
According to an Ohio Attorney General News Release, the Ohio AG and the Ohio State Bar Foundation have released 8 informational videos on Ohio's Sunshine Laws (i.e., Open Meetings and Open Records laws). These videos supplement the AG's Sunshine Laws Manual, can be viewed on the Internet, and cover the following topics:
What is a “public office” and what is a “public record” under the Public Records Act?
How do you make a public records request?
How is the Confidential Law Enforcement Investigatory Records (CLEIRs) exemption applied?
Who is a “public body” subject to the Open Meetings Act?
When can a public body enter into executive session for the purpose of consulting with its legal counsel?
When can a public body enter into executive session for the purpose of discussing personnel matters?
What remedies exist under Ohio’s Sunshine Laws?
How can the Ohio Attorney General’s Public Records Mediation Program help resolve disputes about Ohio’s Sunshine Laws?
June 18, 2014 in Attorney General, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
May 07, 2012
Ohio Auditor of State Fraud Reporting System is Now Live
The brand new Ohio Auditor of State Fraud Reporting System went live on Friday, May 4, 2012. This system will allow any Ohio citizen to anonymously report fraud complaints against public offices. Complaints can be called in to the hotline at 1-866 -FRAUD OH (1-866-372-8364) or mailed to the following address:
Ohio Auditor of State’s OfficeSpecial Investigations Unit88 East Broad StreetP.O. Box 1140Columbus, OH 43215The Auditor will keep track of all reports in a public database that will be updated weekly with information on the nature of each complaint, the entity involved and the status of the state's investigation. Click here for more information about the new system.
May 07, 2012 in Auditor of State, Fraud, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
February 02, 2012
New State Public Notice Site to Be Launched in Early February
The state will soon have a new web gateway for judges, courts and clerks to post required public notices. When it goes live:
"This site will provide search capabilities for public notices, including public hearings, public meetings, legal and court notices, public sales and auctions, procurements, and many public and legal notices. Here you will be able to search public and legal notices of state and local government entities in the State of Ohio for up to 60 days.
In addition to keyword searching, you will be able to filter your results by county, notice type, and government entity type. You will be able to find those notices that affect you, your family, your community, and your business quickly and easily."
February 02, 2012 in Ohio Supreme Court, Privacy & Public Records, Web/Tech
| Permalink
March 18, 2011
Ohio Attorney General Issues New Online Sunshine Laws Manual aka Yellow Book
The Ohio Attorney General's office has updated its very useful online Sunshine Laws Manual, which is also known as the Yellow Book. Despite its name, the Yellow Book covers both open meetings and public records laws in Ohio. Sunshine law training is apparently provided by the AG's office on a regular basis at various locations throughout the state of Ohio. Click here to read the AG's Press Release, which indicates that the release of the revised manual coincides with Sunshine Week, which is coincidentally being celebrated this week.
March 18, 2011 in Attorney General, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
November 18, 2010
New Security Rules in Effect at Cuyahoga County Courthouse
Effective yesterday, November 17, 2010, the Cuyahoga County Sheriff's office instituted new security rules for entry into the Courthouse. County employees will now be subject to random requirements to pass through the security scanners at all Courthouse doors. Yesterday, deputies enforced the new rule by applying it to all emplyees, but today, it was more random. The good news is that every employee I talked to about the new policy felt that it was a good idea despite the small inconvenience. We have all wondered from time to time what employees sneak into the building when they do not have to pass through the scanners.
November 18, 2010 in Cuyahoga County, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
October 19, 2010
Social Media for Lawyers: The Next Frontier--New Book in at Law Library
The 2010 ABA book entitled Social Media for Lawyers: The Next Frontier has just reached our Law Library. The table of contents covers everything from posting information on personal and professional sites, like Linked In and Facebook, to the ethics of friending clients. If patrons were not so hungry to read this book, I would have taken it home tonight. Members can get on the list to borrow this book by calling the Law Library at 216-861-5070 or by emailing us at lawlib@clelaw.lib.oh.us.
October 19, 2010 in Books, Legal Profession, Privacy & Public Records, Web/Tech
| Permalink
October 13, 2010
Legal Aid and CMBA Hosting Expungement Clinic on October 27, 2010 as Part of National Prop Bono Week
The Legal Aid Society of Cleveland and the Cleveland Metropolitan Bar Association are hosting an Expungement Clinic at The Legal Aid offices from 3:30 - 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 27, 2010. Information and assistance in completing expungement paperwork is by appointment only by calling 216-687-1900. The Clinic will be staffed by volunteer attorneys, including members of the CMBA Litigation and Young Lawyers Sections.
October 13, 2010 in Criminal Law, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
July 02, 2010
Ohio Supreme Court and AG Team Up to Help Law Enforcement
The Ohio Supreme Court and the Ohio Attorney General's office have just announced a new cooperative initiative to help law enforcement officials throughout the state. According to the Court's press release, officers and deputies will be able to search a combined database of case information from the Ohio Court's Network and data from the Ohio Law Enforcement Gateway operated by BCI.
July 02, 2010 in Attorney General, Court Dockets, Criminal Law, Privacy & Public Records
| Permalink
»