https://sugarrae.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerThis is the web site of Sugarrae, Inc..
We can be reached via e-mail at rae@sugarrae.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to implement and track advertising initiatives.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Our contact forms gather the IP address of the user that is submitting it. This information is not used or sold in any fashion and is collected solely to ensure the validity of the sender and protect against spam.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
www.google.com/adsense
www.google.com/analytics
www.facebook.com/policy.php
www.cj.com
www.shareasale.com
www.pepperjamnetwork.com
www.clickbank.com
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries). Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Please note that emails submitted from site visitors are deleted from our server after a maximum of 90 days. We will never sell your email address, but may use it to target you in advertisements using remarketing services at some point in the future. If you would like to be removed from any remarketing related activities, please email us at the email address above.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: Our entire site is hosted using SSL (secure or https) technology.
Use of EziGDPR services
We use the encrypted third-party cookie _ezigdpr_fa0218f27e9f115b on the domain fast.ezigdpr.com to store information about your citizenship status.
Data stored includes: a unique anonymous identifier; your citizenship status (yes/no) and the date you made the selection.
For non European Union vistors (i.e. “No” selection), we also store the IP address used to make selection, which allows for a more complete audit trail.
This data, as well as a log of changes to the data, is stored in the EziGDPR database. For more information, visit www.ezigdpr.com.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
FooterWhere to Find Me
FacebookInstagramLinkedInTwitterYouTube