http://sup.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1. Privacy Statement
The Southern Uplands Partnership (SUP) is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number ZA346899. The Southern Uplands Partnership is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of personal data. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed.
2.Legal Responsibilities
The Partnership Manager has responsibility for ensuring that the Policy is adhered to but all staff are responsible for implementing and monitoring the Policy in their area of activity. Every employee must adhere to the Policy and cooperate with colleagues to achieve high standards of legal compliance and best practice.
3.Information we may collect about you
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website or subscribing to our mailing list. This may include your name, address, email address, telephone number.
Financial information to support the processing of payment information for membership fees and whether donations qualify for Gift Aid.•Information regarding your interests or demographics (such as age or gender) for statistical purposes only.
Website usage information through the collection of cookies.This allows us to track how many individual unique users we have, how often they visit the siteand which pages they visit. This information is used to compile statistical reports on website activity only andno personal information is stored on the site cookies.
We use online services for the management of our email promotion (for managing our e-newsletters and similar communications) and for event booking and ticketing. The providers of these services are currently MailChimp and Eventbrite. The provider of these services acts as a processor of data on behalf of SUP. These services allow SUP to host email list sign-up forms, manage mailing lists, provide our contacts with easy to use tools for updating their mailing preferences, and provide booking and ticket purchase or reservation facilities for our events.
If you choose to receive our email newsletters, your response to emails you receive from us may be logged, allowing us to determine, for example, if an email is opened and links within the email have been visited. This information may be used to help assess the effectiveness of such emails so that we can improve them.
If you attend a SUP event, or an event run as part of a SUP project, we will log your registration and attendance details for the purpose of event management. Any attendance information retained for statistical purposes will be anonymised.
4.Use of the Information
When you interact with SUP, and have not advised us to the contrary, you are agreeing that we may use your personal information for the purposes set out in this Statement.
SUP will only process your personal data where it has a lawful basis for doing so (as specified under Article 6 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)). In most cases, the lawful basis is that processing such data is necessary for the legitimate interests of SUP and it will not be retained for any longer than is necessary.
SUP will never share your personal data with any other organisation without your express consent.
Where data is required to be shared with a funder, as a condition of grant or supporting evidence of delivery of an activity or project, limited personal information will be provided (usually name and postcode) and data will be anonymised as far as possible. Where photographs are taken for publicity purposes or supporting evidence, you will be advised in advance and your consent requested.
5.Storing your Information
SUP is committed to ensuring that your information is stored safely and securely. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, suitable procedures have been put in place to safeguard the information we collect. For example, all of our computers and portable devices are password protected.
Our operation is based in the UK and therefore we store the bulk of our data within the European Union. Some organisations that provide services to us are not UK based (e.g. Mailchimp) and may transfer personal data outside of the EU. We will only allow them to do this where those organisations assure us that they comply with a regulatory environment that is compatible with GDPR.
We will only store your personal information for as long as it is required for the purpose(s) that it was collected for. How long information will be stored depends on the nature of the information collected and what it is being used for. We will undertake regular reviews of any personal information that we hold and will delete personal information that is no longer required to be held (whilst maintaining a record of any preferences expressed by you not to be contacted).
6.Keeping in Touch
SUP would like to send its contacts information about its work, or the work of its projects,and relevant local news and activities. You will only receive this information if you have consented to join our mailing list. You have the right to opt out at any time and can unsubscribe from email communications or update your preferences using the links contained in each message or by contacting us directly by email, post or telephone.
For changing your preferences or contacting us with any questions on our Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you,SUP’s contact details are:
The Southern Uplands Partnership, Studio 2, Lindean Mill, Galashiels, TD1 3PE
Telephone 01750 725154
Email piptabor@sup.org.uk
Search for:
Categories
December 2017
Events
Jobs Filled
News
Newsletters
Reports
Recent Updates
AGM Notice – 2020
Annual Report 2019 / 2020
River Culture Animateur – Job Opportunity [Closed]
River Tweed Cultural Curator – Job Opportunity [Closed]
Newsletter Easter 2020
Newsletters
Sign Up for our NewslettersAmazonSmileSupport SUP while you shop