https://swedenborg.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footerWho We AreThe Swedenborg Foundation is an independent, educational, US-based 501(c)3 nonprofit that serves to publish, preserve, and promote the life-guiding principles of eighteenth-century spiritual world explorer Emanuel Swedenborg. We produce faith and spirituality-based content across a variety of media, both online and in print. Our website address is: https://swedenborg.com. Our physical address is 320 North Church Street, West Chester, PA 19380.What Personal Data We Collect, Why We Collect It, and Who We Share It WithOur main source of personal data is information that you provide to us. This includes contact information like name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, and other responses on forms throughout our site. We may use this information to contact you in response to queries if you have asked us a question, or to send marketing e-mails or newsletters if you have opted into our e-mail list. If you have opted to receive our e-mail newsletters and marketing communications, we will use your e-mail address and any other information you give to us to provide you with that information until you ask us to stop (using the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in each e-mail communication). These e-mails are sent through Constant Contact, and information on how they store and use data is here.If you have not opted into our e-mail or postal mailing lists, we may still retain any messages you send us, along with any information in them, in an archive for future reference.If you become a member or make a donation, we will retain your contact information and donation history in our password-protected database hosted by Blackbaud. Please consult Blackbaud’s site for an overview of their security measures and their policy on confidentiality. We will only use this information for communication related to your interactions with us unless you have opted in to our mailing list. Billing or payment information is processed by either PayPal or Stripe, depending on the method that you choose. We do not retain billing information in our files. If you order a book through our site, your order and payment information will be processed by our fulfillment house, the Chicago Distribution Center, owned by the University of Chicago Press. Please see the University of Chicago Press’s privacy policy for information on how they use and store customer data. We do not share or sell our mailing lists with other organizations. Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to track visitor activity on our site through the use of cookies. Please refer to Google Analytics’ privacy policy for more information about what they collect and how they use that data. We use this information to determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity; we do not transfer the information to third-party vendors. By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of information about your activity on this site by Google; please also see their documentation for ways to opt out of this collection.Embedded content from YouTubeArticles on this site may include embedded videos from YouTube. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.YouTube may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Please consult YouTube’s privacy policy for more about how they might collect and use your information.ProtectWe use an application called Protect in order to check login activity and potentially block fraudulent attempts to access the structure of our site. If a person attempts to log in to our site’s administration area, the following information is used: attempting user’s IP address, attempting user’s email address/username (i.e. according to the value they were attempting to use during the login process), and all IP-related HTTP headers attached to the attempting user.The app tracks failed login attempts (these include IP address and user agent). We also set a cookie (jpp_math_pass) for one day to remember if/when a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human.Children under the Age of 13Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit information to this website. Dispute ResolutionIf you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this privacy policy, please contact us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Future Changes to this PolicyThis privacy policy may be revised over time. If you have ongoing concerns about privacy, we encourage you to bookmark this page and return to it as needed. FooterOur MissionThe mission of the Swedenborg Foundation is to foster an affirmative, informed, and increasingly broad engagement with the theological message disclosed by Emanuel Swedenborg.Connect with UsfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutubemailContact Us
Swedenborg Foundation
320 North Church Street
West Chester, PA 19380
Phone: 610-430-3222
Fax: 610-430-7982
info@swedenborg.com
Top
X
Holiday Book Sale - 20% off your order + FREE shipping with code SFHOLIDAY20 at checkout. Expires 12/31
Shop Now