https://swervestudio.com/swerve-studio-privacy/
(323)-782-0741
info@swervestudio.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
yelp
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
yelp
Schedule Classes Online
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our list, purchase a service, respond to a survey or fill out an online form. When contacting us or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, and phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: a) To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) b) To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) c) To send periodic emails (the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.)
How do we protect your information?
We encrypt sensitive information such as passwords to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information.
Memberships
If you purchase a membership through our website, you will be required to provide certain information, including your name, address, birth date, gender, email address, and an emergency contact. You will also be required to provide similar information for other members on your membership. You will be required to provide financial account information. We use this information to establish and manage your membership. We will send you an email confirming your membership.
Surveys, Giveaways, and Contests
We may provide you the opportunity to voluntarily participate in surveys, giveaways or contests on our Sites. If you choose to participate, we may request certain Personal Information from you, including your name, gender, age, email address, membership status or other information. We will use the information to notify winners as applicable.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We  have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Therefore, we will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Security Measures
When you create an account or send information to us online, we enable you to choose a username, password and security question answer in order to help protect access to the account. You are responsible for maintaining the security and integrity of your username, password, and security question answers. We encrypt sensitive Personal Information, such as your financial account information and Personal Health Information, using secure socket layer technology (SSL) for data transmissions and industry standard encryption methods for data at rest. While we use commercially reasonable security measures, no method of internet transmission or electronic storage of Personal Information is 100% secure, therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may Contact Us online or via mail using the address below.
SWERVE Studio
8250 West 3rd Street
Los Angeles, CA 90048
United StatesTelephone:
(323) 782-0741
Contact Us
SWERVE offers personality and belonging.
You belong here.
BOOK A CLASS
Curious to find out more?
Ask us anything you want!
CONTACT US
Our Location
Want the know the latest & greatest from SWERVE?
About SWERVE
Media + Blog
Contact Us
FAQ & Policies
Site Map
Terms
Privacy
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
yelp
Copyright SWETI, LLC. All rights Reserved. Site designed by SWETI