https://tabi.org.uk/about-us/privacy-policy/
HOME
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
TABI
Tarot Association of the British Isles
Alt Sidebar
Random Article
Search
Blog
Calendar
Forum
Free Reading
Free Readers—Login
Professional Readers
Blog
Calendar
Forum
Free Reading
Free Readers—Login
Professional Readers
Categories
Astrology in Tarot (9)
Card Meanings (58)
Cups (17)
Major Arcana (4)
Pentacles (15)
Swords (11)
Wands (4)
Cartomancy (6)
Creative Spreads (25)
Crystals (2)
Druidry in Tarot (2)
Hot off the Press (12)
Interview with My Deck (16)
Interviews (20)
Lady Amy Stories (15)
Life Lessons (2)
Lighthearted Lookaheads (4)
Magical Living (4)
Mickey Querant (8)
Numerology (3)
Querent Tips (2)
Quirky Questions (3)
Reviews (87)
Book Reviews (19)
Lenormand Reviews (11)
Magazine Reviews (1)
Oracle Cards (3)
Tarot Reviews (56)
Sabbat Celebrations (1)
Sacred Circle (53)
Shout Out (27)
TABI (4)
TABI Conferences (37)
Tarot Beginnings (8)
Tarot Tales (28)
Tarot Tips (7)
Tarot Tutorial (13)
Tattoo Tarot (6)
Uncategorized (33)
Video Game Tarot (6)
Join TABI!
We offer many benefits including free online beginners training, the opportunity to become a TABI Endorsed Reader, info on local meetups, a great forum for Tarot discussion, and an annual conference. For further information visit our Membership page
Get Our Monthly Blog Update You can sign up here!
Try Out a Free Reading One of our free readers would love to help you. Please go here to submit a question for a free email reading.
Get a Professional Reading Contact one of our members for a professional tarot reading.
TABI Conference The TABI 2020 Online Conference was a great success and enjoyed by all! Go to the TABI conference main page for details of our amazing speakers and their topics.
Our Supporters
Melissa Cynova
Cilla Conway
Andrea Aste
Sasha Graham
Benebell Wen
Maria Macontre
Steve Gammon
Let’s Get Social!FacebookInstagramTumblrTwitterMeta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Overview
The Tarot Association of the British Isles (TABI) is committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect through this website at tabi.org.uk (the “Site”), how we collect and use that information, and what your rights are concerning that information.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to TABI. The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to site visitors, customers, and any other users of the site.
The term “personal information” is defined as information that you voluntarily provide to us that personally identifies you and/or your contact information, such as your name, phone number, and email address.
The Tarot Association of the British Isles (TABI) is a general nonprofit organisation formed under United Kingdom law. TABI is dedicated to the study of Tarot and to empowering individuals in their own lives using the archetypal symbolism and intuitive wisdom that the Tarot inspires; the Site includes a blog, members-only forum, email newsletter, training course, professional reader list, and free Tarot reading service (provided by member volunteers) via email (“the Services”).
Use of TABI’s Services, including all materials presented herein and all online services provided by TABI, is subject to the following Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all site visitors, customers, and all other users of the site. By using the Site or Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.
Reading Information
Information you transmit to us at TABI is ultimately at your own risk, although we will to take all reasonable steps to secure your personal data and keep it confidential. If we need to consult with another reader about the content of a Free Reading, no identifying information about you will be revealed. We will also not share your information with anyone unless required by law or specifically requested by you. All names, email addresses, dates of birth and any additional information provided for a Free Reading are never retained long-term after your reading is completed. We will confirm that all readings are deleted 180 days after they are completed, and only retained for this period in case you lose or fail to receive the reading or to track any abuses of the system by querents. See the next section for how we use information you provide when signing up for newsletters or courses; information may be treated differently in that case.
Other Orders and Website Interaction
This Site only collects the personal information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include:
Membership Registration and Product Orders (but see the Reading Information section for the handling of information provided only for that service). We collect a variety of personal information with each registration or product order. This information may include: your name, address, email address, and phone number. This information is shared with our e-commerce software providers to ensure the delivery of your order or the successful completion of your membership registration. We use your email to communicate with you about your registration or order and to manage our relationship with you.
When you join TABI as a member, the identifying information you provide is kept in a private database only to allow TABI to continue to communicate with you about your membership. After you leave TABI by not renewing your membership, the identifying information you provided is removed from our private database no later than one (1) year after you cancel your membership.
When you sign up for TABI’s email newsletter, you will be added to our mailing list from which you can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe link in each email or by contacting us at tracker@tabi.org.uk.
Your payment information. We collect payment information for each membership registration or product order. We do not store payment information on our servers since all online payments are handled through PayPal. Your payment information is securely communicated to and processed through PayPal. Please see PayPal’s Privacy Policy for information on how they handle your information. All personal information collected for a membership registration or product order is used only for the fulfillment of that order and to manage our customer relationship with you.
Interaction on the Website. We only collect the personal information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include:
Your full name, email, address, physical address and birthdate to register as a member;
Your email address in order to subscribe to our email newsletter;
Your name, email address, and website link in order to post a comment on our Site;
Your full name, email address, and message in order to contact us via our contact form.
The information you provide is used to process transactions, send periodic emails and improve the service we provide.
We do share your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website (our web host), conducting our business and servicing members and visitors. These trusted third parties agree to keep this information confidential. Your personal information will never be shared with unrelated third parties.
Activity
We may record information relating to your use of the Site, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information. We use this type of information to administer the Site and provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site.
Cookies
We may send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. The term “cookies” refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the Site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies using your web browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Site may not work properly or at all. Tabi.org.uk does not respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser.
Third Party Links
The Site may contain links to third party websites. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our Site. Other sites accessible through our site via links or otherwise have their own policies in regard to privacy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
Security
We maintain security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, misuse, or disclosure. However, no exchange of data over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. While we make every effort to protect your personal information shared with us through our Site, you acknowledge that the personal information you voluntarily share with us through this Site could be accessed or tampered with by a third party. You agree that we are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through our Site without our knowledge or permission. Additionally, you release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of such intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Children
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years old or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into this Privacy Policy. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using the Site.
Updating Your Information
You may access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us via email at webmaster@tabi.org.uk.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us at webmaster@tabi.org.uk.
You have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the EU Data Protection Act of 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation of 2018. We will provide a PDF of the information we hold on you within 30 days of your request for access.
You have the right to request that we delete all information we hold about you. This will be done within 30 days of your request. Bear in mind that deletion of membership information means that your membership in TABI will also be terminated.
Changes to this Policy
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. We will notify you of any changes to this privacy policy by posting those changes on this page, and where appropriate, notifying you by email.
Contact
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at webmaster@tabi.org.uk.
Created on: 17 March 2018
Updated on: 25 May 2018
Training Programme Develop your knowledge of Tarot in a friendly, supportive atmosphere. Check out the details at our Training page.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.