http://tapol.org/privacy-policy-notice-terms-use
Jump to Navigation
promoting human rights, peace and democracy in Indonesia
About Us
Our Work
Press Releases
Briefings
Reports
In the press
English
Bahasa Indonesia
Search form
Search
Privacy Policy Notice & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy Notice & Terms of Use
This is the privacy policy of TAPOL, a Private Limited Company by Guarantee registered in the UK number 03862688. TAPOL is the data controller and processor of your information under the conditions of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Contact information
Our registered office and postal address is:
TAPOL, Durham Road Resource Centre, 86 Durham Road, London N7 7DT, England.
We can be reached by phone at +44 20 7561 7485 or by email at communications@tapol.org
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.tapol.org . This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to any services or newsletters, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you register to attend an event sponsored by TAPOL and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses
We may collect aggregate information about your computer or device, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files on your device. They are made by your web browser when you visit a website. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website's server. They improve your experience of using a website, for example, by remembering your preference settings and by measuring your use of a website to ensure that it meets your needs.
You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu. For a video about cookies visit http://www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies
Cookies we use:
Drupal CMS: This site is built on Drupal, open-source content management system. Drupal uses cookies to track whether a user's browser supports java script, for example, as well a other website system-related features.
Google Analytics. This cookie allows us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. For further information, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the TAPOL website.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or with one of our partners. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services to partner organisations. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To provide you with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
To notify you about changes to our service;
In relation to any correspondence you have entered into with us whether by letter, email, text, social media, message board or any other means;
For "service administration purposes", which means that TAPOL may contact you for reasons related to donations you have made such as your tax status, the completion of contracts or other transactions you have entered into with TAPOL or the activity or online content you have signed up for;
For internal record keeping;
To fulfil contracts you have entered into with TAPOL;
To contact you about any content you provide;
To invite you to participate in surveys or research about TAPOL or our work (participation is always voluntary);
For marketing purposes where you have specifically consented to receive marketing communications from us (see below);
To provide you with information about our activities or online content you have agreed to receive;
To personalise the way TAPOL content is presented to you;
To use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries;
To analyse and improve the activities and content offered by TAPOL website to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
If you are an existing contact, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information similar to those which were the subject of a previous subscription or opt-in by you. If you are a new contact, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing materials we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Legacy income is vital to the running of the charity. We may keep data you provide to us indefinitely, to carry out legacy administration and communicate effectively with the families of people leaving us legacies. This also enables us to identify and analyse the sources of legacy income we receive.
Where you contribute material to us, e.g. user generated content or in response to a particular campaign we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted unless otherwise stated at the point of generation.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of TAPOL, our staff, partners or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.
You can exercise your right at any time by contacting us at the above addresses.
You may also opt out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any marketing email from TAPOL.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, donors and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Website Policies and Terms of Use
Terms of website use
This page (together with any documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.tapol.org. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Reliance on information posted
Information and materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to legal advice on which reliance should be placed.  We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The material displayed on our site does not constitute legal advice.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, hereby expressly exclude:
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time;
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to communications@tapol.org.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contactcommunications@tapol.org
Thank you for visiting TAPOL’s website!
Language
Undefined
Contact
TAPOL
Durham Resource Centre
86 Durham Road
London, N7 7DT
Tel:  +44 (0)20 7561 7485
Email: info@tapol.org
TAPOL updates
Stay up to date
Mailing ListsHuman rights in Indonesia
Aceh
West Papua
East Timor
More
Privacy Policy
ResourcesElection Updates
Publications
Bulletin
External Resources
Get InvolvedDonate
Work with TAPOL