http://tarotschool.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions, i.e. class, teleclass, course and event registrations, orders of physical and digital products, and newsletter subscriptions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email sent through our website or Aweber. You can easily opt out of receiving any of our emails sent privately by responding to any email or emailing us directly. Just ask to be removed from our list.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. But you can rest assured that we honor your privacy no matter how we collect your personal information.
For EU Residents: Your Legal Rights Under EU data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Of course, we grant all of these requests for anyone in our community, including our US residents.
Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.tarotschool.com/terms.html
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 5/25/18
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. The Tarot SchoolP.O. Box 751214Forest Hills, NY 11375USAtarot@tarotschool.com800-804-2184
Top