https://tcne.org/privacy-notice-for-tcne-inc-web-sites/
Skip to content
This Privacy Notice explains how TCNE and First Event, a yearly conference that TCNE sponsors, processes information about the visits to our web sites, including TCNE.org and Firstevent.org.
Which Web Sites Are We Talking About and What This Privacy Notice Covers
Let’s talk first about who we are at TCNE, what we do, and what this Privacy Notice covers.
TCNE and its yearly conference, First Event, are staffed by a team of non-paid volunteers. We are a support organization for transgender people. Our mission is to connect transgender, bi-gendered, and gender non-conforming people with the path they need to be on. © 2018 Tiffany Club of New England
d.b.a. Trans Club of New England is a registered non-profit 501(c)(3) charity.
Read more about us here:
About TCNETCNE Web Site About First EventFirst Event Web Site
To keep things simple, in this Privacy Notice we’ll refer to visitors of our websites as “visitors”. Visitors to our web sites can read published content and interact with the Sites through features such as comments, “likes,” poll/survey responses, payments, signing up for email notices.
We put together this Privacy Notice to help our Visitors understand the
information we collect about their visits, how we collect data, and how information is used.
Information We Collect About Visitors and What We Do With That Information
We collect information about visitors in a two ways: we collect certain information that the visitors provide
to the Site, we collect some information automatically.
Information a Visitor Provides to a Site
We’ll start with information that visitors provide directly to tcne.org or firstevent.org, which primarily happens when visitors type into a text field on one of our web sites, like a comment field, sign-up form or payment button.
Here are the most common ways in which a visitor directly provides information to a Site:
Follower and Subscriber Information: When a visitor
signs up to follow or subscribe to tcne.org or firstevent.org, we collect some sign-up information which typically includes an email address.Site Comments: When a visitor leaves a comment on tcne.org or firstevent.org, we collect that comment, and other information that the visitor
provides along with the comment, such as the visitor’s name and email
address.Survey Responses: When a visitor
completes a poll, quiz, or other type of survey on
tcne.org or firstevent.org we collect the visitor’s responses to those surveys,
and other information that the survey owner requires for a
poll/quiz/survey response, like an e-mail address.Order and Shipment Information: If a visitor orders
something from
tcne.org or firstevent.org using a payment button, registration button, menu option, or other way to choose a product or feature from
tcne.org or firstevent.org, we may collect information to process that order, such as
credit card and billing information, and an address for shipping a package (if applicable ) along with the recipient’s information and calculating applicable taxes. We may
also use this information for other purposes, such as to send marketing and other communications and to collect analytics information
about our eCommerce activities on tcne.org and firstevent.org (e.g., the number of members from particular geographic areas, the number of certain meals purchased at FirstEvent, etc.).Other Information Entered on the Site: We may also
collect other information that a visitor enters on tcne.org and firstevent.org such as a
contact form submission, a search query, or Site registration.
Information We Automatically Collect from the Site
We also automatically collect some information about visitors tcne.org or firstevent.org. We’ve listed examples below:
Technical Data from a Visitor’s Computer and Etcetera:
We collect the following information for both tcne.org or firstevent.org from web browsers used, mobile devices, and
server types. Information can be IP address, browser type, unique device identifiers, language
preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating
system, and mobile network information.Visitor Interactions: From both
tcne.org or firstevent.org we collect information about a visitor’s interactions with tcne.org or firstevent.org, including any “likes” or “ratings”.Location Information: For both tcne.org or firstevent.org we may determine the
approximate location of a visitor’s device from the IP address. We
collect and use this information to, for example, tally how many people visit tcne.org or firstevent.org from certain geographic regions. Commenter Information: We collect
information about visitors on both
tcne.org or firstevent.org who comment on articles or other posts. The information we collect typically includes the commenter’s IP
address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other
information directly provided by the commenter such as their name,
username, email address…oh, and the comment itself, of course).Survey Response Information: We collect on both tcne.org or firstevent.org information about visitors who respond to a survey. The
information that we collect typically includes IP address, browser type, operating system, user agent, and the web page last visited.Information from Cookies and Other Technologies: Both
tcne.org or firstevent.org use cookies, though we use only a few. A
cookie is a string of information that a Site stores on a visitor’s
computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the Site each time
the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small
blocks of code placed on tcne.org or firstevent.org .
tcne.org or firstevent.org uses cookies and other
technologies like pixel tags to help identify and track visitors and
Site usage, and to deliver targeted ads when ads are enabled.
How We Use Visitor Information
TCNE.org and Firstevent.org use information about visitors in order to provide services and information to them. For example, if a user opts-in to follows the tcne.org web site, we’ll email them an alert that tells them when an update of information has been added to our site.
When a user registers for First Event, and makes a food choice, we’ll use that information in aggregate with others to instruct a hotel or meal provider to cook a certain number of meals.
How We Share Visitor Information
At TCNE and First Event we are committed to our users privacy and the privacy of their information. There are limited times when tcne.org or firstevent.org may share information collected about visitors in an aggregate way in very limited circumstances spelled out below:
For TCNE and First Event Use:
tcne.org or firstevent.org may disclose aggregate web site visitor information to individuals who are tcne.org or firstevent.org volunteers that need
to know the information in order to help us provide our services to our
visitors. We
require them to follow this Privacy Notice for information about visitors that we share
with them.Third Party Vendors: We may share tcne.org or firstevent.org aggregate web site visitor
information with third party vendors who need to know this information in order to provide their services to us. This group includes vendors
that help us provide our services (such as a hotel making a large number of meals, we need to tell them how many of each). We
require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share
information with them.Legal Requests: We may disclose web site visitor
information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other
governmental request. To Protect Rights, Property, and Others: We may
disclose Site visitor information when we believe in good faith that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of TCNE and First Event, our visitors, third parties, or the public at large. For
example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger
of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information
related to the emergency without delay.Information Shared Publicly: Information that
visitors choose to make public on tcne.org or firstevent.org is – you guessed it – disclosed publicly.
That means, of course, that information like visitor comments and
“likes” are all available to others, including information about the
visitor that is displayed in connection with a comment or “like” (such
as a visitor’s WordPress.com username and Gravatar). Public
information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third
parties or show in other ways such as ATOM or RSS feeds.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Search
Search for:
TCNE/First Event Page on Facebook
TCNE/First Event Page on Facebook
Location
© 2019 Tiffany Club of New England d.b.a. Trans Club of New England | 30 Guinan St, Waltham, MA 02454
Phone
(781) 891-9325
E-mail
info@tcne.org
Hours
Club Open: Tuesdays 7PM-10PM, Saturdays 7PM-11PM
%d bloggers like this:
search
previous
next
tag
category
expand
menu
location
phone
mail
time
cart
zoom
edit
close