http://tcscalgary.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:Calgary Tutors ("Calgary Tutors") operates tcscalgary.com and may operate other websites. It is Calgary Tutors' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Calgary Tutors collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Calgary Tutors' purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Calgary Tutors' visitors use its website. From time to time, Calgary Tutors may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Calgary Tutors also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on tcscalgary.com blogs/sites. Calgary Tutors only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Calgary Tutors' websites choose to interact with Calgary Tutors in ways that require Calgary Tutors to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Calgary Tutors gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at tcscalgary.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Calgary Tutors are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Calgary Tutors collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Calgary Tutors. Calgary Tutors does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Calgary Tutors may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Calgary Tutors may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Calgary Tutors does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Calgary Tutors discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Calgary Tutors' behalf or to provide services available at Calgary Tutors' websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Calgary Tutors' websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Calgary Tutors will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Calgary Tutors discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Calgary Tutors believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Calgary Tutors, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Calgary Tutors website and have supplied your email address, Calgary Tutors may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Calgary Tutors and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Calgary Tutors takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Calgary Tutors uses cookies to help Calgary Tutors identify and track visitors, their usage of Calgary Tutors website, and their website access preferences. Calgary Tutors visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Calgary Tutors' websites, with the drawback that certain features of Calgary Tutors' websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Calgary Tutors, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Calgary Tutors goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Calgary Tutors may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Calgary Tutors and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Calgary Tutors may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Calgary Tutors' sole discretion. Calgary Tutors encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a tcscalgary.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Let’s Connect
http://tcscalgary.com/privacy-policy/">
Subscribe to My Newsletter
Get new posts by email
News From Calgary
Search for:
Recent Posts
What to look for in a Calgary Daycare school?
What Makes a Good Tutor
Online Tutor versus a Private Tutor
Tagsonline tutors
qualities of a tutor
tutoring
tutors
Archives
February 2019
April 2017
Categories
Hiring a Tutor
Uncategorized
See Some of Other Great Calgary Businesses
calgary Communities
New Home Builders
Events in Calgary
calgary security company
calgary Home Improvement
Local Professional Furnace repairs Calgary