https://teamexpansion.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Download this document as a PDF
At Team Expansion, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to communicate with you and help us improve our services.
When we receive a donation for the work of one of our teams, we might need to know your name, address, telephone number, email address and payment details. This allows us to process the gift and properly to send a thank-you note and a receipt. Your telephone number may be used to contact you if there is a question regarding your donation. On certain occasions your telephone number may be passed to a courier service to enable delivery. Details given for orders are used only for this purpose.
CREDIT CARD DETAILS AND OTHER SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Sensitive information and credit card details are sent through a secure server.
COOKIES
On occasions a cookie may be used for session management purposes, for instance to help track a shopping basket, and on occasions to record your chosen website preferences. No personal information will be recorded in this way. Note. A cookie is a small text file saved on your computer’s hard drive.
E-MAIL NEWSLETTERS
On sites with an e-mail newsletter facility your e-mail address will be saved to enable the sending out of the newsletter only. Newsletters may sometimes contain promotional material or advertisements either from third parties or regarding other services we offer. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from a newsletter you must do so through the automated procedures on the websites concerned. You may also e-mail the webmaster concerned but removal from a list in this way may take some time to arrange.
WEB SITE SUBSCRIPTION
On sites with a subscription service. Details may be collected to enable you to subscribe to a service we provide. Any information submitted in this way will be used only for the subscription you have taken out. This information is not used for sending newsletters or promotional material unless stated otherwise.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
We assume no responsibility for the information practices of sites a user is able to access through ours, and encourage visitors to check the privacy policy of every site they visit.
SECURITY
When personal information is saved by us we do everything that can be reasonably expected to be done to ensure that your data is kept safe. All 24-7 Prayer staff are made aware of the need to keep personal information safe and have agreed to ensure the confidentiality of this information. Only authorized personnel are granted access to any personal information.
THIRD PARTIES
We do not collect information for, or sell information to, any third parties.
AFFILIATES
The content on affiliated websites operated by third parties is not under our control. If you have any questions concerning these sites and the usage of them we suggest that you contact the webmaster of the site directly.
POLICY CHANGES
By using this web site you accept our privacy policy and are aware that changes may be made to this policy from time to time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
CHANGING INFORMATION
Each visitor has the right of access to all personal information submitted through a website by them. If any information changes after the date of submission it is the responsibility of the visitor to inform us of those changes. Visitors can have access to personal information by contacting us at privacy@teamexpansion.org
NOTICE ABOUT COPYRIGHT
Sharing stories is important as we journey together. That’s why Team Expansion reserves the right to use items posted on this website in other media, books, newsletters, etc.
There’s a lot of amazing material on this site that could encourage a lot of people. If you choose to post stuff (including prayers, stories, pictures, etc) on this web site, it is our condition that in so doing you are granting Team Expansion unlimited permission to use your material in other contexts too without consent so long as the aim of the publication is to encourage prayer and mission. For this reason you should not post other peoples’ work without their specific, written permission to do so, having made them aware of these conditions. It is a condition of adding an entry to this forum that you agree to this. Please do say if anything you submit is not your original work!
We would advise discretion in using your full / real name in these forums as we really do not want to cause anyone any embarrassment, etc. by wider distribution of what gets submitted. The above does not apply to the ‘help’ forum, where appropriate levels of confidentiality are assured.
Updated: January 2017
Upcoming Webinars
17Dec
Team Spotlight: West Africa
Thursday
EVENT DETAIL
No event found!
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Contact usTeam Expansion (Google Map)
4112 Old Routt Rd
Louisville, KY 40299
Phone:
800.447.0800 (toll-free)
502.719.0007
502.719.0008 (fax)
© 2020 Team Expansion. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Start Here
Individuals
College Ministry
Churches
Unreached People Group Statistics
Pray
Give
Go
Serve as a Volunteer
Short-Term Trips
Pathways: Summer and Fall Missions Internships
Quest Missions Apprenticeship
Full-time
Job Openings
Teaching Opportunities
Discipleship Training
Get Started
Send
About
What We Do
Our Story
We Believe
Programs
Where We Are
Third Culture Kids
Learn
Covid-19 Resources
Online Learning
Training
Church Resources
Church Coaching
Missionary Resources
Forwarding Agent Training
News/Events
Blog
Calendar
Events
Contact