https://technocrime.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Speaking
Meet Walt Manning
Speaking Topics
For Investigators
Blog
Free Content Library
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Statement pertains to all web sites that are owned or operated by the Techno-Crime Institute Ltd., including InvestigationsMD.com and Technocrime.com. Visitors recognize that we collect certain personal information based upon the use of our websites. All collection and use of your personal information will be conducted in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
A. Information Collected
Depending on the products and services you access on our websites, you may voluntarily provide personal information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, a username and password, credit card number and other information. We will also automatically collect anonymous tracking information about how you navigate our sites and your response to special offers in order to improve how we provide information and services to our visitors.
Our sites sometimes use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive by an Internet server when you visit a website. We only use cookies to authenticate access to subscriber-only areas. If you do not want to accept cookies from us, you can configure your browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, certain functions of the website may no longer operate as designed.
B. Consent
If you choose to provide your personal information through the use of our websites, you have consented to our collection and use of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
C. How We Use Your Personal Information
1. We will use your personal information to process your orders or applications for access to members-only areas of our web sites. If, at any time, you instruct us to delete any of your personal information that we have collected, we will immediately do so (other than information that must be maintained for legal or tax purposes).
(a) Orders. When you purchase a product or subscription from us, we will request certain information, including credit card information. We currently only process orders from customers who use Visa, MasterCard or American Express credit cards.
(b) Sharing Your Information. We may share your personal information (but never your credit card or password information) with our affiliates, who agree to keep your personal information confidential, and who have agreed to comply with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
(c) Mailing and Email Addresses. We will use your mailing and email addresses to send you the products or publications you have ordered. We may also need to contact you if we have questions about your product or service. If you send us an inquiry via email about a purchase or subscription, for security reasons we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity.
2. Only if you subscribe to our mailing list, we may send you information and special offers about our other products and services, or products/services offered by other companies that may be of interest to you. We will be selective regarding these offers, as we realize the value of your time. If, at any time, you no longer wish to receive these email messages, you can opt out by following the instructions at the bottom of each email message. We will not send any further notices or offers after we receive your opt out instructions.
You may also tell us to remove your mail and email information used for information and offers from us or other companies by contacting our office by phone at 904.297.8105, or by sending written correspondence to our office at 411 Walnut St., Suite 8111, Green Cove Springs, Florida 32043-3443.
3. We will not disclose your personal information to any person or company, other than our employees and affiliates who have a need to know such information. We value our relationship and will do nothing to violate your trust when you provide us with your personal information.
4. We retain the right to release your personal information when required by law or when we believe that we must release the information to: satisfy a court order or comply with other legal process; defend our rights or those of our affiliates or business partners; or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, affiliates, business partners, customers, or site users. We also retain the right to transfer your personal information in the context of the sale of all or part of our business.
D. Security
We take the security of your personal information very seriously and always attempt to improve how it is protected. However, you should realize that communication with the Internet is never guaranteed to be completely secure. We will make every attempt to secure your personal information, but we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
E. Advertising and Other Companies
We may feature products and services that are offered by other people or companies, and our websites may provide links to their websites. We will make every effort to provide references to only trusted providers, but we cannot be responsible for the claims or representations made by advertisers or sponsors. While these advertisements and links may appear on our websites, visitors must recognize that they may not have been generated by our company.
F. Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We may revise this Privacy Statement at any time. If any change is made that modifies how we collect or use your personal information, we will post them in this document along with the revised effective date. Visitors should review this Privacy Statement periodically to ensure that you are aware of the most current policy. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Statement, we will place a specific notice on our websites, and will also notify you by sending an email to your last known email address from our records.
Please keep us updated with your most current contact information, should we need to notify you of changes to this Privacy Statement. If we no longer have your valid e-mail address, sending a notice to your last known e-mail address will constitute effective notice of changes to this Privacy Statement.
G. Contact Us
Contact us regarding this Privacy Statement by telephone at 904.297.8105, or by sending written correspondence to our office at 411 Walnut St., Suite 8111, Green Cove Springs, Florida 32043-3443.
Effective Date: August 15, 2017
Evolve With Us to Fight Techno-Crimes!
Join our mailing list and you will receive:
Immediate access to our mini-course!
Updates about new types of techno-crimes
Information about security tools and techniques to protect your data
Ways to increase your personal privacy
Information about our live and virtual keynote speeches and training opportunities
Click here to subscribe!