https://templarhistory.com/privacy-policy-2/
December 11, 2020
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Templar History website (TemplarHistory.com) is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to this website.
E-mails to the Templar History are deleted once they have been dealt with.
Templar History does not collect personal information.
E-mail addresses of subscribers to our daily e-mail notification are used exclusively for that purpose. Subscribers have the opportunity to opt-out of the email list by clicking the link in each mailing.
We do not share our e-mail subscriber addresses with or advertisers or any outside organization.
Templar History uses Google Analytics and WordPress Analytics to record our overall web traffic and to monitor specific details on peak times and peak content. We do this to provide our advertisers with data on how frequently their ad is seen and to provide us with much-needed data on the types of stories our readers are most interested in hearing about. Google Analytics provides us with NO access to personal information.
Comments made on any of our articles may – in the opinion of the publication’s editor – be more suitable as a standalone letter to the editor. We will e-mail the comment writer to suggest allowing us to publish the comment under its own cover as content.
From time to time we will publish select comments online. The name used with the comment will be used in the published online content.
Templar History ads are generic placement ads and do not use tracking. We may, however, run a select number of Google Ads, which do use cookies.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to websites.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the internet.
Users may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ad Settings.
COMMENTS POLICY
You are welcome to comment on any article on TemplarHistory.com and by doing so you agree to The Templar History comment policy.
• You are responsible for your comments and replies to the comments of others.
• We do not moderate comments except in exceptional circumstances.
• We welcome debate in the comments section of our articles; however, personal abuse of Templar History writers, interview subjects and commenters responding to articles will not be accepted. Such comments may be deleted and commenters may be prohibited from commenting again.
• Links relevant to your point are permitted; however, comments with links are held for administrator moderation and approval.
• We expect commenters to be respectful of all concerned and to stay on point.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
Our contact form collects your name and address. This is used purely to respond to your email.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Search for:
Shop Amazon
Popular Content
Masonic Knight Templar Swords
June 7, 2020
2
William Marshall – The Flower of Chivalry
June 7, 2020
1
Baphomet: The Pentagram Connection
June 7, 2020
1
The Brethren Persecuted: Part One
June 7, 2020
0
An Interview With Katherine Kurtz
June 8, 2020
0
Meta
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Home
About TemplarHistory.com
Privacy Policy
Publication Ownership & Funding
Contact TemplarHistory.com
© 1997-2020 TemplarHistory.com | Managed by Pawn Marketing & Publishing Inc.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.