https://temporarytemples.co.uk/privacy-policy
admin@temporarytemples.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Home
About Us
Blog
Events
Contact Us
0 Items
We recognize that privacy is important. While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your confidential information.
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR)
How do we process this personal data?
We comply with our obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data: by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that sufficient technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use this personal data for the following purposes:
Communicating with you
Providing our services
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services
Administration of Billing and Financial Records
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with Guide to Data Protection – Principle 5 Retaining Personal Data, we retain all records while you have on-going services with us, if you do not have any services with us your data may be held for a period of up to 2 years.  We keep records of any orders placed through our website for a period of 6 years for accounting and tax purposes.
Information Sharing
We do not routinely share your information with any third parties, and would only share personal information with other companies or individuals in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent
Sharing the information with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to:
(a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
(b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof,
(c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
(d) protect against harm to rights, property or safety, of our users, us or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users by demographic. Such information does not identify you individually.
As permitted and described in the respective terms of service of each of our services and in the Shout Web Solutions Ltd Legal Agreements.
Social Media
This website does include social media sharing buttons to 3rd party sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn, which may set 3rd party cookies. Please refer to these sites’ individual privacy policies for further information.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about which pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.
Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
No-Spam Policy
We have a strict No-Spam Policy prohibiting the use of any data collected to send spam. We will not sell any contact information to third parties.
Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
When you use our services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and to correct this data if it is inaccurate.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
Consent Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please contact us in the first instance 02392352867 or by email admin@temporarytemples.co.uk or in writing to: Steve Alexander Photography/Temporary Temple Press, 27 St. Francis Road, Gosport, Hampshire, PO12 2UG
Legal framework
Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulations 2016
Further information can be obtained from the Information Commissioners Office website https://ico.org.uk
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office help line on 0303 123 1113