https://terryandrobertslaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Terry & Roberts (or “we”) takes your privacy seriously and we want you to understand the ways in which we do and do not use the information that you transmit when you visit our websites. This statement discloses the privacy practices for our Terry & Roberts website.
If you feel that Terry & Roberts is not abiding by this privacy policy, please e-mail our Webmaster via the contact us.
Data Collection and Usage. P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as “statements”). This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
We collect the following information about our users, which will be used by ourselves and our agents: click-stream data, HTTP protocol elements, search terms, URI of requested resource, query-string portion of URI, request date, request time, other access log fields, user agent information, and navigation and click-stream data. This data will be used for the following purposes: completion and support of the current activity, website and system administration, and research and development.
We use non-personal information such as demographic data to analyze and develop our marketing strategy and to determine how you found out about us, your interests regarding our services and how to further improve our website based upon user data. We do not share non-personal information with third parties.
Cookies. Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used to track visitors to our site so we may better understand what portions of our site best serve you.
Cookies are used by Terry & Roberts for the purposes of user targeting and research and development. Additionally, at the user’s option, we will collect HTTP cookies, which will be used for research and development and one-time tailoring. This data will only be used by Terry & Roberts and our agents.
Our Web server automatically collects some information about you when you request pages from our server, including your IP address. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. This information does not identify you personally.
Log Files. We also collect IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the website, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personal information.
Legal Disclaimer. We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on the website.
Minors. No portion of our services is directed towards minors (individuals below the age of 18) and we do not knowingly solicit any information about minors or market to minors.
Security. Privacy is very important to Terry & Roberts. We take every precaution to protect our users’ information. All information gathered on our website is protected for storage within a controlled database. However, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
If you have any questions about the security of this website, please email us via our contact us.
Notification of Changes. Terry & Roberts may change this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our site.
Business Relationships. Our websites contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Terry & Roberts has no control or influence over the privacy practices of such other sites nor is it responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave this site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personal information.
Enforcements. If users have any questions or complaints with respect to the principles outlined in this privacy statement or enforcement of this privacy statement, a request should be sent via the contact us on this website.
See how we can helpContact Us
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*Please describe your case*CAPTCHA
Submit Message
Get Directions
Angleton, TX 77515
FAX: 979.849.3366
info@terryandrobertslaw.com
Copyright © 2020 Terry & Roberts. All Rights Reserved.
DisclaimerPrivacy Policy
×
LawyersLenette M. TerryWilliam J. TerryT.J. RobertsFamily Law AttorneysDivorce LawyersChild Custody LawyersChild Support LawyersAdoption AttorneysPremarital AgreementsPaternity AttorneysDomestic Abuse & Protective OrdersDivorce ModificationsGrandparent Rights AttorneysCPSTestimonials
Call TODAY!979.849.4387