https://tgpersonals.com/privacy
Log in
Username or email
Password
Register
Lost password
TS Local DatingLive CamsActivityBlogsMatchesMembersNewsPhotosSearch
PrivacyTGPersonals is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and will never sell or trade personally-identifiable information, such as email addresses, for any reason.  Please contact Mike at TGPersonals dot Com if you have any concerns.TGPersonals collects user submitted information such as name, photograph, email address, and age. TGPersonals also collects other profile data including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, and geographical location. TGPersonals also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, cookie information, and browser type, from users. This data is used to manage the website, prevent click fraud, track usage and improve the site. Only non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to users. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.
TGPersonals does not knowingly collect or maintain any information from persons under 18 years of age, and no part of the site is directed to persons under 18. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the site or its services at any time or in any manner. If TGPersonals learns that any personally identifiable information of persons under 18 years of age has been collected on the site, then TGPersonals will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
TGPersonals may contain links to third party sites. TGPersonals is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on the site.
Users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile or Edit Profile Icon.
The site is hosted in the United States and intended for U.S. users only. If you are nonetheless accessing the site from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the site, which is governed by U.S. law and this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. TGPersonals reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, modify, change or update this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification.Back
AboutFAQNewsPrivacyScamsTermsPowered by Elgg