http://tharpe-howell.com/legal-disclaimer/
Home/Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting us on the web.  Tharpe & Howell, LLP, provides a wide range of quality legal services throughout California.  Although we try to keep the information on our site up to date, we make no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy of the information provided.  The site is for informational and promotional purposes only and does not constitute legal advice.  Further, your transmission of information to Tharpe & Howell, its attorneys or legal staff does not create a business and/or legal relationship.  If you have a legal problem, you should immediately consult with an attorney for legal advice in relation to your particular situation.
If you would like to hire us as your attorneys, please call the Firm’s Managing Partner, Stephanie Forman, at (818) 205-9955 to find out how.  It is important to note that the only way to establish an attorney-client relationship with Tharpe & Howell, LLP is by signing a written retainer agreement.
Privacy Policy.
Tharpe & Howell’s Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect privileged information.  Tharpe & Howell proudly maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards on private information and continually reviews its policies and practices, monitors its computer networks, and tests the strength of its security to insure the highest standard of care.  We value your privacy and will not sell or rent any information about you to others.
Information Collection And Use.
Once an Attorney-Client relationship is formed, Tharpe & Howell may, from time to time, request that you provide us with private information which may be disclosed to others in the furtherance of your case.  We may also collect information about you from other sources.  Like many in this digital age, Tharpe & Howell now converts client files into digital format.  Because digital copies remain available for an extended period of time, the hard-copy file is destroyed upon case closure.
Web Site.
You can visit Tharpe & Howell’s web pages without revealing any personal information about yourself.  Like other websites, tharpe-howell.com uses cookies to enhance your e-visit.  Cookies will not be used to collect any personal information or to identify individual visitors.  Rather, they may be used to collect information about your browser session, such as time and date, length of session, or pages visited. Tharpe & Howell’s website may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse these linked sites and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
E-Newsletters.
Tharpe & Howell may also use contact information to transmit its complimentary legal e-newsletters to you.  If you prefer not to receive these e-distributions, you may opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe button contained within the newsletter itself, or by forwarding an “opt-out” request to dmurray@tharpe-howell.com.
Employee Access, Training, and Expectations.
Our values, ethical standards, and policies and practices are committed to the protection of client information.  In general, we limit access to confidential information to authorized persons, processes, and transactions only.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so (when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our own legal rights).
For more information, please feel free to contact our Firm Administrator Alandra English at (818) 205-9955 or via email directed to aenglish@tharpe-howell.com.
Attorney Directory
Attorney Search
View Firm Newsletters
View Firm Blog
Offices
Facebook0TwitterLinkedin
We use cookies to improve user experience, and analyze website traffic. By continuing to use this site, you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our Cookie Policy.OkLegal Disclaimer