https://thecircleofcare.org/how-to-help/volunteer/at-the-hospital/
Skip to main content
About Us
Our Story
Our Mission
Leadership
Our Staff
Our Board
Impact and Annual Reports
Contact Us
Our Programs
Bags of Love
Art From The Heart
Financial Assistance
Lifeline
Hospital Volunteers
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Join a Committee
Join Art From The Heart Team
At The Hospital
At Our Events
Host an Event
Host a Fundraiser
Be An Ambassador
Donate to our 2020 Holiday Gift Drive
Resources
For Parents
Purple Pages
Information when your child has just been diagnosed
Adjusting to Hospital Life
Going Home From The Hospital
Life at Home
Applying For Disability Benefits
For Siblings
For teen/young adult patients
FAQs From Oncologist
Inspiration
Life Within The Journey
#Imnotmycancer
Patient Stories
Events
CARE to Swing Golf Event
Wilton 2020 5K
Joyride Spinraiser
No Shave
At The Hospital
- Volunteer Opportunities -
At The Hospital
Donate
Volunteer
Join a Committee
Join Art From The Heart Team
At The Hospital
At Our Events
Host an Event
Host a Fundraiser
Be An Ambassador
Donate to our 2020 Holiday Gift Drive
Kids with cancer need more than medicine to heal.
YNHCH images
Children spend long hours in treatment, sometimes multiple times in a week at the hospital. Circle of Care volunteers are there to provide support and much-needed diversions in the form of activities or crafts. Sometimes they are simply there to read a story, paint a little girl’s nails or lend a sympathetic ear.
Our volunteers help families of children with cancer at The Smilow Cancer Center at Yale New Haven Children’s Hospital. Volunteers receive training through the hospital, as well as Circle of Care training, designed to respond to the special needs of our pediatric oncology patients and families.
Our volunteers do not provide medical care, medical treatment, medical advice or psychotherapy, or interfere with the doctor/patient relationship in any way.
"Our oncology program would not be the same without the help of our wonderful Circle of Care volunteers. Volunteers play a special role in the journey of cancer treatment. They are able to offer respite for parents, fun activities for patients, and a warm smile to all who come through our doors. Volunteers can lend an ear or a hand to our families that, often, our busy staff cannot. We cannot say enough about our volunteers and Circle of Care.” – Kendra, Child Life Specialist, Yale New Haven Children's Hospital
For more information please contact us
Our Contributors
MBIA Foundation