https://thecircleofcare.org/how-to-help/be-an-ambassador/
Skip to main content
About Us
Our Story
Our Mission
Leadership
Our Staff
Our Board
Impact and Annual Reports
Contact Us
Our Programs
Bags of Love
Art From The Heart
Financial Assistance
Lifeline
Hospital Volunteers
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Join a Committee
Join Art From The Heart Team
At The Hospital
At Our Events
Host an Event
Host a Fundraiser
Be An Ambassador
Donate to our 2020 Holiday Gift Drive
Resources
For Parents
Purple Pages
Information when your child has just been diagnosed
Adjusting to Hospital Life
Going Home From The Hospital
Life at Home
Applying For Disability Benefits
For Siblings
For teen/young adult patients
FAQs From Oncologist
Inspiration
Life Within The Journey
#Imnotmycancer
Patient Stories
Events
CARE to Swing Golf Event
Wilton 2020 5K
Joyride Spinraiser
No Shave
Be An Ambassador
- Get Involved -
Be An Ambassador
Donate
Volunteer
Join a Committee
Join Art From The Heart Team
At The Hospital
At Our Events
Host an Event
Host a Fundraiser
Be An Ambassador
Donate to our 2020 Holiday Gift Drive
Be a champion for our cause, be an ambassador for Circle of Care! Help spread the word of our mission. By being an ambassador, you are helping a family who needs assistance know who to turn to.
What does being an ambassador mean? Represent us by wearing our merchandise, or simply share our posts on social media!
Merchandise
I'm Still Me Inside and Out, by Karen Morgenbesser
After 12 years of volunteering for Circle of Care's Art from the Heart program, the multi-talented Karen Morgenbesser has written and illustrated a children's book to honor our brave young cancer warriors. I'm Still Me Inside and Out is a positive and encouraging message for children diagnosed with cancer. Inspired by the warm, funny and incredibly brave children and families that she had the honor to meet while designing their room makeovers, Morgenbesser has created a beautifully illustrated tribute to children who are facing the unimaginable. The book celebrates a child's resilience when faced with a cancer diagnosis, and with each page turn, readers will find children simply being children. Dancing. Skipping. Painting. Reading. Though there are days when they may not have their normal pep, Morgenbesser shows that through it all, they continue to be their amazing selves - inside and out!
A reminder that cancer does not define a child, I'm Still Me Inside and Out is a must-read for any family enduring a pediatric cancer diagnosis. All proceeds go to supporting our programs that help families with cancer.
Please email us for more information!
Circle of Care baseball cap, $20
Email us to purchase a hat
Keep up with our latest updates and upcoming events by following us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Make sure to share our posts to spread awareness of all the cool things we are doing!
If you know us-- please leave us a review on Facebook!
Follow us on social media and share our posts
Instagram
@circle_of_care
Facebook
@circleofcare.ct
Twitter
@circleofcare
LinkedIn
@Circle of Care
Our Contributors
MBIA Foundation