http://thechurchofjesuschrist.com/privacy-policy
The Church of Jesus Christ Privacy Policy
The Church of Jesus Christ knows you care how information about you is used and shared. We hope the following will help you to understand how we will collect, use and protect the information you provide to us on our Bible and Book of Mormon app.
Like most mobile app publishers, The Church of Jesus Christ collects non-personally-identifying information made available through the iTunes App Store® and the Google Play Store®, such as the device type, operating system, language preference, and the date and time of downloads among other non-personally-identifying information. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better serve the users of our mobile apps. The Church also collects personally-identifying information as is described below.
Information You Provide
The Church of Jesus Christ does not require users of our apps to provide any personal information, however, such information may be required to access advanced app features that provide enhanced and personalized functionality. When you sign up for an app account, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password), or we may ask you to sign in with your Facebook login.
How We Use and Protect Your Information
When you sign up for an app account, The Church of Jesus Christ collects your information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of your use of our apps.We may also use your information in order to provide further communications to you, and you have the ability to opt-out of such such communications. The Church also collects potentially personally-identifying information like device ID and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of users. These are used for administration purposes only. The Church does not disclose personally-identifying information to any third parties.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
When you use The Church of Jesus Christ apps, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information either to correct it if it is inaccurate or to delete your information from our system at your request. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. To request a change or delete your personal information, send requests to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Third-Party Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to apps that are owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ. The Church cannot regulate other sites that may be linked from within our apps and/or web sites. These other sites should have their own unique Privacy Policies, which you should review, should you choose to visit their sites.
The Church of Jesus Christ is in no way responsible or liable for any information that is collected by Google® and/or Apple®, or their use of that information, as a result of users downloading The Church of Jesus Christ Bible and Book of Mormon app. To learn more about how these companies handle your information, see the Google Privacy Policy and the Apple Privacy Policy.
Find a Location >
Support Our Good Work