https://thehymnsociety.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Hymn Society in the United States and Canada
and
The Center for Congregational Song
At The Hymn Society in the United States and Canada (THS) and The Center for Congregational Song (CCS), we take the privacy of your personal data seriously. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and share personal data you provide to us or relevant third parties in relation to our sites and services. In addition, because sometimes we operate globally, this policy is designed to comply with the European Union data protection regulations.
You have the right to access, change or delete your personal information at any time. More information on how to do this is below.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
THS and CCS collect personal information from you that we need in order to provide you with products, services and programs that you have chosen. Examples include:
First and last name
Postal address
Phone number
Email address
Payment details
Our membership database is capable of collecting additional information—demographics, denominational affiliation, history, work address, other contact information, social media—but completing this information is optional.
THS and CCS collect personal information from you in the following ways.
THS Membership Applications and Updates: When a new or existing THS member is added or updates their membership information, we collect each individual’s first and last name, email address, and requested password.
Registrations: When registering for a specific program, THS and CCS ask for some of the same information as above plus some additional information, e.g., food allergies, to ensure the safety and comfort of our participants.
Email Newsletters: If you choose to subscribe to any email newsletters that we offer, we will ask for your email address.
Online Store Purchases: When you make a purchase online through the THS Store, we may ask for the same personal information as above plus any necessary information to deliver the product or service to you, e.g., mailing address, and payment information.
What Technical Information Do We Collect?
When you use the THS or CCS websites or a mobile app, we collect information that helps us deliver the service or content that you request. This is done through cookies* and other technologies. Examples of some of this type of information include:
Browser
Email provider
The pages you read on our website and how you got to them
Device
IP address
Internet connection
Location (in some cases)
*A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer. This unique number identifies your web browser to THS and CCS computers whenever you visit the THS or CCS website.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and cookies are currently used on most major websites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse to accept cookies altogether.
While you are not required to use cookies at the THS and CCS website, cookies will allow us to identify you as a return visitor when you purchase items at the THS Store or register for any events or activities.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We will only use the information that you have given us in the following situations.
Where and when you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time;
The processing is necessary for the performance of an agreement (e.g., becoming a member or registering for an event); or
We are required by law.
We use the personal information you give us to:
To fulfill your orders with us
To manage your access to membership information
To update and renew your membership as required
To provide you with information, products, and services that you request from us
To arrange and deliver conferences, events, and programming relevant to your job and subjects of interest to you
To respond to your questions or inquiries
To send you information about member benefits, member activities, and other information that THS believes would be useful to you in your work
To send you third-party information that THS or CCS believes is relevant and useful to you where you have given your consent
To notify you about changes to your membership or related services or to ask you for feedback
To enable you to participate in any incentives or complete a survey
To comply with all applicable laws or legal processes where required by law enforcement or judicial authorities.
How Do We Share Your Personal Information?
THS and CCS do not share your personal information with third parties except as described below.
How Do We Work with Third Parties?
We work with third-parties when it is necessary to deliver a service or product to you. Some examples include:
When you make a purchase, your payment is processed by a specialized third-party provider to ensure a secure transaction.
When you log into your membership account, your access is provided by a third-party association management system that manages your access including setting and resetting your password.
When we need to send you an email or push notification, these are delivered by marketing platforms. As part of this service, certain information such as message opens, clicks and formatting are recorded to help deliver the best email experience.
When you participate in a survey, a third-party provider accepts and holds your response data and may track technical data including IP addresses.
When you register for a conference, your registration information is processed by a secure third-party processor.
How Can You Review and Modify Your Personal Information?
You have the following options for modifying or causing to be deleted your personal information or demographic information previously provided by you to THS or CCS.
Email: office@thehymnsociety.org
Signing in to your THS member account at thehymnsociety.org
Send mail to the following address: The Hymn Society in the United States and Canada, 5 Thomas Circle, NW, 4th floor, Washington, DC 20005-4153
Call: 800-843-4966
What Is the Opt-Out Policy for THS and CCS Websites?
THS and CCS provide members and customers with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communication from us at any time. If you no longer wish to receive specific communications or services, you have the following options.
Email: office@thehymnsociety.org
Signing in to your THS member account at thehymnsociety.org
Send mail to the following address: The Hymn Society in the United States and Canada, 5 Thomas Circle, NW, 4th floor, Washington, DC 20005-4153
Call: 800-843-4966
Instructions for opting out of any THS or CCS e-mail you receive are included with each email.
What Kind of Security Measures Are in Place to Protect Against the Loss, Misuse or Alteration of Your Information?
The THS and CCS websites have security measures in place like firewalls to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take responsible precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Certain particularly sensitive information, such as your credit card number, collected for a commercial transaction is encrypted prior to transmission and never stored.
You as a THS member are responsible for your THS login credentials. We recommend that you not share your login credentials and that you log out of your browser after each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your information especially if you share computers or use one in a public place.
Because THS and CCS use social media, it is important to remember that anything you post is public. Exercise caution when posting on THS social media platforms.
THE GREATEST HYMN OF ALL TIME – Third Sunday of Advent, Year B
December 13, 2020 Revised Common Lectionary Isaiah 61:1-4, 8-11 Luke 1:46b-55 1 Thessalonians 5:16-24 John 1:6-8, 19-28   Lectionary...
Read More
The Hymn
Hymns In Times of Crisis
McElrath-Eskew Research Fund
Follow Us
Show All
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.