https://thehymnsociety.org/category_resources/helpful-websites/
Helpful Websites
Hymnology Archive
The Hymnology Archive, which is edited by Chris Fenner at Wheaton College, is a great resource to find information regarding hymnody. Content is indexed by Author, Tune, Text, Church...
Read More
Environmental Justice
Here is a short (not comprehensive) list of resources to find hymns and songs concerning creation, creation-care, ecological justice, and more.       Calvin Institute of Christian Worship...
Read More
The Canterbury Dictionary of Hymnology: Past, Present, and Future
Carlton R. Young, FHS gave a Plenary Address at our Annual Conference in 2015 all about his work at the Canterbury Dictionary of Hymnology. He went into great detail...
Read More
Hymns for Armistice Day – Resound Worship
Resound Worship ran a competition in the first part of 2018 to find a new hymn of peace to mark 100 years since Armistice Day and the end of...
Download File (Hymns of Peace and Remembrance)
Read More
Hope Publishing Hymn Search
The Hope Publishing Online Hymnody search contains over 3500 hymns and texts indexed and searchable in several ways. This resource indexes many contemporary hymns by writers such as Brian...
Read More
Music That Makes Community
Music that Makes Community is an organization dedicated to renewing the practice of singing together in the oral tradition. This organization holds 4 annual workshops in different areas of...
Read More
“History of Hymns” Articles
This site, published by the Discipleship Ministries of the United Methodist Church, includes a wealth of resources for music and hymn planning, including lectionary hymns, worship planning resources, liturgies,...
Read More
Break Into Song
A series of free, “how-to” videos to give church leaders the confidence to teach new songs and integrate them creatively in worship. Created and Produced by Hymn Society member Hilary Seraph Donaldson,...
Read More
Canterbury Dictionary of Hymnology
Introduction The Canterbury Dictionary of Hymnology is the public launch of the ‘impossible task’ – the replacement for the Dictionary of Hymnology produced by John Julian in 1892, with a supplement in 1907....
Read More
Hymnary.org
Do you search for hymns and worship music for worship services? Are you researching a particular hymn? Looking for an arrangement or media file? If so, Hymnary.org is for...
Read More
THE GREATEST HYMN OF ALL TIME – Third Sunday of Advent, Year B
December 13, 2020 Revised Common Lectionary Isaiah 61:1-4, 8-11 Luke 1:46b-55 1 Thessalonians 5:16-24 John 1:6-8, 19-28   Lectionary...
Read More
The Hymn
Hymns In Times of Crisis
McElrath-Eskew Research Fund
Follow Us
Show All
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.