https://thejosephhouse.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The Little Sisters
Founder
Tribute
Book on our Founder
Charism
Community
Vocations and Formation
Who We Are
The Joseph House is a ministry to help low-income families and individuals with their material needs. It is administered by the Little Sisters of Jesus and Mary, Inc., a non-profit and 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. The physical address of the office is 411 N. Poplar Hill Avenue, Salisbury, MD 21801. Our website address is https://thejosephhouse.org.
What Data We Collect
At The Joseph House, one of our top priorities is making sure that the information we have about you is protected and secure. We value our relationship with you and work hard to preserve your privacy and ensure that your preferences are honored.
We require that your personal information be held in strict confidence. We take every possible measure to insure that your information is not compromised in any way. We use your information only for its intended business purpose.
No one other than our staff has access to your information. We do not share information that we have about you with anyone except in response to subpoenas or for other legal reasons. We do not sell or trade your information to other organizations or individuals.
If you choose to send us email, either directly or through our Contact Form, we may retain indefinitely the contents of your message, our reply and your email address as part of our ongoing customer service efforts. We reserve the right to contact you after you have contacted us and may send future emails to you about our organization. You may notify us via email if you wish to discontinue electronic communication.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
If you select “Remember Me” when making a comment: If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you use Gravatar for leaving a comment: An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
All visitor comments will be checked through an automated spam detection service.
If you subscribe to our blog, we retain your email address until you decide to unsubscribe. This process is handled directly by WordPress, the provider of our website content management software.
Sending messages, leaving comments, and subscribing to our blog are voluntary actions performed by users of our website.
This is the information we collect from third party sites that are linked to our website:
PayPal: name, address, comments, and contribution amount of donors, although we never receive the donor’s credit card or bank account number
DonorBox: name, address, comments, and contribution amount of donors, although we never receive the donor’s credit card or bank account number
Facebook: name of users who “like” our posts and/or follow our account and any messages they send to us
Instagram: name of users who “like” our posts and/or follow our account and any messages they send to us
GoogleAnalytics: anonymous tracking data
Amazon Associate’s Store: anonymous sales commission from books sold
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, and embed additional third-party tracking. Please refer to the above sites to learn more about their respective privacy policies.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
All supplied sensitive and credit card information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted.
We keep your personal information as accurate, complete, and up to date as is required to fulfill the purpose(s) for which you provided us with your personal information. Upon request in writing we will remove your personal information from our databases, except where legislation or regulation requires our retention of it (for example, charitable giving history tied to income tax receipts.)
Our Privacy Policy will be updated as needed and posted on our website.
Website Disclaimer
The Joseph House has made every attempt to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the information provided on this website. However, the information is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The Joseph House does not accept any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, or reliability of the information contained on this website.
No warranties, promises and/or representations of any kind, expressed or implied, are given as to the nature, standard, accuracy or otherwise of the information provided in this website nor to the suitability or otherwise of the information to your particular circumstances.
The Joseph House cannot and will not guarantee that this website is free from computer viruses or anything else that has destructive properties.
The Joseph House shall not be liable for any loss or damage of whatever nature (direct, indirect, consequential, or other) whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, which may arise as a result of your use of (or inability to use) this website, or from your use of (or failure to use) the information on this site.
This website provides links to other websites owned by third parties. The content of such third party sites is not within our control, and we cannot and will not take responsibility for the information or content thereon. Links to such third party sites are not to be taken as an endorsement by The Joseph House of the third party site, or any products promoted, offered, or sold on the third party site, nor that such sites are free from computer viruses or anything else that has destructive properties. We cannot and do not take responsibility for the collection or use of personal data from any third party site. In addition, we will not accept responsibility for the accuracy of third party advertisements.
If you have any questions about our website or our Privacy Policy, please contact the office at 410-742-9590 or by email at LSJM[at]comcast[dot]net.
By using our site, you indicate your consent to this Privacy Policy.
Last updated July 3, 2018.
Share this:EmailFacebookTwitterPrint
Search for:
Donate Online
About Us
Newsletter
Blog
Blog Archives
Saint Joseph
Brother Charles
Photo Gallery
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Blog Categories
Br. Charles
History
Joseph House
Little Sisters
Newsletter
Social Justice
Spirituality
St. Joseph
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Subscribe to our Blog to receive our Newsletter and other posts by email. We publish 1 to 3 posts per month, including the Newsletter.
Join 1,016 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.