http://thepraxisproject.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
Centering Community
Building Power
Fiscal Sponsorship
Events
Resources by Media
#BEYONDTHEMOMENT
Get Updates
Contact Us
Donate
Back
Our History
Our Mission & Approach
Our Principles
Our Team
Our Board
Back
Praxis Learning Center
Basebuilding Organizations Index
Learnings from the Front Lines
Sugary Drink Tax Community Investments
Social Determinants Of Health Equity
Back
Roots & Remedies Convening
Learning Circles Cohorts
Community Meeting Space
Back
Blog
Podcast
Video
Newsletter
Resources & Reports
Webinar Recordings
Privacy PolicyEffective date: September 21, 2020The Praxis Project, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “The Praxis Project”) takes online privacy of visitors to our website seriously. This policy is applicable to www.thepraxisproject.org and governs any information collected from visitors to our website (hereinafter referred to as “The Praxis Project website”).Information Collection and UseThe Praxis Project website collects information about each visitor to the website in the following ways:(1)    Through your IP address, which does not contain any personal information,(2)    When you submit information using an input form on one of our web pages,(3)    And when you subscribe to our newsletter.IP Address NoteYour IP address does not contain or reveal personal information about you. Information such as your name, address, or phone number cannot be obtained through your IP address alone. The Praxis Project website automatically logs your IP address to collect information about the usage of the site. This information is collected only to track traffic patterns and identify ways to make our website more useful. Information is never used to track or monitor individual users.Online Input FormsUnless specified by the form, all information submitted to The Praxis Project using our online input forms, including resources download forms and webinar registration forms, are kept private. We reserve the right to add your email to our general mailing list, and any information you shared may be used to contact you about our services that you have already expressed interest in. We do not share this information with any external parties nor do we share email lists of any kind. If you previously shared information with us, you may opt-out or change your information at any time.E-newslettersIf you wish to subscribe to any of our newsletters, we require certain contact information (name, e-mail address, zipcode, organization, and issues) so we can make sure you receive the newsletter as requested. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications using the specific instructions found at the bottom of each newsletter.Secure ServerWe offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to data systems and are required to keep the information confidential. While our website has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, we make no assurances about the adequacy of our security.Disclosure of Personal InformationUnless we have your consent, we do not rent, sell or share personal information that you provide us, including your name, email address, and phone number. We may disclose personal information to our contractors and consultants who help us to maintain our online functions. In addition, we may disclose personal information if compelled by law, if our website is hacked, if we have evidence of criminal activity, or if we believe it is necessary to protect and defend the rights, interest, property, or safety of The Praxis Project or the users of The Praxis Project website.CookiesCookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The Praxis Project website may use services such as Google Analytics, which place cookies on web browsers, allowing us to track visitors’ interactions with the site. This helps us determine our audience size and improve the website based on which parts of the site users are most interested in. You can turn off your computer’s ability to receive and store cookies by adjusting your browser’s settings. To learn more about Google tracking or to opt out, visit https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.Third Party LinksThe Praxis Project website contains links to third party websites. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Terms and ConditionsBy viewing this website, you agree to the following: The Praxis Project makes no warranties about the information contained herein, nor assumes any liability for use of this website. The information provided on this website does not constitute legal or financial advice. While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information on these pages, no guarantees are provided and you should not rely on it for any financial or legal purpose. For financial or legal advice, please contact a certified public accountant or attorney licensed in your area. The Praxis Project reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this website or any part thereof with or without notice.Copyright NoticeThe Praxis Project website is a compilation work composed of materials contributed by The Praxis Project and other contributors. The compilation itself is property of The Praxis Project and the material it contains is protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights. The Praxis Project website itself is protected by U.S. law—and the laws of many other countries—as a copyrighted collective work. Materials licensed from other contributors are marked with the contributor's copyright and remain property of the contributors. In order to reproduce any part of this website, you must request advance written permission and comply with any conditions stipulated in that permission. To request permission, e-mail info@thepraxisproject.org.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.If you have any questions or concerns about privacy or terms of use, please contact us at info@thepraxisproject.org.