http://theshiftcenter.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
menu
Home
Contact Us
Active Awareness Arts
Beca Lewis
The Shift
Perception U
Perception Publishing
Search for:
Start typing and pressEnter to search
open search form
close search form
Privacy Policy
Beca Lewis and Del Piper / The Shift Center ("TSC") DBA: Perception Publishing & Active Awareness Arts
Online Privacy Policy (Last updated February 27, 2018)
TSC has established this Privacy Policy to explain how it protects and manages the personal information that it collects from
you (the customer) online.
Consent for Collection, Use and Disclosure
Your use of any TSC site and/or your registration for TSC products and services constitute your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the TSC site.
TSC may occasionally update this Privacy Policy and will post the changes at this or another specified location.
A customer may withdraw his or her consent for collection, use and disclosure at any time. Please note that, if you do, TSC may suspend its provision of products and services to you. When you unsubscribe, if you fall within the guarantee period for any TSC product and you request a refund, the guarantee will be honored.
Accountability
TSC collects, at the time of your registration and your sign-on to its web site, certain “personal information” (information that personally identifies you) including but not limited to your name, email address, home or work address, telephone number, and information about your computer hardware and software (e.g., IP address, operating system, browser type, domain name, URL, access times, and referring web site addresses).
TSC has implemented this Privacy Policy to protect personal information received from its customers, and to respond to any inquiries.
The Privacy Policy also provides that TSC will use appropriate contractual means to establish a comparable level of protection for personal information which is sent for processing by third parties on TSC ’s behalf.
Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
to understand customer needs regarding TSC ’s services;
to understand customer needs regarding TSC ’s services;
to fulfill your requests for products, services or information;
to communicate with customers and site visitors, when necessary, and to inform customers of upgrades, as well as of other products and services available from TSC, its affiliates and third parties;
to allow customers to access limited-entry areas of TSC ’s sites;
to personalize some of our services and products for you and to deliver targeted advertisements and offers from TSC and third parties;
to bill accounts and maintain payment records;
to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request;
to respond to a legitimate claim, or to address our reasonable belief, that you are violating the rights of any third party or any of the agreements or policies that govern your use of the TSC site or any TSC product or service;
to protect the services, products or rights of TSC, including but not limited to the security or integrity of the TSC site; and
to identify and resolve technical problems concerning TSC?s site, products and services.
TSC collects and uses personal information for the following Identified Purposes:
If we hire other companies to provide some products or services on our behalf, then we will only provide those companies the personal information they need for the Identified Purposes, and we will limit their rights to use and further disclose your personal information as appropriate in the course of their work for us.
Limiting the Collection of Personal Information
TSC limits its collection of personal information to only that information which is necessary for the Identified Purposes. TSC does not direct its site to, nor does it knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
When you visit the TSC web sites, a cookie may be placed on your computer or the cookie may be read if you have visited the TSC site previously. TSC uses cookies to allow TSC to determine which products and services you have already purchased so that TSC does not provide redundant information to you, and, if you are an TSC affiliate, to track TSC sales made to customers referred by you so that you can receive compensation under our affiliate program. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the TSC web site, you may not be able to view all the text on the screens, or to experience a personalised visit, or to subscribe to certain service and product offerings on the TSC site.
Disclosure, Processing and Retention
to someone you have designated to act as your agent, for one or more of the Identified Purposes (listed in Section 2, above);
a very limited amount, and in very few cases, to TSC’s employees, independent contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, consultants, business associates, service providers, suppliers and agents, acting on TSC?s behalf for any of the Identified Purposes;
as necessary if TSC has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with TSC’s rights or property, other users of TSC’s web site, products or services, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; and
to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.
TSC does not sell, rent or disclose your personal information to anyone else, except:
In addition, as we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates may sell or buy other businesses or entities, or we may merge with another company.
In such transactions, personal information may be one of the transferred business assets.
Also, in the event that TSC or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States, or in any other country in which TSC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By using this web site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
After your account becomes inactive (that is, if you request to be removed from our database), TSC will keep your personal information in its archives.
Your information will then be used only as necessary for tax reasons or to prove TSC?s compliance with any applicable law.
Accuracy of Personal Information
TSC will use reasonable efforts to keep customer personal information accurate for the Identified Purposes, and for minimizing the possibility of making inappropriate customer decisions based on such information.
Customers are responsible for informing TSC about changes to their personal information. TSC will use new or updated personal information it receives from customers to update its own records.
Security Safeguards
TSC will use reasonable efforts to protect customers’ personal information.
Access to Personal Information
TSC will afford you a reasonable opportunity to review the personal information in your file, if you so request by writing to:
PO Box 314
Cortland, OH 44410 USA
If TSC is not able to provide access to some aspect of a customer’s personal information, it will provide reasons for denying access such as; that by doing so would likely reveal personal information about a third party, or that it is confidential commercial information or attorney’client privileged communications, or that the information relates to a breach of an agreement or a contravention of law, or that its disclosure could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another individual.
Customers have the right to request that inaccurate or incomplete information be amended as appropriate, by contacting TSC as described above.’ TSC will promptly correct such personal information.’
FacebookTwitterGoogleMail