https://thevalley.ukpagan.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
Haylee Linton
Welcome Guest!
Welcome to UK Pagan; The Valley
Like most online communities we require you to register for an account before we give you
access to read and post.
Only a small number of our forum areas can be read without registering for an account.
Sign In
or
Sign Up
Help to keep this website running - Become a Patron.
Help to keep UK Pagan online...
Become a Patron!
Jump to top
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your membership and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
Contact information from the registration forms is only used to get in touch with the member when necessary, this information is not passed on to any other party at any time.
We will NEVER sell your details to any third parties, you should be aware however that any email addresses displayed on the site are visible to any website visitors. Your email address will not be made public unless you have configured your account to do so.
The type of information we collect from registered users is your email address and an identifying handle or nickname. This e-mail address must be valid as it is used to validate your membership. All other information is optional, however we request that you fill in as much as you feel comfortable with. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date.
You can check the information that we hold about you in your user settings. If you find any inaccuracies you are able to delete or correct it.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site.
This can include using a cookie which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
We use cookies to store your session information. If you disable cookies you will not be able to login to the site.
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
This site makes message boards and news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Unsolicited email circulars (SPAM) - are becoming an increasing nuisance to Internet users. These mass direct mail-shots can cause inconvenience, annoyance and expense to recipients. We do not condone such practices in any form, nor do we sanction such applications by other websites.
We may share your information internally or with other organisations where required to do so in the general daily running of the site. We reserve the right to share information with our solicitors in the event of violation of our terms and conditions. We will share information with the police and/or other investigatory bodies to assist with investigations when required to do so by law.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Jump to top
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy