https://thismatter.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy for thismatter.com This site does not use any cookies, except what is required by European law, but this site does use Google AdSense and Google Analytics, which does rely on cookies. Besides being able to turn off and delete cookies in your own browser, you can also turn off cookies specifically for each cookie user by going to YourOnlineChoices.eu - Your ad choices, and setting the radio button to OFF for Google, or you can find out more by going to the privacy policies for each service through the above links. Since Google is the only third-party used on this site, you can control the use and storage of cookies at Google's website, which is also listed in the footer of every page: How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services – Privacy & Terms – Google This site uses Google advertising to serve ads when you visit this website. Google may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see Advertising – Privacy & Terms – Google. Additional information can be found at How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps – Privacy & Terms – Google.
No
personal information is collected from anyone by this site.
Like almost all servers, this site's servers automatically records information when you visit this website, including the URL, IP address, HTTP referrer, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request. These logs are automatically deleted after 30 days. The information is not transferred to anyone else, and the information is only used if there is a problem with the server.
Anonymous information is also collected through Google Analytics, such as pages visited, time on page, and so on, and also uses
Google Analytics Display Advertiser Features, such as remarketing, demographics and interest reporting, and DoubleClick Platform integrations. There may be cookies or web beacons or
anonymous identifiers, especially by third-party advertisers and services, that do collect information. Collected information may include previous websites visited, interests, demographics, and location. Additionally,  a
unique device identifier may be used for the identification of a user device. Currently, the only advertiser is Google, and this page provides more information about their cookies:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
You can learn all about how you can control your online privacy at the Network Advertising Initiative and at Consumer Opt-out | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative. You can learn more about cookies at www.aboutcookies.org. European visitors can learn more about their choices at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
In addition, there may be cookies that track your content preferences so that ads can be served that you are more likely to be interested in. To summarize:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site, which may include serving ads based on interests or location. Google's use of cookies enables it to serve ads to this site's users based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Additionally, users may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent data from being used by Google Analytics. No personalized ads are shown to members of the European Economic Area. Only contextual ads are shown, which are ads based on the surrounding content of the page being viewed.
Personal Finance
Bankruptcy Chapter 7 Chapter 13 Chapter 11
Credit and Debt Debt Collection
Insurance Types of Insurance
Auto
Homeowner Health Life
Real Estate Taxes Income Taxes Personal Deductions and Tax Credits Retirement Plans
Gratuitous Transfer Taxes Educational Tax Benefits Taxation of Investments Business Taxes
Wills, Estates, and Trusts
Wills and Estates Trusts
Investments
Investment Fundamentals
Investment Funds Mutual Funds Limited Partnerships
Banking Bonds Types Of Bonds Government Securities
Money Market Instruments Corporate Bonds Asset Backed Securities
Forex Futures Options Stocks Stock Indexes Stock Valuation and Financial Ratios
Technical Analysis
Economics
Contact Me!
The Pauper's Money Book shows how you can manage your money to greatly increase your standard of living.
Save, invest, and earn more money. Get out of debt. Increase your credit score. Learn to negotiate successfully. Manage time effectively. Invest for maximum results with a minimum of risk. Minimize taxes. Earn tax-free income. Earn more from a career or from running a business.
Search This Site