https://tibetnetwork.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Menu
About Tibet
About Us
Contact Us
Members Login
Find A Group
Campaigns
Media Centre
Resources
Donate
Privacy Policy
About UsPrivacy Policy
The International Tibet Network is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms, signing petitions or participating in email actions on our website www.tibetnetwork.org, www.freetibetanheroes.org and campaign actions hosted on the actions.tibetnetwork.org/Campaignion platform, provided by More Onion Ltd.
Information or material that you post or contribute to our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of donations (amounts and email addresses) you carry out through our site and payment gateway (Paypal) or by other means.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and for the purposes of assessing the reach of our sites. This is anonymous, statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. We will never use this information to try and identify and make contact with individuals.
For the same reason, we may occasionally obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Where we store your personal data and Data Security
The data that we collect from you may be stored in our own databases, in MailChimp (whose data centres are in the US and which we use to contact you by email where we have your permission to do so), or in the More Onion data centre (Munich, Germany), which is secured to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information.  By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Only employees who need access to personally identifiable information to perform a specific job are granted access to your information.
We do not store credit card details. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
This website, and the platforms we use, have SSL (https) certificates installed. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with information about Tibet that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, but only when you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To maintain our organisational records.
To enable you to participate in our activities when you choose to do so, again only when you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To notify you about changes to our activities that may affect you.
To inform you of ways you can support Tibet, when you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To allow Member Groups to participate in the Network and to display their profile and information on the website.
We do not share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone unless ordered by a court of law.
We will communicate with you only by email, when we have your consent to do so, with updates and information about Tibet.
Disclosure of your information
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data. If you do not want to receive information from us you may choose that option when providing your details. To be unsubscribed from future emails please contact us by email at mail@tibetnetwork.org with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject field. You also have the right to be “forgotten”. To be deleted from our databases please contact us by email at mail@tibetnetwork.org with the word “delete” in the subject field.
If our Campaignion platform is hosting a petition that is clearly designated as belonging to a Network Member Tibet Group, and you sign such an action and consent to be contacted, your data relationship will be with that Tibet Group and not with the International Tibet Network. In such instances we will share your data securely with the Member Tibet Group you have consented to hear from, and you will not be contacted by the International Tibet Network.
We will only share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, for example with our digital services supplier or payment gateway for the purposes of fraud protection.
Your rights
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
You have the right to access information held about you. Please contact us by email at mail@tibetnetwork.org to request details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to mail@tibetnetwork.org.
This page was updated 14 February 2018.
About the Network
What We Do |
In Spanish
History of the Network
|
In Spanish
Steering Committee Members
Secretariat
Network Membership | In Spanish
Funding | In Spanish
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks