https://tjamesbelich.com/privacy-policy/
T. James Belich
Author. Playwright. Actor.
Alt Sidebar
Search
Home
About Me
Plays
Full-Length
One-Act
10-Minute
Books
News
Contact
Home
About Me
Plays
Full-Length
One-Act
10-Minute
Books
News
Contact
Tweets by @tjamesbelich
Who We Are
This privacy policy applies to the website address https://tjamesbelich.com (hereinafter “us,” “we,” or “the website”). Your use of this site constitutes your acknowledgement that you agree to and will abide by these policies. This site uses automatic WordPress updates to help maintain security. By using this site you agree that while we will make a good faith effort to protect the security of your information, no information transmitted over the internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You agree not to hold this site, its owners, or its administrators liable for the theft or related use or your information.
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, as well as the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After your comment is approved, your comment will be posted to the website and your profile picture will be visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact Forms
Our website uses a contact form for the purpose of allowing visitors to contact us. This data will only be used for the purpose of responding to your message and will not be used for marketing purposes. We use Ninja Forms for our contact form. Read their privacy policy here.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again the next time you leave a comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after one day.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
This site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) from third-party sites which we do not operate and have no control over. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. You agree not to hold this website liable for the content, privacy, policies, security, or practices of any third-party sites or content.These third-party websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. By accessing this content, you acknowledge not to hold our website or anyone associated with it responsible for said content or how third-party sites use your information. We strongly advise you review the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit, whether through a direct link or embedded content.
Analytics
Currently this site is not using any analytics. We may in the future collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. We may also decide to display this information publicly or provide it to others. If we do so, however, we will not share any personally-identifying information.
Who We Share Your Data With
We do not share your data with any third parties, unless required by law. This site was built using WordPress, which does not share personal data. A copy of their privacy policy may be found here.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.Data for messages sent through our contact form, including but not limited to your name and email, will be retained indefinitely unless you request to have it deleted. This information is stored in order to respond to your message and maintain a record of our correspondence.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our website or our privacy policy, please contact us.
Privacy Policy Changes
While most changes are likely to be small, our website may change its privacy policy from time to time, at our sole discretion. We encourage you to review this page frequently for any changes. By continuing to use this site, you acknowledge your acceptance of any such changes.
Additional Information
This site is hosted by SiteGround, which has announced its compliance with GDPR. You can find more information here about their compliance, which includes links to their privacy policy and data processing agreement.