https://tmhlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Call
Articles
Blog
Contact
Need Legal Assistance? Call Us: (215) 592-8080
Menu
Home
Practice Areas
Workers’ Compensation
Products Liability
Pedestrian Injuries
Personal Injury
Car/Truck/Cycle Accidents
Employment Discrimination
Fair Labor Standards Act
Longshoreman Injuries
Social Security Disability
Medical Malpractice
Nursing Home Abuse
Do I Have A Claim?
Testimonials
About
Meet the Team
St. Thomas More
Video blog
Articles
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is important to us.  We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
During your visit as you browse through our website, read pages, or download information, we may collect and store the following anonymous information about your visit:
the date and time you access our site;
the pages you visit on our site;
if you navigate to our site by clicking a link, the location of that link;
the technical capabilities of the computer you use to access our site;
the internet service provider you use to connect to our site (for example “companyX.com” if you have a commercial internet account, or “universityX.edu” if you connect from a university); and
the IP address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the internet) from which you access our site.
We may use this information, in the aggregate, to make our website more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology used, to detect operational problems, and to improve the website’s overall security.
INFORMATION THAT YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE
Personal Information
We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us. If you voluntarily provide us with personal information, for example by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website, we primarily use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information or services that you request.
ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP
Details regarding information shared and Attorney-Client relationships can be found in our Terms of Use.
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
tmh@tmhlaw.com
Contact Us Today!
Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Resources | Find us on Google Plus | Find us on Google Earth
Copyright 2014 Law Offices of Thomas More Holland. All Rights Reserved. Call Us: (215) 592-8080 | 1522 Locust Street Philadelphia, PA 19102