https://transcendentalmeditation.org.nz/privacy/
Home
What is TM
FAQ
How do I learn
Where do I learn
Contact
HomeWhat is TMFAQHow do I learnWhere do I learnContact
TM info and preparation lectures
Gisborne Sunday 13 December 2020 at 10:30 AM and Sunday 20 December 2020 at 10:30 AM
Limited seating. Reserve your seat at the bottom of this page.
Privacy & Cookie PolicyThis page shares our privacy & cookie policy.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy version 29.2 is effective from May 25th, 2018.
When you interact with us through our website, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can review and delete your information. If you have any concerns, questions or requests please contact us.
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
1. Information we may collect from you
2. Confidentiality and security
3. Newsletters or other electronic communications
4. Tracking technologies
5. Where we store your personal information
6. Uses made of the information
7. Disclosure of your information
8. Links to other sites
9. Social Media Widgets
10. Reviewing your information
11. Deleting your information
12. Contact us
1. Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Personal information submitted through enquiry forms or event booking such as Intro Talk registrations, TM course registrations etc, including, for example, your name, e-mail address, telephone and the nature of your enquiry.
Information about your usage of the Website and information collected by tracking technologies as further described below that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual.
Information collected via tracking technologies, as fully described below.
2. Confidentiality and security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. We do not provide your personal information to any third party.
3. Newsletters or other electronic communications
If you sign up to receive email newsletters or promotional materials from us we will use the information you give us to provide the communications you have requested.
If you inform us that you wish to cancel email newsletters or promotional materials by selecting unsubscribe at the bottom of such communication or by contacting us, we will remove you from our mailing list.
If you provide your phone number through the website Info Session booking system, then you may receive a phone call or an SMS reminder message indicating the date and time of the Info Session.
4. Tracking technologies
Our organization and our analytics partners, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to enable tracking of our Website and the mechanism by which you arrived there, either through internet search or in response to an advertisement through third party providers such as Facebook or Google. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities within the Website to deliver such advertising to you, such as retargeting ads. We currently do not respond to do-not-track signals. For more information about interest-based ads, including how to opt-out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioural advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You may continue to receive generic ads on these third party platforms. You may also opt out of receiving ads across devices by adjusting your ad preference in your Google account.
The Website uses Google Analytics code to gather statistical information. Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the Website and the volumes of usage of the Website. This is done to ensure that the Websites are available when you want them and are fast. For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information, visit “www.google.com/analytics”.
Log information
When you use our website we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
details of how you used our service, such as which pages you visited.
Internet protocol (IP) address
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser
5. Where we store your personal information
All information you provide to us through the Website is stored on our secure servers located in Ireland. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology; all payment information is stored with our payment processor and is never stored on our servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
6. Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content provided by the website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device.
To provide you with information, products or services related to our service offering that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, unless you have requested that we not provide this information.
To provide you with customer service communications.
To carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the website, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to the Website or news about TM.
To serve our advertisements to you through third party platforms, such as Facebook or Google, on other sites and apps or across your devices.
To provide you with the SMS Service.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to and interactions with the Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to companies that host advertisements on our behalf, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target.
7. Disclosure of your information
As part of any normal business practice, we may disclose your personal information to any employee, volunteer or contractor working for our organization.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
In some circumstances, based on your specific requests, we may need to disclose your personal information to a third party so that they can provide a service you have requested from such party, or fulfil a request for information from such party. An example of this is the SMS Service. It is the responsibility of any third party that you authorize to receive data to protect that information in accordance with applicable laws, and use it only to provide the services or information you have requested.
If our service providers (like hosting, market analytics, and payment service providers) require this information to provide services to us.
With third parties, such as Facebook, in order to serve our advertisements on such third party platforms.
We require any person working for us, any service provider or any third party, to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information disclosed to them.
8. Links to other sites
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these external websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these external websites.
9. Social Media Widgets
Our website may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button, or interactive mini-programs. These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
10. Reviewing or correcting your information
If you would like to know which information we hold for you, please contact us and mention the email address you used to register initially and we will inform you which information we currently have on file for you.
If you would like to correct the information we hold for you, please contact us and mention the email address you used to register initially and mention the information that is incorrect and what it needs to be corrected to and we will correct your information and inform you when it is done.
11. Deleting your information
If we have had no interaction with you for a period of 3 years and we have no more reason to keep your information, we will automatically delete your information from our side.
If you from your side would like to permanently delete your information from our database, please contact us and mention the email address you used to register initially and the support team will delete you from our database manually.
12. Contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy version 29.2 is effective from May 25th, 2018.
Cookies are small text files – containing nothing more than letters and numbers – which are downloaded by your computer when you access and use certain websites. Cookies allow websites to recognise devices and provide content accordingly.
This page provides you with clear information on how this site uses cookies, how you can disable them (if you should wish to) and the effects of doing so. For more information on what cookies are and how they are used on the Internet, please see the information on the independent site www.allaboutcookies.org and the Wikipedia article on HTTP cookies.
1. Accepting/ disabling all cookies
We recommend that you accept all cookies from our website as they have been selected to enhance the functionality and service provided to you. If you disable any of these cookies then you may impair the functionality of the website and you may not experience all its features in the way it was designed to be enjoyed.
If you do wish to disable these cookies, we recommend that you set your browser to disable cookies for this site. Generally the option appears under “Tools” or “Settings” in a section called “Privacy” and is intuitive. Different browsers provide this feature differently so please refer to your browser help section for detailed information. Alternatively, Internet search for “Disabling cookies with X browser” where X is your browser name.
We cannot accept responsibility for any diminished service level should you choose to disable cookies.
2. Accepting/disabling specific cookies
We are working to provide you with the ability to manage your cookie preferences within our website but this is currently under development. In the meantime, we have detailed all the cookies set by this website, their purpose and details of how to opt out where available.
The tables below, which explain the cookies we use and why, are based on the International Chamber of Commerce guide for cookie categories – Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality and Targeting. The information is updated regularly but if a discrepancy is found then please contact us.
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies
These include session and load balancer cookies. A load balancer may be used by our website to store an identifier on your browser to ensure that, where possible, you remain connected to the same web server throughout your visit to improve your experience. Session cookies enable our individual web servers to keep track of your progress throughout your visit. These cookies expire when you leave the website and contain no personally identifiable information.
2. Performance Cookies
The cookies set by Google Analytics are used to help us gather information about how this website is used by its visitors. The information is not personally identifiable. We use this to help us improve services and to better understand your requirements. Google Analytics is a free service, provided by Google, and uses several cookies. More information on the cookies that are set through our use of Google Analytics can be found on Google’s Cookies & Google Analytics page. If you wish to disable these cookies then please use the opt-out browser add-on supplied by Google. You can also alternatively set your browser to reject all or certain cookies. Disabling cookies set by Google Analytics will provide no reduced service to you, but it will mean that we will not be able to capture detailed information about the experience of our users online, nor will we be able to track and improve the level of service our website is providing to users.
3. Functionality Cookies
These are used to bring social sharing functionality to the site.
4. Targeting Cookies
These cookies are governed by third party services such as ‘like’ and ‘share’ buttons and advertisements. They are used to collect information about your browsing habits and deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interest. They include Facebook cookies. We use targeting cookies to send third parties information on your visit so that they can make their advertising more relevant to you when you visit their websites.
5. YouTube Cookies
Some of our web pages contain embedded video content from YouTube. When you visit a page with an embedded YouTube video, or click to view the video, you may be presented with cookies from YouTube. We do not control the setting of these cookies. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
What the Media is saying about TM
What successful TM practitioners say
Hugh Jackman
Oprah Winfrey
David Lynch
Paul McCartney
Clint Eastwood
William Hague
Katy Perry
George Lucas
Jerry Seinfeld
Moby
Gwyneth Paltrow
Martin Scorcese
Ellen Degeneres
Rupert Murdoch
Dr. Oz
Dilma Rousseff
What people are saying
I have done so many meditation courses, but there was always something that felt not right; I missed something. I did not feel satisfied. When I learned TM, it felt just like coming home to me. Finally I have found it.
Nina
This technique is truly one of a kind.
I am meditating now for almost 30 years and my general health is excellent, especially when compared to my peers. Not only did it make my creativity grow remarkably, but also my ability to deal with a team of employees and actors in an inspiring and stimulating way.
I am still amazed on a daily basis to see how such a simple, natural technique can generate so many positive effects. And it is also nice to do.
Willy
Learn Transcendental Meditation in Gisborne
Gisborne, NZ Click here for map
TM Introductory Lectures
The Lectures are free. Please register below.
Date and time
Time
Sunday 13 December 2020, 10:30 AM
Online Webinar
10:30 AM
Reserve your seat
Reserve
×
Sunday 20 December 2020, 10:30 AM
Online Webinar
10:30 AM
Reserve your seat
Reserve
×
Sunday 27 December 2020, 10:30 AM
Online Webinar
10:30 AM
Reserve your seat
Reserve
×
Sunday
3 January 2021, 10:30 AM
Online Webinar
10:30 AM
Reserve your seat
Reserve
×
Sunday 10 January 2021, 10:30 AM
Online Webinar
10:30 AM
Reserve your seat
Reserve
×
Didn't find a date that suits you. We can notify you when new TM intro lectures are planned.
Get Notified
Get Notified
×
Gisborne TM Center
Gisborne, NZ
TM Teachers
Grant Wilson
020 444 3000
TM Courses
Click here for the dates of TM courses (for people who have already attended an introductory lecture)
Other seminar locations in New Zealand
TM: the experience
1. Transcending = Being your Self
2. Activating the healing power of your body
3. Deep inner happiness and peace
4. The highest human experience
5. Develops full brain potential
6. The fastest way to a better world
Learn more about the Transcendental Meditation Technique
TM: the technique
1. Easy, enjoyable, effective – no comparison with other techniques
2. A technique, not a religion or lifestyle
3. Taught by trained professionals
4. TM research: Highest quality
5. Since 1958. 6 million people learned
6. Reimbursed by health insurers?
Who is Maharishi?
Privacy Policy
How do I learn TM
Where can I learn TM
FAQ
Contact
* Disclaimer: You should never stop a conventional treatment without consultation with your doctor.
Also no results can be guaranteed as individual results may vary.
Copyright 2018 Maharishi Foundation Inc., New Zealand
Transcendental Meditation, founded by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi is available in New Zealand from Maharishi Foundation Inc., registered NZ educational charity number CC10445.