https://transremote.com.au/privacy/
Privacy
Trans Remote Assistance Privacy Statement
We (Trans Remote) treat your privacy very seriously and will never rent, sell or provide your name, address, email address, or personal information to any third party without your consent. However, we must co-operate where we are required by law or legal processes to provide information about a customer.
We will ensure that all personal information remains private and secure.
Trans Remote does not distribute or sell its mailing lists to third parties.
When you register for inclusion on the Trans database, or sign up for other services at Trans Remote, we collect personal identifying information from you, which may include the following:
-First and last name
-Home or other physical address
-Email address
-Phone number
This information is collected because in most activities we need to contact you (eg: Subscription to TransMail, distribution of service materials). All such information will be used only for the purposes stated at the location of the collection and/or within this Privacy Statement.
Information related to Web site activity is routinely gathered including the number of people who visit the site, the pages they visit, how long they stay, etc. Data is collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means no personally identifiable information is associated with the data. Data is compiled into statistical reports that help us improve site content and are not shared with other organisations.
Personally identifiable information is collected only when site visitors voluntarily and explicitly provide it. Completion of the Online Registration or e-mail communication from visitors are examples of this type of information collection.Email Privacy And Security
Email Privacy And Security
Comments or questions sent to us via email will be shared with the staff and/or advisors most capable of addressing your questions and concerns. We will retain your email until we have made our best effort to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response and then we either discard it, or in some cases, archive it.
The email links at our site do not provide a means for completely secure and private communications between us (unless you have encryption ability). Your email, like most non-encrypted Internet Email communications, may be accessed and viewed without your knowledge or permission while in transit to us. If you consider the information you are communicating to be too sensitive, please do not use email. Instead, contact us by telephone at the numbers provided on the Contact page.
Access To Your Files
As a registered candidate with Trans Remote, you are entitled to access any of your personal information and related files. You are also entitled to request for your information to be destroyed, changed or temporarily rendered “inactive”.
advertised jobs
Duty Manager
November 17, 2020
Takeaway Manager
November 17, 2020
Workshop Manager /
Mechanic
November 14, 2020
Senior Officer – Children’s and Youth Services (Roving)
October 14, 2020
Children’s Services Coordinator
October 14, 2020
Employment Pathway Advisors
September 22, 2020
Infrastructure Officer
August 31, 2020
Campaign
You’ll Never Know Until You Give It A Go
Win-Win…How Parallel Recruitment Works For Employers