https://tray.com/privacy
TRAY Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 02/08/2018
This privacy policy governs your use of the Tray software application and any associated services or websites created by Vendsy, Inc. (collectively, the “Service”).
What information does the Service obtain?
User Provided Information: The Service obtains the information you provide when you register and/or use the Service. When you register with us and/or use the Service, you generally provide: (a) your name, email address, age, username, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, use loyalty programs, or respond to any offers; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information used for purchases, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Service, such as contact information.
Automatically Collected Information: In addition, the Service may collect certain information automatically, such as: the type of device, operating system, and internet browser you use, your device’s unique device ID and IP address, information about the way you use the Service, and the real-time location of the device you use.
How does the Service use the information it obtains?
We use both kinds of information in order to provide you with the Service, including but not limited to: placing orders, making transactions, accumulating loyalty points, collecting and redeeming offers, checking in at venues, providing customer support, and other features of Tray.
We may also use the information you provided us to improve the Service; display advertising to you; or to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Service?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
to the venues with which you use the Service to transact (for example, checking in, ordering, and using loyalty programs and offers)
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf (for example, the credit card companies who process your transactions), who have signed an agreement with us which requires them to protect your data and have agreed not to use your data except as instructed by us
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
The Service may be supported via advertising, and collect data to help the Service serve ads. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Service is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Service which helps us keep the cost of the Service low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Service, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties cannot identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Service and elsewhere.
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by stopping use of the Service and, if you have downloaded the mobile application to your mobile device, uninstalling the application from your mobile device.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain data for as long as you use the Service and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Service, please delete your account within the Service using the mobile application, or contact us at support@tray.com and we will respond within a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Service to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.
Security
We care deeply about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Service, use strong encryption, and conduct employee background checks. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. To enhance the safety and security of sensitive information including credit card data, we adhere to the highest level of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, and undergo annual third-party assessments of our compliance.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
By using the Service, you are consenting to our processing and use of User Provided and Automatically Collected information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us from time to time. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Service and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Service, please contact us via email at support@tray.com.
Login        Careers         Contact        Blog
Service Agreement    Terms of Use    License Agreement    Privacy Policy
TRAY® is a Registered Trademark of Vendsy, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TRAY® is Protected by Patents and Patents Pending.