https://tribemagazine.com/privacy.html
TRIBE® Privacy Statement
Our Commitment
TRIBE® has always been committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. This Privacy Statement explains the current information management practices on our websites.
Since the earliest days of the internet in Canada we have been very careful with our data practices.
Tribe Magazine was the very first online magazine in Canada, going live in 1993. We take this stuff very seriously.
When you visit our websites, we will not collect your personal information unless you ask us to do so, or choose to use and receive online products and services that require it.
Cookies
Some TRIBE® Web sites use cookies. Cookies are generally used to make it more convenient for users to move around our web sites. For example, and if you choose, they may be used to 'remember' your password and make it easier and faster to log-in to certain sites. These types of cookies need to be stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies used by TRIBE® are encrypted to make the information in cookies unreadable to anyone except our servers.
Advertising
We manage and serve all advertising across our owned & operated properties
locally from our own servers. We do not use third part ad tech. We made a decision in June of 2019 to remove all third party ad code from the tribe family of sites including tribe magazine at tribemagazine.com, and sister site tribe cannabis goldsmith at tribe.ca. We do not touch out to third party ad servers like Google for any reason so no user data is shared with them. We have also removed facebook tracking code from our domains.
Your personal data
We have never sold your personal data and never will.
More information
Some of our Web sites link to other sites created and maintained by other companies or organizations. We provide these links solely for your information and convenience. When you link to an outside Web site, you are leaving a TRIBE® Web site and our information management policies no longer apply.
If you have additional questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at the address below:
Privacy - Officer
TRIBE COMMUNICATIONS INC.
358 Danforth Avenue
Toronto, ON M4K 3Z2
CANADA
TRIBE® is a registered trademark
*Tribe is a trademark of Alex Dordevic, and is used under license.
Go back to
TRIBE®