https://trickleup.org/terms/
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Trickle Up is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our donors, subscribers and visitors to our website.
Update on privacy policy & Blackbaud incident
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (“Policy”) is our policy regarding maintaining the privacy of personal information we may collect online, including but not limited to this trickleup.org (“the Website”), and offline. This Policy describes the privacy practices we undertake, the data we collect, how we secure that data, and how long we retain that data. It also includes the terms of use governing the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy applies regardless of how you access our website – whether by personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise.  We are committed to processing your information in compliance with the GDPR upon its effectiveness on May 25, 2018. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Regulation concerning the use and processing of personal information.
By visiting this website, you consent to Trickle Up’s use of any information that you provide or that we collect in accordance with the terms and conditions of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, do not visit or use this website.
Your rights
We are committed to honoring your right to privacy. With this in mind, it is important that we inform you of certain rights available to you with respect to the information that you provide to us.
Right of Access:  You have the right to be informed of and request access to your information;
Right to Rectification: You have the right to request that we amend or update your information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to Erasure: You have the right to request that we delete your information;
Right to Restrict: You have the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your information;
Right to Object: You have the right to object to your information being processed for direct marketing purposes;
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to request a copy of your information in electronic format and the corresponding right to transmit that information for use elsewhere; and
Right not to be Subject to Automated Decision-Making: You have the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision-making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
It is important that you understand these rights and know that you are free to exercise each of them with respect to your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described below. In your request, please indicate (a) what information is concerned, and (b) which of the above rights you would like to enforce.
Information we collect & track
Trickle Up collects and retains two types of information about Website visitors:
personal information that visitors provide when interacting on the Website, or voluntarily at certain other points (such as via forms or emails)
anonymous tracking data, which is automatically collected from every Website visitor, (collectively, “information”)
Personal information may be required if visitors wish to sign up for email lists, make donations, register for an event, respond to a survey, or access restricted sections of the Website. Information may include a user’s name, job roles, affiliations, postal and email addresses, or other elements of personal information required to process your request.
Users should use caution in submitting information on publicly accessible sections of the website (i.e., comments, user profiles, shared documents) as such information is publicly available and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge or consent.
The anonymous tracking data we record includes, without limitation, information regarding the number and frequency of users to the Website, the websites that users access before and after they visit the Website, the Internet software used by our users to access the Website, and our users’ IP addresses and Internet service providers. We use this information to improve our website, our operations, and our client service.
Trickle Up does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from minors without the consent of a parent or guardian. If you believe that we might have any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Protecting your privacy
As part of our commitment to ensuring the privacy of subscribers and donors, we do not sell or exchange names, phone numbers, e-mail or physical addresses, or any other personally identifiable subscriber or donor information, whether collected online or offline, with any third party and will not without your expressed permission. Nor will we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. The information we collect is used to:
provide improved online content and services
customize the content for each individual user
verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
We take reasonable precautions to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Personal information is stored on our server, and secured by a third party provider, and is not publicly accessible. Further, personal information is only accessed by our employees on a “need to know” basis. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Additionally, sensitive data, such as that which is necessary for making online gifts, such as credit card numbers, are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures, to provide an additional level of security. We encourage you to take all appropriate security measures when providing us with information – such as using and limiting access to your credit card and banking information and access to your computers, personal electronic devices, and web browsers.
We keep your information only as long as necessary to support our charitable mission. As set forth above, you have various rights with respect to the retention of your information, including, but not limited to, the right to request that we delete your information (by writing to us at the physical address or email address supplied below). We will honor your request, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain your information – such as to:
process any outstanding or unresolved charitable donation
meet our legal, tax, audit, or accounting obligations
comply with legal process or court order, and/or
protect the rights, property, security, or safety of Trickle Up, Website users or the public
respond to an emergency and/or
confirm your identity
Correcting or updating collected information
Upon request, Trickle Up will make good-faith efforts to provide users with any personal information about them that is gathered and maintained and to correct this information if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at the user’s request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected, or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. Users can make such requests by contacting us at the above addresses or phone number.
Use of content
All content on this site, including photos and documents, is provided “as is” without any endorsement or warranty, whether express or implied. In no event is Trickle Up liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the viewing or use of such content. Content other than photos may be used for non-commercial or educational purposes only. Photos may not be used without explicit permission from the photographers and/or Trickle Up. Please contact us if you are interested in using these images.
Online donations
Trickle Up works with third-party vendors to process donations and event registration services that include the processing of credit card transactions via Blackbaud Merchant Services and Give Lively/Stripe. Such third parties may require personally identifying information to process the request in a secure environment. These sites use industry-standard encryption and secure web pages for transmission of credit card information to keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete. Such information may be shared with Trickle Up to allow us to confirm such transactions and/or to complete the transaction. We process such information under this privacy policy. Trickle Up does not give permission for the processor nor the third party to share personally identifying information in any way unrelated to the specific transaction.
Use of cookies
Our servers may use “cookies” (a small data file) to track a user’s activity within our site. Cookies do not gather personal information such as email addresses. The information provided by cookies allows Trickle Up to measure user trends (such as which domains refer users to our site), to allow us to provide personalized content where available, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer this website more effectively, and to gather broad geographic information about where users are accessing our site from. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but this may limit your access to some features of the site.
Links to other sites
This website may provide links to third party websites. While we make efforts to choose our links carefully, we take no responsibility for the content or privacy policy of linked websites.
Privacy Policy changes
Trickle Up maintains the option to change this privacy policy at any time by posting a new version of it to our website. Please review this privacy policy periodically to stay abreast of any changes that may have been made to it, because your continued use of our website after the date that such changes are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Contacting Trickle Up
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or if you would like to review your personal information and/or request a correction, please email us.
Email us
Not Handmade
by Trickle Up | September 18, 2020 | Featured Home 1, Videos | 0 Comments
Emergency Fund will Build Pipeline in Guatemala to Stem Future Flooding
by Bill Abrams | December 9, 2020 | Blog Posts, Featured Home 2 | 0 Comments
Turning Lessons Into Sustainable Action: Session Two
by Trickle Up | December 10, 2020 | Featured Home 3, Videos | 0 Comments
More Stories
Please share your location to continue