https://trilbymissolawyers.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Trilby Misso Lawyers manages personal information in line with the Information Privacy Act 2009.
We collect and manage your personal information as described on this page, unless stated otherwise. ‘Personal information’ may include your name, address, phone number, email address, age, gender, your employer, your position title and other relevant information for your enquiry to be assessed.
Information we may request
We may ask you to provide personal information through this site. We will only do this:
to meet your needs (e.g. answer a question, provide a service)
to meet our needs (e.g. demographic analysis) if required by law.
Use and disclosure of personal information
We will not add you to a mailing list, or give your personal information to third parties without your consent, unless required by law.
Emails
Our privacy principles apply to emails as well.
Our internet service provider or information technology staff may monitor email traffic for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes only
Cookies
We use cookies to collect anonymous statistical information, including:
your browser, computer platform and screen resolution
your traffic patterns through our site, such as:
the date and time of your visit
the pages and documents accessed
the website you visited before ours
your server address
We do not identify users or any browser activity outside this website, except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may have a warrant to inspect activity logs.
Transactional services available from this site may use cookies to track business processes. Please read the particular service’s privacy and security statement before beginning a transaction.
Website analytics
We use Google Analytics (including display advertising features) on our website to gather anonymous information about visitors to our website. When you visit our web pages, your browser automatically sends anonymous information to Google. Examples of the information include the web address of the page that you’re visiting, your IP address and demographic information. Google may also use cookies.
We use this data to analyse the pages that are visited, to improve your experience and make sure our website is useful.
You can read more here about how Google uses data. You can choose not to allow Google to collect your information by opting out of Google Analytics or specifically opt out of Google Analytics display advertiser features.
Security
Parts of this site transmit information securely across the internet. However this is not always feasible. We recognise that there may be risks transmitting information across the internet. We will notify you where personal information is not transmitted securely.
Where this site contains links to other websites, the privacy or security terms set out there will apply to the material on the websites.
Where this site contains links to other websites, Trilby Misso Lawyers is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of any such websites.
More information
Please Contact us if you would like to know more about information privacy.
Talk to Trilby, for all the right reasons.
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
PHONE
EMAIL
HOW DID YOU HEAR ABOUT US?
Referred by Friend or FamilyGoogleRadioBillboardsExisting Client
TYPE OF ENQUIRY
Please Choose OneCar, Truck, Bus or Other Vehicle Injury EnquiryBike Injury EnquiryWork Injury EnquiryPublic or Private Place Injury EnquiryTPD / Superannuation Insurance EnquiryMedical Negligence EnquiryInstitutional AbuseOther Type of Injury EnquiryOther Non-Injury Related Enquiry
PLEASE BRIEFLY TELL US WHAT HAPPENED
×