https://tsiyon.org/terms-of-service/
Terms Of Service - Tsiyon Road Messianic Radio
[jks-player]
Tsiyon Road Messianic Radio
Home
About
Bulletin
Free Content
Music
Schedule
Members
Contact
Terms Of Service
Home »  Terms Of Service
Acceptance of Terms
Welcome to tsiyon.org, tsiyon.net, tsiyon.info, or other individual website in this family of websites, all of which are known herein collectively as “The Service.” Tsiyon, provider of The Service, provides The Service to you subject to the following Terms of Service, which may occasionally be updated without notice to you. By using The Service you agree to these Terms of Service, including any modifications or amendments made hereto and any posted guidelines or rules which may occasionally be posted at The Service. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms of Service.
Description of Service
Tsiyon is a global Messianic Ministry directly subordinate to the Kingdom of Elohim (a/k/a “Kingdom of God”) and is devoted exclusively to performing sacred duty, both temporal and spiritual, to said Kingdom, with authority derived from said Kingdom to perform its sacred duty, in accordance with the dictates of Holy Scripture and the unction of the Holy Spirit. As such, Tsiyon claims to be, and is legally defined as, a Church and Religious Order in accordance with IRC 508(c)(1)(A), recognizing the unalienable rights of Churches and Religious Orders to operate without oversight or infringement of secular government, and is entitled to the full protection of the First Amendment of the United States Constitution in the USA, and of all similar protections respecting an establishment of religion and the free exercise thereof in all other countries wherein Tsiyon performs its sacred duty.
The Service provides users with access to a rich collection of various online resources, including audio and video streaming and downloading, as well as books, articles and other content, for the purpose of spiritual ministry to users. All materials offered at the website involving an electronic transaction are offered as ministry gifts to ministry donors. Any amount specified with a payment button is a suggested donation only, and another donation, or no donation, may be made by mail or phone if the donor so chooses. All funds received via the website are therefore free will donations. All donations are final and are not subject to refunds or returns. Tsiyon will, however, replace materials sent out to donors that are not received in good order, if requested to do so. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features which augment or enhance The Service, including the release of new content of any kind, shall be subject to the Terms of Service.
No Resale of Service
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of The Service, use of The Service, or access to The Service.
Dealings With Advertisers and Other Third Parties
Due to the nature of the internet, links and contact information of advertisers and other third parties may sometimes come to you through use of The Service. Tsiyon does not assume responsibility for the beliefs and/or actions of all such advertisers and third parties. You are responsible for your own due diligence respecting all such advertisers and third parties. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in contests or promotions of, advertisers and other third parties found on or through The Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. You agree that Tsiyon shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on The Service.
Links
As with most any website, when you visit The Service you may be linked to other outside sites such as sites operated by advertisers, sponsors, and partners, which may display a logo of The Service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information outside of our control. Consequently, such sites are not subject to the Tsiyon Terms Of Service or Privacy Policy and Tsiyon is not responsible for the Terms Of Service or Privacy Policy of such other sites, nor for the use of any information such sites may collect.
Tsiyon’s Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service (“Software”) contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that all Content, including that contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or other third parties, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Tsiyon, its advertisers or the appropriate third party, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on The Service, Content or the Software, in whole or in any part.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio files, and software is the property of Tsiyon or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All interviews granted to Tsiyon and published by Tsiyon are the property of Tsiyon. Music provided to Tsiyon by agreement from outside copyright holders remains the property of such copyright holders. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Tsiyon or other copyright holders and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Tsiyon or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All comments and testimonials submitted for publication on this site thereby become the property of Tsiyon, under copyright of this site, and will not be removed by request of those leaving such comments. If you don’t want your comment seen by others, don’t click the “post comment” and/or “submit” button because all such voluntary submissions for publication on the website are final. Any use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
Tsiyon’s trademarks or logos may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Tsiyon’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Tsiyon. All other trademarks or logos not owned by Tsiyon or its affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Tsiyon or its affiliates.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY TSIYON ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. TSIYON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, TSIYON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TSIYON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. TSIYON RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE OR CANCEL MEMBERSHIP TO ANY PERSON AT ANY OF OUR WEBSITES FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON AND WILL BE HELD HARMLESS FOR SAME.
General Information
The Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and Tsiyon and govern your use of The Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Tsiyon relating to the use of The Service. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The failure of Tsiyon to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to The Service and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding these terms of service you may contact us using the contact form on this site or by using the information below.
http://tsiyon.org
Tsiyon A130-425
5701 W Slaughter LN
Austin, TX 78749
USA
postmaster[at]tsiyon[dot]org
Log-in to the Membership Site
TuneIn for your Mobile DeviceCheck out our Latest Video
© Tsiyon Road Messianic Radio | Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy |
Tsiyon Legacy Site | Mail
Go to our Membership Site Tsiyon.net
X