https://tsra.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Texas State Rifle Association
My Account
Home
ABOUT US
About Us
News
Legislative News
TSRA BYLAWS
Contact
JOIN
Join Today
Member Benefits
STORE
CALENDAR
Calendar View
General Events
Matches
Match Results Archive
Gun Shows
PROGRAMS
Youth Programs
TSRA/TSRAF 2020-2021 Scholarship Applications Deadline – June 15, 2020
Women’s Programs
Hunting and Wildlife
DISCIPLINES
Action Pistol
BB Gun
Cowboy Action Shooting
Lever Action Rifle Silhouette
High Power Rifle
High Power Service Rifle
Outdoor Conventional Pistol
Pistol Silhouette
Police Pistol Combat
Precision Pistol
Smallbore Rifle
Sporting Clays
Trap
0
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Total:
$0.00
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
TSRA PRIVACY POLICY
Updated with posted changes: September 17, 2019
Privacy
TSRA realizes how important privacy is to our membership. Therefore, we have adopted the following policy to advise you of your choices regarding the use of your personal information online. This policy describes what types of information we gather about you, how we use it, under what circumstances we disclose it to third parties, and how you can update it.
Information Collection
We gather certain broad information about website use including the number of unique visitors, the frequency with which they visit, and the programs and services preferred. We look at the data in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. We gather this information so we can learn how many people visit TSRA sites, which pages are the most and least viewed, and which websites are referring visitors to our sites. We use this information to help us in restructuring sites to meet our members’ needs. TSRA sites do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
TSRA sites and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age. We are committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Of course, the TSRA also encourages parents to discuss privacy issues with their children.
We compile lists for communications and marketing purposes. We will provide that information to TSRA affinity partners who we believe provide goods and/or services that might be useful to TSRA members. Contracts with these companies require them to keep the member information strictly confidential and prohibit them from using it for any other purpose. You may ask us to remove you from the lists by: (1) emailing from our Contact Us page; (2) calling us at 1-512-615-4200; or (3) writing to us at Texas State Rifle Association, PO Box 1090, Del Valle, Texas 78617. We do not provide member information to telemarketers, mailing list brokers, or other companies that are not offering TSRA-endorsed services or benefits. Third parties do not collect personally identifiable information about the online activities of individuals who visit TSRA sites.
Cookies
The TSRA online network utilizes a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how our sites are used. Cookies are small strings of text stored on your computer’s hard drive by a Web server. For example, session cookies identify your computer during a particular session to track the items you have placed in your “shopping cart” during a visit to our online stores.
TSRA uses cookies in conjunction with third parties (such as Facebook and Google) to provide measurement on marketing campaigns and send targeted advertisements to internet users. TSRA does not use any personally identifiable information when targeting users for advertisements. Using cookies allows personally identifiable information to remain undisclosed.
If you would like to opt-out of cookie collection, you can disable and or block third-party cookies in the settings section of your internet browser. If you would like to choose which third parties can use cookies on your internet browser and or see a list of the third parties which are using cookies on your internet browser, you can visit: www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to access certain interactive features and services offered on TSRA sites.
IP Addresses
We collect and analyze traffic on our websites by keeping track of the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of our visitors.
Personal Information
You may be asked to provide different types of personal information, including your name, date of birth, email address, mailing address or telephone number. Particular services may request storage of additional information such as your billing address, credit card number and expiration date. Credit card information is stored in an encrypted state on our credit card processor’s site, and not on tsra.com. For example, we may ask for information to process your membership application, facilitate an online store purchase, or register for one of our events. There are also optional opportunities for you to share your preferences and interests.
Control of Personal Information
Opt Out
We also use your information to send you notices in the mail or by email about special member benefits, discounts and offers. If you do not wish to receive mailings, you can: (1) opt out of email lists immediately by following the instructions at the bottom of each email; (2) email us using our Contact Us page, (3) call us at 1-512-615-4200; or (4) write to us at Texas State Rifle Association, PO Box 1090, Del Valle, Texas 78617.
Editing Your Personal Information
Ways you can edit or update your personal information: (1) visiting www.tsra.com/Member Login/; Enter your member number or email address and password (if you have logged in since February 1, 2019). If you have not yet logged in or forgotten your password, click on Lost your password? and an email will be sent to your email address to reset your password. (2) calling us at 1-512-615-4200; or (3) writing to us at Texas State Rifle Association, PO Box 1090, Del Valle, Texas 78617.
The GDPR and Additional Information for Individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
To the extent that the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to the TSRA, if you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), it is your right to be informed of and to request a copy of the personal data TSRA holds about you. We also want to make sure your personal data is accurate and up-to-date; accordingly, you have a right to rectify or supplement your personal data. Under certain circumstances, you may also have a right to erase, restrict the processing of, transmit, or object to the processing of your personal data. If you would like to access, rectify, erase, restrict, transfer, or object to the processing of your personal data, please email us at *protected email* or write us at the following address:
Texas State Rifle Association
ATTN: Data Protection Officer
PO Box 1090
Del Valle, Texas 78617
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your requests, or we may ask you to provide us with additional information in connection with your request if we need to verify your identity or the nature of your request.
We may process your data based upon your consent, when it is necessary for services you request, when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, or for any other lawful basis of processing. For all personal data collected and processed based upon your consent, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you have additional questions, or concerns, please contact us at the above email or mailing address. If you remain dissatisfied, you can make a compliant with the applicable supervisory authority.
Data Security
We protect your personal information by using technologies and processes such as encryption, access control procedures, network firewalls, physical security and other measures. Data is secured in transit by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. Only authorized employees or agents with a legitimate business purpose are allowed to access your personal information. We train our employees and agents to implement and understand our privacy and confidentiality policies.
Please understand that the Texas State Rifle Association is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites linked to our sites or other third parties. When leaving a TSRA site using such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should review the applicable privacy policy of the other party.
Changes to This Policy
The Texas State Rifle Association may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we make changes to this Policy, you will see the word “updated” and the effective date beneath the Privacy Policy title. The Texas State Rifle Association encourages you to review this Policy periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contacting the Texas State Rifle Association
If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via the email, phone number or address shown below.
Online:
*protected email*
Phone:
1-512-615-4200
Mail:
Texas State Rifle Association
PO Box 1090
Del Valle, Texas 78617
TEXAS STATE RIFLE ASSOCIATION
PO Box 2140
Bastrop, TX 78602
HOTLINE: 866-897-4353 (TX-RIFLE)
LOCAL: 512-615-4200
© COPYRIGHT 2020, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Privacy Policy
Directors' Portal
Contact
Top