http://tuggle.it/privacy.cfm
Plans starting at only $15 a month!
Sign Up  :
About Us  :
Contact Us
We collect the e-mail addresses and certain personally identifiable information of those who communicate with us via e-mail or
register with us to open an Account. We also collect certain aggregate information regarding which pages users access or visit,
and information volunteered by the users.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service,
and it is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes,
except to provide products or services you've requested, or when it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or
take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats
to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
To Parents: Information Gathering and Usage
Tuggle uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
Tuggle follows the FTC guidelines for compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and Rule.
The amount of personal information requested of users during the sign up process is controlled by each Tuggle account's administrator. The following
information is always requested regardless:
First Name and Last Name
Date of Birth
Phone Number(s)
Gender
Email Address
Members can voluntarily choose to make their phone number(s) private on their profile. Private profile information
is only visible to account administrators.
If a Tuggle account has the "Address" profile field enabled, members who sign up for the account, that are under 18 years of age,
will have their street address automatically set to private (only administrators can view it).
Users who sign up that are under 13 (as determined by their date of birth) need parental approval before they can login to Tuggle.
Parental approval is granted by issuing a $0.01 charge to a credit card owned by the member's parent(s).
Tuggle accounts are localized. Members can only see profiles of other members in their same Tuggle account.
Parents, if your child is under 13 years of age and you want to remove their profile from Tuggle, contact the account administrator
of the appropriate Tuggle account. The administrator's email can be found in the top right corner of the Tuggle account's login page.
All personal information collected on Tuggle is done so directly from the member. No personal information is collected from
members through cookies or other passive means.
Tuggle uses every means available to safeguard the personal information of our members, including a secure physical location and a
protected electronic environment.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies are required to use the Tuggle service.
We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies. You are required to log-in to your Tuggle account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
Disclosure
Tuggle may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.
Changes to this Policy
Tuggle may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by posting a prominent notice on the Tuggle site and possibly sending a notice to the email address specified in your Account. We do not intend to reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Each version of this Policy will be identified at the bottom of the page by its effective date.
All questions regarding this privacy policy can be directed to: privacy@tuggle.it
COPPA Compliant
Safe for Kids
Home  :
Sign Up  :
About Us  :
Contact Us
:
Youth Jobs
:
Pool Rules
All content, text, and images copyright ©2007 - 2016.
Product usage is subject to the terms of service and privacy policy.