https://tulsaspca.org/how-you-can-help/
Our Commitment to Our Donors
The Tulsa SPCA values its donors without whom our work would not be possible. Thanks to the generosity of supporters like you, the Tulsa SPCA is able to maintain the financial and operational independence that allows us to improve the lives of dogs and cats, and their human companions.
We aim to tell you the stories of the joy and the challenges of our work with Tulsa’s homeless pets through our social media, publications, mailings and updates on our website.
We are grateful for your support and we aim to make it easy and fun for you to help us out.
Our Commitment to Tulsa
The Tulsa SPCA is not affiliated with any other SPCA or national organization. That means we depend on local support. Our operating budget comes from your donations — and the money stays here in Tulsa. We’re a hometown operation, relying on our website, social media outlets and you to spread the word of our mission. We do not broadcast television commercials featuring famous Canadian singer-songwriters. While the ASPCA operates in select areas beyond its New York headquarters, our emphasis is on the animals of Tulsa. By supporting the Tulsa SPCA, you are helping animals here in your own community, educating your neighbors and saving the pets in your neighborhood.
We Respect Your Privacy
We will not sell, share or trade your personal information with anyone else unless you give us specific permission to do so.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information when you interact with us by registering for an event, providing a donation, entering a giveaway and a variety of other opportunities. This information will be used to send you occasional mailings with information about our agency. You will always have a way to opt-out.
For donations processed through third-party services, donors’ information only will be used to process the contribution.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy occasionally. The date of the most recent Privacy Policy change is noted below. Any material changes will be mailed to the primary address we have on record and announced prominently on our website prior to implementation.
2910 Mohawk Blvd.
Tulsa, Oklahoma 74110
Phone – 918.428.SPCA (7722)
Fax – 918.428.2525
Email us at info@tulsaspca.org
MAILING ADDRESS
P.O. BOX 581898
Tulsa, Oklahoma 74158
ADOPTION HOURS Sunday: Closed
Monday-Saturday - By appointment only
LOW-COST VETERINARY CLINIC Spay/Neuter Services - Monday - Saturday - By appointment only: email spayneuter@tulsaspca.org to schedule an appointment
Low-Cost Vaccine Clinic - Tuesdays and Fridays - 9:30am-3pm (closed 12:30-1pm) - First come, first served
Every 2nd Saturday of the month - 9:30am-3pm (closed 12:30-1pm) - First come, first served
Minor Needs Clinic - Mondays and Thursdays - By appointment only: email minorneeds@tulsaspca.org to schedule an appointment
Amazon will donate a percentage of your purchase to the Tulsa SPCA when you shop via AmazonSmile.
© 2016 Tulsa SPCA. All Rights Reserved. Built by Asemio in partnership with 501tech.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy