https://tulsaspca.org/tulsa-spca-privacy-policy/
The Tulsa Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Tulsa SPCA) is committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit the Tulsa SPCA website without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL https://www.tulsaspca.org. This website is owned and operated by the Tulsa SPCA, located at 2910 Mohawk Boulevard, Tulsa, OK 74110, for the benefit of the general public, the animals we seek to rescue and other visitors interested in the Tulsa SPCA’s mission and operations.
The Tulsa SPCA reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.
How We Treat Your Information
Information You Voluntarily Provide:  The Tulsa SPCA collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us correspondence, utilize our services or complete any of our online forms, such as when you submit an adoption application, make a donation, attend an event, subscribe to an electronic newsletter, etc. Such information may include your name, mailing address, telephone numbers and e-mail address and other personal information.
Other Information:  The Tulsa SPCA also collects certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our web site. The Tulsa SPCA uses general visitor information for system administration and to monitor the use of our site.
Ways Information About You Is Used:   We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding animal-related issues we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding Tulsa SPCA programs, and to extend an invitation to you to support our programs or events. When we do so, our sole intent is to enlarge our family of informed animal advocates and organizational supporters and in doing so, help more animals find a home. Recipients of our electronic or other communications can “opt out” of future such communications by notifying us and we will remove them from future correspondence we send.
Sharing of Information:   We never make any personal information available to other organizations or sell our information to any source without your permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
Other Web Sites/Links:   This Privacy Policy only applies to www.tulsaspca.org. This site contains links to other websites that are not under The Tulsa SPCA’s control. The Tulsa SPCA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites that the Tulsa SPCA currently links to, please inform us by contacting us at info@tulsaspca.org.
Contacting the Tulsa SPCA:
If you would like to contact the Tulsa SPCA about any questions regarding this privacy policy, please e-mail us at info@tulsaspca.org or write to us at:
Tulsa SPCA
P.O. Box 581898
Tulsa, OK 74158
2910 Mohawk Blvd.
Tulsa, Oklahoma 74110
Phone – 918.428.SPCA (7722)
Fax – 918.428.2525
Email us at info@tulsaspca.org
MAILING ADDRESS
P.O. BOX 581898
Tulsa, Oklahoma 74158
ADOPTION HOURS Sunday: Closed
Monday-Saturday - By appointment only
LOW-COST VETERINARY CLINIC Spay/Neuter Services - Monday - Saturday - By appointment only: email spayneuter@tulsaspca.org to schedule an appointment
Low-Cost Vaccine Clinic - Tuesdays and Fridays - 9:30am-3pm (closed 12:30-1pm) - First come, first served
Every 2nd Saturday of the month - 9:30am-3pm (closed 12:30-1pm) - First come, first served
Minor Needs Clinic - Mondays and Thursdays - By appointment only: email minorneeds@tulsaspca.org to schedule an appointment
Amazon will donate a percentage of your purchase to the Tulsa SPCA when you shop via AmazonSmile.
© 2016 Tulsa SPCA. All Rights Reserved. Built by Asemio in partnership with 501tech.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy