https://twack.com/twacks-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Welcome
Welcome To Twack
TwAcKs’ Privacy Policy
Articles
All About Twack
TwAcK Is Whatever You want It To Be…
Together We All Create Kindness With Paying It Forward
TwAcKs Sunday Service
Twacks Foundation For The Future
Twacks Theory Of Evolution
Twack’s Life Of Pi
Twacks Thoughts On
Giving Of Oneself Without Conditions (Altruism)
Being Grateful Is More Than Saying Thank You
Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?
Twacks WAy
Twacks WAy-Forward
Twacks WAy-Building A Foundation
Twacks WAy-Forward
Sharing is caring!ShareTweetPinLinkedIn0sharesWho We Are
At www.TwAcK.com, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that www.TwAcK.com is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
We take your privacy seriously and take measures to provide all visitors and users of www.TwAcK.com with a safe and secure environment.
Cookies
www.TwAcK.COM may set and access WWW.TwAcK.com cookies on your computer.  Cookies are used to provide our system with the basic information to provide the services you are requesting.  Cookies can be cleared at any time from your internet browser settings.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.TwAcK.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to track things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and interactions with the site. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of visitors to our website.
Website Comments
When someone visits www.TwAcK.com, there may be an ability to submit comments on particular articles or pages.  When comments are submitted, you are entitled to use aliases or information that completely hides your identity. When a comment is submitted, the relevant details (name, email, website) that you provide are stored.  These details are stored so that we can display your comment back to you, and to anyone viewing the comment sections on the site. We do not verify information entered nor do we require verification.
Third Parties
There may be some circumstances where your IP address, geographic location, and other browser related details may be shared with third party companies.  We may share your above mentioned data with following third party companies from time to time.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer TwAcK at TwAcK@TwAcK.com and we will work with you to remove any of your personal data we may have.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy in the future, however, the most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be available to you.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you by an update or email, where possible. By continuing to access or use our services, you agree to be bound to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Should you require any further information or have any questions reagarding our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at twack@twack.com
Sharing is caring!ShareTweetPinLinkedIn0shares
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Search for:
Recent Posts
Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?
Being Grateful Is More Than Saying Thank You
Giving Of Oneself Without Conditions (Altruism)
Twack’s Life Of Pi
Twacks Theory Of Evolution
Twacks Foundation For The Future
Twacks WAy-Building A Foundation
Twacks WAy-Forward
TwAcKs Sunday Service
Recent CommentsTwack Romero on Welcome To TwackTwack Romero on Twacks Theory Of EvolutionHamish Scott on Welcome To TwackDom Valentine on Twacks Theory Of EvolutionTwack Romero on Giving Of Oneself Without Conditions (Altruism)Twack Romero on Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?Twack Romero on Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?Eden on Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?Debs on Homelessness: Who Are We Actually Giving To ?Archives Archives
Select Month February 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019 Categories All About Twack
Articles
Twacks Thoughts On
Twacks WAy
Welcome
Copyright © 2020 TWACK
Together We All Create Kindness — Primer WordPress theme by GoDaddy