http://txpd.org/terms_and_conditions_of_use.asp
Paralegal Division ::
Terms and Conditions of Use
Menu
State Bar of Texas
Paralegal Division
WE PROVIDE  leadership  professionalism  public service
HOME |
SEARCH
MY ACCOUNT |
TERMS
CART: 0 ITEMS =
$0.00
| CHECKOUT
ABOUT PD
CONTACT
MEMBERSHIP
MEMBERS ONLY
ETHICS
CLE / EVENTS
PD SPEAKERS
TPJ ONLINE
VENDORS
LINKS
FAQs
Terms and Conditions of Use
Use of this site is subject to the Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, and Copyright restrictions indicated below.
Disclaimer
The Paralegal Division of the State Bar of Texas ("PD"), on behalf of the State Bar of Texas, maintains this website for its members.  PD exercises its best efforts to maintain the timeliness, accuracy, and completeness of the contents herein.  While all information presented on this web site is deemed reliable, PD makes no representations or warranties as to its content.  The user of this system assumes all responsibility and risk for the use of this server and the Internet generally.  PD disclaims all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied with regard to the information accessed from, or via, this server or the Internet, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non infringement.  PD does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product or process disclosed on the server or other material accessible from the server.  In no event shall PD be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use data, or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the information on this server or the Internet generally.  Any PD material on this server may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.  PD has the right to make changes and updates to any information contained within this server without prior notice.
The information provided on this server is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, non infringement or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  No advice or information given by PD, or its respective members shall create any warranty.  PD makes no representation or warranty that the information on this server or on the Internet generally will be uninterruptible or error free or that any information, software or other material accessible from this server is free of viruses or other harmful components.
This web site is accessible by users worldwide.  It may contain references to goods and services that are not available at the user's locale.  This web site also contains links to third party web sites.  These links are provided as a convenience for its members, sponsors and site visitors.  PD makes no representation or warranties, express or implied, as to the content of any linked web site and is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by these sites.
Any trademarks and service marks displayed on this web site are the property of their respective owners.  Reference to any company, products, services, processes, hypertext links to third parties, publications or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, approval or recommendation by PD.  Product and service information is the sole responsibility of each individual vendor.  The PD name and logo and other trademarks and trade names owned by PD or the State Bar of Texas may not be used in any commercial manner without the prior written consent of PD.
By using this web site and any information contained therein, the user submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts of Travis County, Texas, to resolve disputes of any kind arising out of the user's reliance on the information on this web site, or any interaction with the sponsors involving said site.
The information contained in this web site, and any associated web sites, is provided as an informational service to the members of PD and the Internet community, and does not constitute legal advice nor serve as a source for legal advice.  PD presents this web site with a good-faith representation that the information it contains is generally reliable.  However, it makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained in or linked to this web site or any associated sites and information on this site should be not relied upon for legal advice.   You should not rely upon any information contained herein for any purpose without first seeking legal  advice from a duly licensed attorney who is competent to practice law in your jurisdiction.
Privacy
Personal Information
PD treats all communications with its members or web site visitors as private in nature. If PD is provided with personal information, including name, address, telephone number, email address, or any other form of information, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep that information private. Use of this information is appropriate for transactions between members, the web visitor and the Division. PD will not knowingly sell or share such information with third parties. However, sponsor members of the Division will have access to such information through this site and its membership directories. Further, information not publicly posted on this site, is not readily available to the general public, but PD does not represent that it is inaccessible to potential web pirates or hackers.
Refund Policy
The Paralegal Division has a no-refund policy for membership dues.  The refund policy for the Texas Advanced Paralegal Seminar registration is: Requests for refunds, less the $75 nonrefundable cancellation fee, must be made in writing and mailed to the Paralegal Division, P.O. Box 19163, Amarillo, TX 79114, and must be received no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of the first day of the event, with no refunds issued after that date.  The refund policy for sponsors and/or exhibitors of the Texas Advanced Paralegal Seminar is: Requests for refunds, less 30% nonrefundable cancellation fee, must be made in writing and mailed to the Paralegal Division, P.O. Box 19163, Amarillo, Texas, 79114, and must be received no later than forty-five (45) days prior to the date of the first day of the event, with no refunds issued after that date.
Web Site Tracing information
Similar to other web sites, PD records certain tracing information every time a visitor uses the site.  This information is recorded to track the performance and security of the site.  The web server records every web page that is viewed and various technical data such as an IP address, the operating system and browser version, and the name of the page that was viewed.  This information is not linked to any specific user, and is used in the aggregate to maintain and improve the quality of the web site.
Cookies
As with most sophisticated web sites, we make use of "cookies".  As you enter the web site, we create a temporary session cookie to pass your session information among the web pages.  This session cookie exists until you log out by closing your browser or are logged out automatically because you are inactive for a period of time.  Upon logging out, your session cookie is deleted.  Temporary session cookies are not stored on your computer's hard disk.
If you elect to store your log-on user id and password on your computer, we create a "permanent" cookie that is stored on your hard drive.  If you return to the site and log on within 90 days, we fetch this cookie and use it to log you on.  Each time you reuse a cookie in this manner extends the life of the cookie for 90 days.  If you do not visit the site and log onto the private functions within 90 days, this cookie will expire and you will have to log on "manually" by typing your user id and password.  If your membership lapses, you will not be able to log on either via a cookie or by manually entering your information.
Copyrignt
© 2005-2019 — All Rights Reserved.  Paralegal Division of the State Bar of Texas and the State Bar of Texas retain all copyrights for the content within this web site with the exception of any trademarks and service marks which are the property of their respective owners, or copyrights duly noted to belong to others.
Texas Paralegal JournalCurrent Digital Edition
The Paralegal Division of the State Bar of TexasPO Box 19163, Amarillo, Texas 79114Telephone: (806) 443-2209
Please report problems to Webmaster
Paralegal Day Declaration
History
Member Districts (PDF)
PD QuickNotes
Paralegal Definition & Standards
Bylaws (PDF)
Standing Rules (PDF)
2014 Salary Survey Results (PDF)
Standing Committees
Terms of Use
Feedback
Job Bank Submissions
Contacts Directory
Local Contacts
Applications
Address Change
Benefits
Benefits Overview
Mentor Program (PDF)
Types and Criteria
CLE Requirements (PDF)
Salary Survey (PDF)
Pro Bono Awards
Pro Bono Programs
Log On
Renew Online
Active Membership Certificate
Bar Card
Directory
View Directory
Edit My Profile
Manage My CLE Records
Manage My Pro Bono Records
eGroup
eGroup Overview
Sign Up for eGroup
Edit My eGroup Profile
Post to eGroup
Net Etiquette
Acceptable Use
Job Bank
View Jobs
Add a Job
Edit My Job(s)
Mentor Program
Mentor Program Overview
Guidelines (PDF)
Mentor Request Form (PDF)
Protege Request Form (PDF)
Newsletters
Summer 2017 (PDF)
Summer 2019 (PDF)
Winter 2017 (PDF)
TBLS Helpful Hints Guide (PDF)
Volunteer
Vote - Director Election
Directors Only
Log Off
Code of Ethics
Ethics Articles
Ethics Handbook
Ethics FAQs
Annual Meeting
Invitation
Reports
CLE Recording (PD Members) (PDF)
CLE Calendar
Online CLE
Submit CLE Event
Copyright Agreement Form
E-TAPS 2020
TAPS Home
Sponsors
Ambassadors
Request an Ambassador
Speaker Request Guidelines
Spring 2020 Edition (Digital)
Spring 2020 Edition (PDF)
Archives
Issues 91-100
Issues 81-90
Issues 71-80
Issues 61-70
Issues 51-60
Issues 41-50
Issues 31-40
Issues 21-30
Issues 11-20
Issues 01-10
Deadlines (PDF)
Submit an Article
Ad Rate Sheet (PDF)
Media Kit (PDF)
Reprint Permission (PDF)
Find a Vendor
Become a Vendor
Ad Rate Sheet (PDF)
Media Kit (PDF)
Vendor Benefits
Vendor Liaison
Vendor FAQs
Ethics FAQs
MCLE
CLE
Membership
eGroup
Vendor FAQs
Paralegal Certification
Paralegal Education