https://tyronepca.org/privacy-statement-tyrone-covenant-presbyterian-church/
Skip to content
810-629-1261 PH
Privacy Statement
Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
When using forms and registration: Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Browser data collection: There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church does not read any of your private online communications.
Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church and Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church collects and uses your personal information to operate the Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church and its affiliates. Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Tyrone Covenant Presbyterian Church does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept