http://ubdavid.org/organization/privacy.html
MENU
HOME
MY BOOKMARK
KIDS WORLD
See and Do
Storytime
Best Friends
Explorers
Think Right, Do Right!
Boy & the Cabin 1
Let's Talk About
Boy from Brooklyn
Lecciones en Español
Leçons en Français
YOUTH WORLD
Country Called Heaven
Overcomers
Winners 1
Timely Topics for Teens
Boy & the Cabin 2
Winners 2
Understanding True Love
Majoring in Life
Does Christianity Differ...?
Teen Issues
Lecciones en Español
Leçons en Français
ADVANCED
All About Me - Big #1
Way to Heaven
New Life in Christ 2
New Life in Christ 3
Practical Christian Living
God's Great Salvation
Lecciones en Español
Leçons en Français
BIBLE EXPLORATION
Bible Stories from Moody
David & Goliath Story
Know Your Bible
Light from Old Testament
Survey of the Scriptures
Genesis Patriarchs
Book of Judges
Character by Character
Famous Bible Stories
Famous Bible Parables
Old Testament Survey
Home » organization » privacy
Organization Links
PRIVACY and SECURITY STATEMENT
U.B. David & I’ll B. Jonathan, Inc.
Organization Links
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which U.B. David & I’ll B. Jonathan, Inc. (hereafter referred to as "David & Jonathan") collects, uses,
maintains and discloses information collected from users of its Website
and program materials (each, a "User").
Privacy
Users' privacy is very important to David & Jonathan. U.B. David & I’ll B. Jonathan, Inc. is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to David & Jonathan.
The Information We Collect
David & Jonathan may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through physical and online forms for doing lessons and ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. David & Jonathan may also collect information about how Users use our Website, for example,
by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Website or the domains from which Users originate.
Personally identifiable data which is submitted through the registration page can include name, email address, gender, birthday, mailing address, phone number, and User ID and password which are determined by the User. Registration is optional and is not required to access the lessons.
On many of our web pages we use Google Analytics and Clicky, both of which use cookies to provide statistics about visitor useage. For Google's privacy policy regarding these cookies see this Google page. For Clicky’s privacy policy regarding these cookies see this Clicky page.
How We Use Information
David & Jonathan may use personally identifiable information collected from Users to assist Users with lesson processes and respond to their questions, either online or via physical mail, and to contact Users regarding
products and services offered by David & Jonathan. David & Jonathan may also use information collected through our Website for research regarding the effectiveness of the Website and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of David & Jonathan.
Specifically, answers entered on Question Pages are processed by student record in order to award points and provide links to award certificates. When the answer form on Question Pages is submitted, an organizational staff person responsible for the student record according to geographic location will receive a copy, including entries in the “comment” field, so that they can track student progress and answer any questions raised by the student.
Disclosure of Information
David & Jonathan may disclose information collected from Users to our lesson graders according to their assigned areas, and to our trusted affiliates who will use the information only for the purposes outlined above.
We do not use student data in any other way and do not share this data with any third party.
Deletion of personal data
Students can request that their data be deleted from our system at any time by emailing our WebServant.
Maintenance and Retention of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. Student records are completely deleted from our system after 42 months of inactivity.
Security of Information
David & Jonathan takes reasonable steps to preserve the security of personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Accordingly, although David & Jonathan strives to protect such information, David & Jonathan cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to
preserve the security of the information in our own systems.
Questions
Users may direct questions and information requests concerning this Privacy Policy by email to the WebServant.
^top
Home |
Youth World |
Kids World |
Advanced |
Bible Exploration |
Français |
Español |
About Us |
Contact Us
Copyright © 1998-2020 UB David & I'll B Jonathan, Inc. Mailbox Club lessons © The Mailbox Club International; used by permission with adaptation for the Internet. All rights reserved.