http://uk.mkp.org/privacy-statement
Home
What we do
What we do
Why we do it
What we stand for
Questions and answers
The Adventure
New Warrior Training
Who, What and Where
What to expect
Who runs the training
How to register
The cost
Who comes
Are you ready
After your training
Making a difference
Is this for Every Man?
The benefit
Visualised
Mens Groups
Connection Groups
Connection Groups Registration
Other Men's Groups
Learn More
Initiation
Mature Maculinity
Men Helping Men
Connection to feeling
The MKP Blog
Testimonials
Contact
Register
Policies
Vision, Mission and Values 2019
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Diversity Statement
Stance on Abuse
Sexual Orientation
Ethical Relationship
Participant Medical Form
Refund Policy
Privacy Statement The ManKind Project UK and Ireland is strongly committed to protecting personal data.  We believe you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both. This privacy statement describes why and how we collect and use personal data and provides information about individuals rights.  It applies to personal data provided to us, both by individuals themselves or by others.  We may use personal data provided to us for any of the purposes described in this privacy statement or as otherwise stated at the point of collection.Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable living person.  MKPUK&I processes personal data for numerous purposes, and the means of collection, lawful basis of processing, use, disclosure, and retention periods for each purpose may differ.  When collecting and using personal data, our policy is to be transparent about why and how we process personal data.  To find out more about our specific processing activities, please go to the relevant sections of this statement.  COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATAThe ManKind Project UK and Ireland (MKPUK&I) processes personal data about contacts (existing and potential ManKind Project UK and Ireland members/applicants)The collection of personal data about contacts and the addition of that personal data to the MKPUK&I MKP Connect database is initiated by a MKPUK&I user and will include name, contact title, address, phone, email and DOB. Please Refer to our Privacy Policy Statement for more details on what we do with your information.USE OF PERSONAL DATAPersonal data relating to contacts may be visible to and used by MKPUK&I users to contact them to inform them of various trainings/opportunities they may have an interest in, and may be used for the following purposes:Administering, managing and developing our trainings Providing information about us and the range of trainings we provideMKPUK&I do not sell or otherwise release personal data contained in the MKPUK&I MKP Connect database to third parties for the purpose of allowing them to market their products and services without consent from individuals to do so. DATA RETENTION Personal data will be retained by the MKPUK&I for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out above (e.g. for as long as we have, or need to keep a record of, a relationship with a contact). For a more comprehensive explanation of how we safeguard and use your data please refer to our Privacy Policy Statement.
ACTIONVision StatementThe BlogRegister for NWTACalendarMake a PaymentDonateINFOTrusteesDiversity StatementBook RecommendationsFilm RecommendationsPrivacy StatementPolicies
MKPConnect Login