https://uk.whales.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting your personal information whilst providing you with the support and engagement that you expect from WDC To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Privacy and security
This policy sets out how WDC, Whale and Dolphin Conservation aims to repay the trust you have shown us through sharing your personal data. This privacy policy explains how we, WDC, and our affiliated trading company WDC (Trading) may collect and use the information you give us.
Who are ‘we’?
In this policy, whenever you see the words ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, it refers to WDC, Whale and Dolphin Conservation.
We are a registered charity and company wholly owned and operated by WDC. A company registered in England and Wales with company number 2737421 and a charity registered in England and Wales with charity number 1014705, and in Scotland with charity number SC040231. Our registered address is Brookfield House, 38 St Paul Street, Chippenham, Wiltshire SN15 1LJ.
WDC (Trading) Limited sells a range of goods through its shop and café based in Scotland, enters into corporate partnership agreements, and runs a raffle. All of its profits are passed to WDC. WDC (Trading) is wholly owned and controlled by WDC and all staff are employed by WDC.
Your acceptance of this policy, and our right to change it
By using our websites, entering a competition/raffle, signing a petition or providing your information for any other purpose, you consent to our collection and use of the information you provide in the way(s) set out in this policy. If you are not in agreement with this policy, then please do not use our websites.
We may make changes to this policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the changes on this page and they will apply from the time we post them. This policy was last changed on 6/4/18.
What is personal data?
Personal data is information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as but not limited to name, address, phone number, IP address or email address. The definition of personal data may change from time to time, and WDC shall update this policy to reflect any such future changes.
The policy in brief
It’s important that you read the full policy to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are – but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here’s a quick summary:
We collect and hold information that is either personal data (as outlined above) or non-personal data, (pages accessed etc.)
We collect information about our current and prospective members, supporters, retail customers, funding partners, volunteers and employees,
We will never sell your information, and will only share it with other organisations if you have specifically allowed us to do so,
We collect data to provide goods and information, to fundraise, for administration, research, profiling, analysis, and for the prevention/detection of crime,
We collect information to provide you with information where appropriate permission has been given to enable us to fundraise, for administration, research, profile, analyse, to demonstrate support for an issue in the case of petitions, and for the prevention/detection of crime,
We only collect the information that we need or that would be useful to us to provide the best possible service,
We do our very best to keep personal information secure, including SSL technology (secure server software) wherever we collect personal data online,
All our partners are required via contract to treat your data as carefully as we would, to only use it as instructed, and to allow us to check that they do this.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies – for more information check our cookies policy.
These are the basics, but don't forget to read the full policy below, so you have all the details you need.  If you have any questions, please contact our Supporter Care team on weekdays between 9am-5pm on +44(0)1249 449500 or email info@whales.org.
Thank you
WDC Privacy and Security Policy
This policy applies to all the websites we operate, our use of emails and text messages for fundraising and marketing purposes, and any other methods we use for collecting information and communicating with you. It covers what we collect and why, what we do with the information, what we will not do with the information, and what rights you have.
What information do we collect and why?
We will only ever collect the information we need – including data that will be useful to help improve our communications with you to help us achieve our charitable objectives. We collect two kinds of information:
personal information, such as, name, postal address, phone number, email address, IP addresses (this is the location of the computer on the internet), and date of birth (where appropriate)
non-personal information  such as pages accessed and files downloaded. This helps us to determine how many people use our sites, how many people visit on a regular basis, and how popular our pages are. This information doesn't tell us anything about who you are or where you live. It just allows us to monitor and improve our services.
We include a piece of code on our website called pixel tags. These are used to track conversion from social media to our website and allow us to advertise to you on Facebook and Twitter. You can set preferences for how Facebook advertises to you using Facebook ad preferences.
WDC uses Google AdWords Remarketing to promote our products, such Adopt a Whale, across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant adverts for you based on what pages on our website you may have visited. It does this by placing a cookie on your device. The cookie does not identify you but allows our products to be shown to you elsewhere on the internet, such as other websites. If you do not wish to view products from WDC’s Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out. Find out more information on how to opt out on Google’s support page.
We collect this information to administer specific activities such as e-newsletters, event registrations, adoption requests, regular giving requests, product purchases, feedback, donations, signing of petitions, competition entries etc. The information is either needed to fulfil your request or to enable us to provide you with a more personalised service. You don't have to disclose any of this information to browse our websites. However, if you do choose to withhold requested information, then we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
What do we do with the information?
We will use the information you provide to:
fulfil your requests – such as to take out an adoption, regular gift, donations, competition entries, event enquiries and provision of information
process sales transactions such as adoptions, donations, and verify financial transactions
present your shared views to decision makers in the form of petitions
identify visitors and contributors
record any contact we have with you
communicate with our supporters and customers
handle online shop orders, deliver products and communicate with you about these orders
provide a personalised service to you when you visit our websites – this could include customising the content and/or layout of our pages for individual users
prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our websites and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
to carry out research on the demographics, interests and behaviour of our users and supporters to help us gain a better understanding of them and to enable us to improve our service. This research may be carried out internally by our employees or we may ask another company to do this work for us
Where you have agreed to it, provide you with information that we think may be of interest to you.
How we keep you up-to-date with our work.
In October 2015, we moved to be an ‘opt-in only’ communication policy. WDC’s  relationships with anyone interacting with us from that date will already be compliant with new data protection requirements. We only send communications to supporters who have explicitly stated that they are happy for us to do so via their preferred channels: email, SMS, phone or post.
We will never sell your information, and will only share it with other organisations if you have specifically allowed us to do so.
As a member of the Fundraising Regulator service we want to ensure you are happy with the way we communicate with you.  If we contact you by our e-newsletters, every message we send will include a link to unsubscribe to receiving future messages if you change your mind. If we contact you by other means and you want to change how – or if – you receive our communications, please call our Supporter Care team between 9am-5pm, Monday-Friday on +44 (0)1249 449500 or email info@whales.org
Sharing your information
We will only share your information if:
We are legally required to do so, e.g. by a law enforcement agency legitimately exercising a power or if compelled by an order of the Court
We believe it is necessary to protect or defend our rights, property or the personal safety of our staff and volunteers or visitors to our premises or websites.
Additionally, we work with carefully-selected partners that carry out activities on our behalf. These partners may include media buyers, telemarketing agencies, raffle agencies, mailing houses, marketing agencies, IT specialists, retail systems, banks and research firms. The kind of work we could ask them to do may include sending postal mail and text messages, phoning to ask for your support, carrying out research or analysis and processing card payments. We only choose partners we can trust. We will only pass personal data to them if they have signed a contract that requires them to:
abide by the requirements of the Data Protection Act and any future amendments
treat your information as carefully as we would.
only use the information for the purposes it was supplied (and not for their own purposes or the purposes of any other organisation)
to allow us to carry out checks to ensure they are doing all these things.
Storing your information
Information is stored by us on computers located in the UK. We may transfer the information to other offices and to other reputable third party organisations as explained above – they may be situated inside or outside the European Economic Area. We may also store information in paper files. WDC will treat all information held to the strictest standards applicable notwithstanding where held.
We place a great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our supporters, customers and users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. For example, only authorised personnel are authorised to access user information and we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt financial and personal information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur while it is under our control, we use our best efforts to try to prevent this.
Unfortunately, the transmission of data across the internet is not completely secure and whilst we do our very best to try to protect the security of your information we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur whilst data is being transferred.
We will keep your information only for as long as we need it to provide you with the goods, services or information you have required, to administer your relationship with us, to present decision makers in the form of a petition or the preferences of our supporters, to comply with the law (which may require us to hold data for a time after you have ceased supporting us), or to ensure we do not communicate with people that have asked us not to. When we no longer need to hold information we will always dispose of it securely, using specialist companies if necessary to do this work for us.
Legacy income is vital to the running of the charity. We may keep data you provide to us indefinitely to carry out legacy administration and communicate effectively with the families of people leaving us legacies. This also enables us to identify and analyse the source of legacy income we receive.
What we don’t do with your information
We never sell your information to other organisations to use for their own purposes.
We never share your information with other organisations to use for their own purposes,  unless you have specifically agreed to do so.
Your rights
The Data Protection Act gives you certain rights over your data and how we use it. These include:
the right in certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed
the right to prevent your data being used for direct marketing
the right of access to a copy of the information we hold about you (known as a subject access request). Please contact us for details.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please our Supporter Care team in writing at Brookfield House, 38 St Paul Street, Chippenham, Wiltshire SN15 1LJ. Please note it is our policy to charge the statutory maximum fee of £10 for a subject access request.
For more information about your rights under the Data Protection Act go to the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office.
WDC is not a ‘public authority’ as defined under the Freedom of Information Act and we will not therefore respond to requests for information made under this Act; using the funds generously donated to us by our supporters for such activities is not in accordance with our charitable purposes.