https://ulc.net/privacy-policy
+1 (916) 880-1235
Contact Us
Home
About
Back
About ULC
Our History
Our Mission
ULC Quick Reference Guide
Get Ordained
Ministry Store
Community
Back
Online Confession
Prayer Requests
Wall of Gratitude
Minister Directory
ULC Social Communities
News
Education
FAQ
Universal Life Church Online > Privacy Policy
Search for:
Our Terms & Privacy Policy
Who We AreOur website address is: https://ulc.netULC Online has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. As part of the normal operation of services, we collect and, in some instances, disclose information about you. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.Information We CollectOur site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like your name and email address), and demographic information (like your zip code).Certain information, such as e-mail addresses, is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your use of our site. Cookies are stored on your computer, and are not stored on the ULC Online site anywhere. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to recognize you when you visit our site.Information you provide when submitting a request for ordination is retained in our records, and is furnished to ULC Headquarters in Modesto. This is necessary in order to maintain the record of your ordination as a legal record of the church. We use this information to verify your ordination and to locate the date for use in preparing credentials or other materials if you choose to obtain them.In the future, if you decide to purchase any value-added services we offer, then we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address (“Financial Information”). Financial Information that is collected is used to bill you for products and services, and for other purposes. We do not store Financial Information or share it with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with the value-added service.Our Use of Your InformationWe use customer contact information from the forms you submit at this website to send you a response. This includes information you submit to receive our newsletters and for other information about ULC Online. Your contact information used to contact you when reasonably necessary.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administrate our Web site. Your IP address may be used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect ourselves and our partners from fraud.We may use demographic and profile data to tailor your experience at our site, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.Our Disclosure of Your InformationWe never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy and Member Agreement without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.ULC Online will never willfully sell or rent for consideration any personally identifiable information about you or your business to any third party.ULC Online offers features and services on our site where we will by necessity need to provide some of the information publicly available on our site to third party search engines offering search services. ULC Online may do the following with such information: distribute product and service information and information about our store, our products and services, your website address (URL), your contact information, and other information, to such search engines and various other comparative shopping and search services, and create a database of publicly available information about you or your business to its search partners with the express purpose of driving internet user traffic to Member Sites, provided that such information is useful to the end users of our sites. Publicly available information means information available to the public on our website, and may include the following: information that you intentionally an optionally submit for publication in our online directories. This information is only published if you submit a specific request to be added to one of the public directory listings. In no event will ULC Online disclose any of your Financial Information.ULC Online cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances, or other situations may arise requiring such disclosure. In addition, you authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Upon receiving a specific inquiry requesting confirmation of your ordination or title status, Church Headquarters in Modesto may confirm such information to a third party who is able to independently provide your identifying information. Neither we nor the church will disclose your specific identifying information other than as provided above.This site contains links to other sites. ULC Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.SecurityIn order to maximize protection of your information, ULC Online uses modern technology to protect your financial data from use, misuse or alteration by unauthorized third parties. Our site is hosted with a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate granting https features. Our online store meets strict PCI compliance for processing transactions securely. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and ULC Online does not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data on or through the use of the ULC Online site is at your own risk. Name, address, and email information are not encrypted during transmission and storage, other than during checkout through our online store.GeneralIf you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us.Or, you can send mail to the following postal address: ULC Online, 104 Biscayne Way, Folsom CA 95630
©
1997 -
2020
Universal Life Church Online. All Rights Reserved.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Gmail