https://ulstercountyny.gov/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
NOTICE
Close
COVID-19 INFORMATION
... CLICK FOR DETAILS
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (ulstercountyny.gov), hereafter referred to as “The Website” and/or “Site”. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Information You Provide to Us
When you use The Website, you may provide us with information about you. This may include your full name and contact information. When you use The Website, we may also collect information related to your use of The Website and aggregate this with information about other users. This helps us improve our Services for you.
* Personal Information: In the course of using The Website, we may require or otherwise collect information that identifies you as a specific individual and can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Examples of Personal Information include your name, email address, company address, billing address, and phone number.
* Payment Information: If you use The Website to make payments, we will also collect certain payment information, such as credit card, PayPal or other financial account information, and billing address.
* General Audience Service: The Website is for a general audience and intended for users 18 and older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone younger than age 18. If we become aware that a child younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our files. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child younger than age 18 and believe that we have collected Personal Information from your child, please contact us at: The Website.
* Non-Identifying Information/Usernames: We also may collect other information, such as zip codes, demographic data, information regarding your use of the The Website, and general data (“Non-Identifying Information”). We may aggregate information collected from registered and non-registered users. In some cases, we may render Personal Information (generally, email address) into a form of Non-Identifying Information referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Hashed Information.” This is typically accomplished using a mathematical process (commonly known as a hash function) to convert information into a code. The code does not identify you directly, but it may be used to connect your activity and interests.
* Combination of Personal and Non-Identifying Information: Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified (for example, combining information with your name). But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information, but we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
Information Received from Third Parties
Third parties may also give us information about you. If we combine that information with information about you collected through The Website, we will still treat that combined information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We also may receive information about you from third parties. For example, we may supplement the information we collect with outside records or third parties may provide information in connection with a co-marketing agreement. If we combine the information we receive from others with information we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Users Automatically
Like other online companies, we receive technical information when you use The Website. We use these technologies to analyze how people use The Website, to improve how our Site functions, to save your authentication information for future sessions, and to serve you with advertisements that may interest you.
We and our third-party service providers, including analytics and third-party content providers, may automatically collect certain information from you whenever you access or interact with The Website. This information may include, among other information, the browser and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to The Website, the search terms you entered into a search engine that led you to The Website, areas within The Website that you visited, and other information commonly shared when browsers communicate with websites. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
The information we collect also includes the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or other unique device identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any device (computer, mobile phone, tablet, etc.) used to access The Website. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to access the website, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access the website.
The Website and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movement around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The technology used to collect information automatically from users may include the following:
* Cookies: Like many websites, we and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and service providers use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functionality of the The Website.
* Web Beacons: We and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and service providers may also employ software technology known as “web beacons” and/or “tracking tags” to help us keep track of what content on our website is effective and to serve relevant advertising to you. Web beacons are small graphics with a unique identifier that may be invisible to you, and which are used to track the online activity of Internet users. Web beacons are embedded in the web pages you review or email messages you receive. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to our website, to monitor how users navigate the website, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
* Embedded Scripts: We and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and service providers may also employ software technology known as an Embedded Script. An Embedded Script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the website, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device and is deactivated or deleted when you disconnect from the The Website.
* In addition, we and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and service providers may use a variety of other technologies (such as tags) that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes and we may use third parties to perform these services on our behalf.
HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
The Website does not respond to Do-Not-Track signals. Please note that your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online service you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, The Website does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
USE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
We use information collected through The Website to provide and improve the website, process your requests, prevent fraud, provide you with information and advertising that may interest you, comply with the law, and as otherwise permitted with your consent.
WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
* To provide and improve the website, complete your transactions, and address your inquiries, process your registration, verify the information you provide is valid and for compliance and internal business purposes;
* To contact you with administrative communications and The Website newsletters, marketing or promotional materials (on behalf of The Website) and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the instructions in the Your Choices and Opting Out section, below;
* To tailor content we display to you and offers we may present to you, both on the Service and elsewhere online;
* To administer and develop our business relationship with you and, if applicable, the corporation or other legal entity you represent;
* To enforce and comply with the law, including to conduct an investigation, to protect the property and rights of The Website or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, fraudulent, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify The Website users; and For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share aggregated Non-Identifying Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information (including, without limitation, Hashed Information) to third parties. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ marketing purposes unless we first provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to or opt-out of such sharing.
* What Happens If You Agree to Receive Information From Third Parties or Request That We Share Your Information: You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers from one or more third parties. If you agree at that time to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
* Legal and Investigative Purposes: We will share information with government agencies as required by law in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and, including without limitation, in connection with reporting earnings. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), at the request of governmental authorities or other third parties conducting an investigation, to protect the property and rights of The Website or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, fraudulent, unethical or legally actionable activity. We
may also use Device Identifiers to identify website users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties at our discretion.
* Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions: We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winner’s list.
THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, AD SERVERS AND SIMILAR THIRD PARTIES
We may work with advertising agencies and vendors who use technology to help us understand how people use our Site. These vendors may use technologies to serve you advertisements that may interest you. You can choose to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising. The Website works with (or may in the future work with) network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors to provide us with information regarding traffic on the website, including pages viewed and the actions taken when visiting the website; to serve our advertisements on other websites, within mobile apps and elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of The Website and the effectiveness of our advertisements. Our service providers may collect certain information about your visits to and activity on the website as well as other websites or services, they may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons), and may use that information to show you targeted advertisements. Some of these parties may collect Personal Information when you visit the Service or other online websites and services. We may also share certain Non-Identifying Information with these parties, including Hashed I
opt out of interest-based advertising, please contact us through The Website, please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
OPTING OUT
You have certain choices regarding how we may communicate with you.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. You may opt-out of receiving text messages by replying “STOP” to any text message received.
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION OR CLOSING YOUR ACCOUNT
You may request access to all personal information we have about you. You may also delete your account and/or request deletion of all personal information we have about you (if applicable to the website). We will honor the request to the extent we can reasonably do so. Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by making updates to that information or by contacting us through the website. If you request to access all personal information you’ve submitted, we will respond to your request to access within 30 days. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete information from our databases.
SECURITY
We take a number of steps to protect your data, but no security is guaranteed. We take commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure the information it collects and stores about our Users. When you enter sensitive information, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also use HTTP strict transport security to add an additional layer of protection for our users. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Thus, while we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure and does not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Because we are a United States company, we process and store your information in the United States.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us through The Website, the transfer of Personal Information to the United States for processing will occur. The U.S. may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to the U.S., we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy. By visiting the website, or providing any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
The Website protects personally identifiable information from residents of the European Union, other European Economic Area countries, and Switzerland in accordance with applicable law (including, as applicable, reliance upon your consent and EU-approved standard contract clauses).
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Website contains links to other websites. If you choose to click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
PHISHING
Phishing websites imitate legitimate websites in order to obtain personal or financial information. Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to us. For more information about phishing, visit the website of the Federal Trade Commission at http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0003-phishing. In addition, if you believe you have received an email or had a similar interaction with a third party pretending to be us, please report it at The Website.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may change or update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting. We may also notify you by email, in our discretion. However, we will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at The Website.
Executive News
Ulster County Steps Up Support for Small Businesses During COVID-19's Second Wave
Posted on: December 10th, 2020
KINGSTON, N.Y. - Ulster County Executive Pat Ryan announced today the expansion of the County’s Resilience Economic Plan for small businesses, including a collaboration that has more than doubled the capacity of the County’s Economic Development team.
[read more]
County Executive Approves Over $2 Million in Funding for Ulster County Area Transit's Capital Program
Posted on: December 4th, 2020
KINGSTON, N.Y. – County Executive Pat Ryan signed a series of resolutions today that provide just over $2 million in funding to Ulster County Area Transit’s 5-Year Capital Plan.
[read more]
Privacy PolicyPress CenterEmergency Services
(845) 340-3000 - 244 Fair Street, PO Box 1800, Kingston, NY 12402© Ulster County Government 2020.