https://understandinginconflict.org/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.understandinginconflict.org and The Center for Understanding in Conflict and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The Center for Understanding in Conflict include www.understandinginconflict.org and CUC. The CUC website is a nonprofit and ecommerce site. By using the CUC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
CUC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase CUC’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CUC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CUC website.
CUC encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CUC so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CUC is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CUC website.
Use of your Personal Information
CUC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
CUC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CUC and its affiliates. CUC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CUC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
CUC may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CUC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CUC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CUC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CUC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CUC, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
CUC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
CUC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from CUC by contacting us here:
• Email: catherineconner@understandinginconflict.org
• Phone:  (844)242-3428
Changes to this Statement
CUC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CUC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CUC is protecting your information.
Contact Information
CUC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CUC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CUC at:
The Center for Understanding in Conflict
829 Sonoma Avenue
Santa Rosa, California 95404
Email Address: catherineconner@understandinginconflict.org
Telephone number: (844) 242-3428
Effective as of October 3, 2016