https://unionstationhs.org/privacy/
Email this page
Access Our Services
Menu
Home
Who We Are
About Us
Our Mission and History
Take a Virtual Tour
Our Leadership
Our Board
Our People
Employment Opportunities
What We Do
Ending Homelessness
Our Programs
Client Success Stories
Access Our Services
You Can Help
You Can Help
Corporate Partners
Donate
Donate
Join the Leadership Circle
Young Leaders Society
Donor Advised Funds
Make a Planned Gift
Matching Gifts
Make a Gift of Stock
Donate your Car
Host an Event
Shop for Union Station
Volunteer
Volunteer
Community Allies Program
Volunteer Log In
Our Wish List
Employ Our Job Candidates
Our Events
Holiday Gift Drive
Host an Event
Monthly Events Calendar
Our News
Publications and Financials
Media
Union Station in the News
Press Releases
Contact
Union Station Homeless Services Privacy Policy
If you wish that Union Station itself does not send you email, please email giving@unionstationhs.org and write “REMOVE” in the subject line of the email.
Union Station may ask you for specific pieces of information to:
Allow you to receive periodic email updates about our organization – When you accept, or “opt in,” we ask you to give us your email address. You can “opt out” of receiving these periodic updates at any time.
Process your donation that you make online to Union Station Homeless Services – When you make an online donation to Union Station, you will be asked to submit your contact information to us. We will add this information to our database and we will periodically send you informational materials, appeals and newsletters.
When you make a gift in honor of someone else, we do not use the information you give us about that person for any other purpose.
We collect data about traffic on our site, such as the number and type of pages viewed and other information about users and their computers. We use this information to improve our site, but we do not and will not match usage data with personal information to track individuals.
This site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy. The new Privacy Policy will be posted on the site and any change, update or modification will be effective immediately.