https://unitytampa.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Unity of Tampa (“Unity of Tampa”) operates unitytampa.org and may operate other websites. It is Unity of Tampa’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Unity of Tampa collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Unity of Tampa’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Unity of Tampa’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Unity of Tampa may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Unity of Tampa also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on unitytampa.org blogs/sites. Unity of Tampa only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Unity of Tampa’s websites choose to interact with Unity of Tampa in ways that require Unity of Tampa to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Unity of Tampa gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at unitytampa.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Unity of Tampa are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Unity of Tampa collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Unity of Tampa. Unity of Tampa does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Unity of Tampa may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Unity of Tampa may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Unity of Tampa does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Unity of Tampa discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Unity of Tampa’s behalf or to provide services available at Unity of Tampa’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Unity of Tampa’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Unity of Tampa will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Unity of Tampa discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Unity of Tampa believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Unity of Tampa, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Unity of Tampa website and have supplied your email address, Unity of Tampa may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Unity of Tampa and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Unity of Tampa takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Unity of Tampa uses cookies to help Unity of Tampa identify and track visitors, their usage of Unity of Tampa website, and their website access preferences. Unity of Tampa visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Unity of Tampa’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Unity of Tampa’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Third-Party Cookies and Tracking
For our visitors’ convenience and information, our website may include third-party solutions, such as (but not limited to) a preview of our Facebook page; Google Analytics; a Daily Word widget; social sharing icons; and/or a link to SoundCloud.com. These third-party solution providers also may collect information about your visits to our website. Please see their privacy policies for information about the kinds of information they collect. Unity of Tampa visitors who do not wish to have these third-party cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Unity of Tampa’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Unity of Tampa’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Unity of Tampa, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Unity of Tampa goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Unity of Tampa may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Unity of Tampa and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Unity of Tampa may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Unity of Tampa’s sole discretion. Unity of Tampa encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a unitytampa.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Comments are closed.
Get Connected!
Find opportunities to connect and grow at Unity of Tampa.
View Our Calendar
Sunday Service at 10 a.m. Unity of Tampa
3302 W. Horatio Street
Tampa, FL 33609-3030
Get a map
Phone: 813-870-0731
Please Join Us Online or in the SanctuaryNote:Sunday service is now open for worship. We also offer services and other gatherings via Facebook Live and Zoom. For the most up-to-date information and access, please subscribe to our email.