http://unitedpolicyholders.org/about/your-privacy
Skip to main content
What people say about UP
"This group provided valuable information and support for those who lost their homes in the Fourmile Fire two years ago and they have worked in many other communities that have suffered propertydamaging disasters. I recommend them without reservation."
United Way
“From the survivor surveys to their Roadmap to Recovery workshops, UP is a critical component in recovery for not only families but for communities.”
Karla Heard-Price, Waldo Canyon Fire Survivor 2013
“I recommend United Policyholders to any community that has suffered a major disaster.”
“United Policyholders has worked tirelessly to serve our community and provide residents with necessary support and tools.”
El Paso County, CO
“(United Policyholders) provided helpful insights into the state of the current insurance market for earthquake, fire and flood coverage, and the critical rile insurance plays in the ability of our communities recover from such catastrophic events. You brought an important and unique perspective to the hearing, that of homeowners themselves.”
California State Senate
“Thank you does not say enough.”
Wildfire Survivor 2014
“We are so grateful to have wonderful UP looking out for us and putting together amazing amounts of information to help us understand 'the process' and cope with the trials and tribulations!"
Jeff Smith, Wildfire Survivor
“I don't know how we would have found answers or how to begin if they had not coached us through the process.”
Wildfire Survivor 2014
Thank you for your kind words and acts, though the path to recovery is long - its little things like this help that's gets us through.  Thank you for being part of the solution to our problem....
Terri T., New Jersey Home Fire
UP's guidance helped me get my health insurer to finally cover our unpaid claims for my daughter's medical care. Thanks UP!
LC, Black Forest, CO
“United Policyholders is a 501(c)(3) with unique expertise in insurance recovery and financial preparedness and a teaching team that has proven valuable to our citizens.”
El Paso County, CO
(United Policyholders) is an excellent source of support, information, and action for homeowners who really need an understanding and helpful partner during one of the worst times in their lives.
The Denver Foundation
"On behalf of the American Red Cross Fired UP! Gold Country Institute 2016, we express special thanks to Emily Rogan (United Policyholders) for dedication of your time, your passion and your expertise."...
American Red Cross
"It is very uneasy to take on "giant" insurance company and your organization has done a lot to protect a policyholder.
Thank you very much!"
D. Liu, Bay Area, CA
The loss we are dealing with was a partial loss due to fire... Leaving us with the question, what do we do now?! Thats where your site becomes such an valuable resource... For the service you provide, I extend from the heart, a most sincere,  THANK YOU!!...
Larry Fredrickson, 2015
"We have found the Disaster Recovery Handbook very informative and helpful in getting through the most traumatic experience in our lifetime"
PV, Sonoma, CA 2018
The big picture “why” I do what I do is that, “I want to make insurance work better.” That is why I do risk management consulting, and why I do expert witness work on both sides.  Supporting UP is just one more way. Thanks for being such a great organization to partner with.
...
a Risk Management Consultant
"We support UP’s pro-active program to raise public awareness of the increased risk of flooding that residents now face in and near wildfire burn areas."
El Paso County, CO
“United Policyholders organization should be the first line of information to all fire victims. They are positive people who are earnestly trying to help others through a difficult time. They can provide professional people and lay people to answer most any question a fire victim could have.”
Janice Johnson, Wildfire Survivor 2013
In my personal experience as a member of the Weed Long Term Recovery Group from the Boles Fire, the workshop by United Policyholders was one of the most informative and helpful resources we came across in recovery.
Audra Beylik, Shasta Regional Community Foundation
"I want you to know that I will be forever indebted to you and all of the other volunteers that gave so freely of their time to help otherwise complete strangers through a very difficult ordeal. I could not have come this far without you. Thank You"
Ben F., Wildfire Survivor
“We honestly can say we would not have survived this catastrophe without your insightful, wise, sound wisdom.”
Wildfire Survivor 2014
“I highly recommend bringing United Policyholders into your community. My only regret is that we didn’t bring them in sooner.”
Boulder County, CO
“Certificate of Appreciation in recognition of your outstanding contributions to the Third Supervisorial District and the County of San Diego.”
County of San Diego
"The workshop was really informative! We learned so much from your panelists, and plan to use all this good info as we move forward. Thanks so much!"
Carolyn Tuite, San Bruno Explosion/Fire Survivor 2010
“We recommend (UP) to any other city or county whose residents have suffered catastrophic property losses.
United Policyholders is a 501(c)(3) with subject matter expertise in insurance recovery and has been a valuable resource to our community.”
Larimer County Commissioners Office
“UP has the ability to explain complex processes in a simple manner, which is key when dealing with an overwhelming situation.
Many residents have voiced their gratitude for UP’s help and have called upon their assistance multiple times.”
City of San Bruno, CA
“UP played a leadership role in ensuring that future wildfire victims are treated more fairly by their insurance providers as part of a collaborative and successful effort to change some of Colorado’s insurance-related legislation and regulations.”
High Park and Waldo Canyon fires
"On behalf of all the residents affected by the San Bruno/Glenview fire and the Department of Insurance staff, I would like to personally thank you for your participation in the San Bruno Insurance Recovery Forum...the forum provided fire survivors in the community the opportunity to ask questions, receive information, and express their concerns..."
Steve Poizner, CA Insurance Commissioner
"The UP Roadmap to Recovery Program raised awareness and educated Sandy-affected families on the importance of properly documenting losses and negotiating home and flood insurance settlements."
New Jersey Relief Fund
"Thank you so much for your prompt response.  It has lifted my spirits."...
E.O., Fire Survivor 2015
“UP has been a shining light for the past twenty years after virtually every major disaster in California.”
“UP is one of the only consumer advocacy groups that we have worked with that is solely committed to the consumer and has no other motives or desires that may conflict with that commitment.”
California Department of Insurance
"After the Butte Fire ravaged our community, UP came all the way from San Francisco to our little mountain town to provide us with the information and assistance we needed.  Two years later, we're still utilizing their website and expertise to manage our protracted insurance fiasco.  They deserve our support."
...
Jim Pesout Butte Fire Survivor
I have been wanting to express my appreciation for the amazing support your organization has been to us as we have been recovering through the firestorm of Northern California. I have attended most of your workshops and even though I am so busy during this time, each one has been well worth my time. I have received excellent counsel especially in realizing what my rights and what the responsibilities of my insurance company...
2017 Tubbs FIre Survivor, Santa Rosa
"Just wanted you to say Thank you, too, for being here for all of us. It's a crazy time, as you well know and it's comforting to have a 'voice of reason' around"
San Bruno Explosion/Fire Survivor 2010
"Their Roadmap to Recovery program offers a range of support serices that have helped our residents move from tragedy to recovery."
City of San Diego
"Thank you for your presentation and important information to our community on insurance policies and various coverages."
Rancho Bernardo Community Council
"Thank you for all the work United Policyholders is doing to protect the public. I truly appreciate your organization in the fight to improve the landscape of home insurance coverage."
Nancy, Witch Creek Fire Survivor
“The claims assistance workshops, referrals and many resources (United Policyholders) provided were extremely helpful and a tremendous benefit to the residents affected by the disaster.”
“Together, we are all working towards a shared goal of a more resilient Bay Area.”
American Red Cross
We appreciate all that you are doing to help families straighten out the critical small print. You provide such a great service!
Joe Wimberley, Sr. Manager, Team Depot
"United Policyholder's contribution to the event helped hundreds of families, children, parents, pet owners, and individual community members take action to make themselves and their families more ready for emergencies."
City of Berkeley
“Our collaboration is a good example of a small but effective non-profit organization delivering valuable services and support to a large entity.”
Chevron
"Your home is probably underinsured. Don't wait to find out the hard way like we did. UP's tips will help you avoid a nightmare and protect your most valuable assets."
Ken Klein, Wildfire Victim 2003
“Whenever I felt confused about any topic I first looked it up in the yellow book. Then I could go deeper based on what I read. Or I knew when to call it good.”
Wildfire Survivor 2014
We cannot thank you enough for all your support, education and assistance through our recovery from the 2017 Tubbs Fire. Without all your input I have no idea how we could have recovered.
We're not quite there yet, but getting closer!
Many, many thanks.
...
Christopher and Urmila - 2017 Tubbs Fire Victims
"Your organization is supplying the vital information needed to navigate the insurance process. Countless homeowners like myself have been relying on the information you have been providing" ...
Matt Q., 2017 Sonoma Wildfire Survivor
“The information you gave to the communities and fire victims was extremely useful and I am sure appreciated by everyone.”
John Garamendi, CA Insurance Commissioner
"Thanks for your excellent website. My insurance company was giving me a hard time, but now I'm finally able to understand the process."
2008 Vandalism claimant
“I want to thank the team at United Policyholders for their outstanding work on behalf of California consumers over the past two decades.”
Dave Jones, CA Insurance Commissioner
"I can't thank you enough for watching all the fine print and ensuring what we need."
Fire Survivor 2013
"Lost my home in the Tubbs fire in Sonoma County.  Your help and support has been invaluable.  Thank you."...
SB, Sonoma County, 2018
"We are so grateful that a consumer-focused organization like UP – completely independent of the insurance industry – is there to help families and individuals, homeowners and renters alike, navigate the confusing claims process after a disaster, and to help them before a crisis as well."
Berkeley DIsaster Prep Neighborhood Network
“Your involvement helped us achieve our goal of bringing together three major stakeholders for fire prevention; Fire officials, Consumer groups and the Insurance Industry to discuss mitigation and preparation for future potential fire disasters.”
Steve Poizner, CA Insurance Commissioner
"Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts and priorities in the Insurance Lobbyist and Communications Group."  ...
Insurance Information Network of California
We turned to UP for help getting our homeowners insurance company to cover a $150,000+ smoke damage claim which allowed our family to get safely back into our home.
L.C.,
Black Forest Fire, Colorado
"The disaster recovery resources you provided helped many individuals and families."
County of Lake, CA
“I am so very grateful for the help as it is a true insider's guide to wading through the quagmire after a catastrophe. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!”
Marjie, Superstorm Sandy Survivor
"I have helped hundreds of families buy homes.  Last fall, one of them burned down.  I am so grateful for the education from UP that helps me make sure all my clients are adequately protected from catastrophic loss."...
Jennifer Rosdail, San Francisco Realtor
"US Small Buiness Administration Office of Disaster Assistance is pleased to honor Karen Reimus in recognition of her perseverance, dedication and optimism in assisting California Communities rise above the impact of the Southern California Wildfires."
U.S. Small Business Administration
“They have been instrumental in working to improve laws related to fail claims handling practices.” ...
Rancho Bernardo Community Presbyterian Church
“Our employees appreciated the practical help they got from UP, and that UP looked out for their best interest after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita."
HR Policy Specialist, Chevron Corp.
Get UP News
Email *
Signup
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
United Policyholders created this privacy policy to tell you what information we collect about visitors to our website, uphelp.org. It also tells you how we use the information we collect, how you can control your information and how we protect your information.
Last updated: April, 2012
1. How we collect information
Website usage information. You can view most of the content on the uphelp.org website without registering or submitting any information. We occasionally review non-personal information about how people use our website through mechanisms such as cookies, web beacons and/or internet tags. We occasionally review the pages you visit within our website and transaction details (sharing to Facebook, donations etc). You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent, or to refuse or delete cookies altogether, but in such cases certain features of our Website might not function as expected. We also occasionally review anonymous, non-personal information about your use of the emails and newsletters we may send to you (such as “open rates” and link click-throughs).
All pages on the United Policyholders website utilize a technology known as Google Analytics. This technology allows us to gather general statistics regarding how our web site is used. For example, if we know what technology (phones, tablets, etc) our users have, we are better able to design pages that suit our users. Also, if we see that few people use a particular page, then we can remove it from our site. The statistics we gather are aggregated. We do not retain any specific information about any particular user. To learn more about Google Analytics, please see the Google Web site.
If you would prefer not to have your data collected by Google Analytics, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. To learn more, read the Google Analytics privacy policy.
Personal Information. The uphelp.org website may ask you to register and provide personal information when you choose to access our Ask an Expert content, sign up for a newsletter, request an amicus brief, request documents, share your story, become a sponsor, donate to United Policyholders or fill out a form on our “Contact Us” page. In addition, from time-to-time you may choose to participate in United Policyholders surveys.
United Policyholders does not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. If we find out that we have such personal information we will take reasonable steps to delete it.
If you access a third party site from a link on the uphelp.org website, any information you review on that site is not subject to this privacy policy and United Policyholders is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.
2. How we use information
Personal Information. United Policyholders may use information about you to help enhance and personalize your use of our Website and the services we offer. This information also allows us to provide you with targeted content and information. We also use anonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and reports.
Website Usage Information The website usage information we collect (e.g., cookies, Internet tags, web beacons, etc.) is used by United Policyholders to monitor the operation, technical functions, and quality of our website and services. This information is also used to provide general statistics regarding use of our Website. We may also use such information for research or improvements of our website and the services we offer you. This data may also used by United Policyholders to deliver customized content to you when your online behavior indicates that you are interested in a particular subject area.
Disclosure of Data United Policyholders keeps your personally identifiable information confidential. We do not disclose it to third parties or others that do not have a need to know such information, except under certain circumstances. In addition, United Policyholders will not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose United Policyholder’s e-mail list or address list except as explicitly set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Set forth below are various circumstances under which United Policyholders may share your personal information:
Certain of our employees, independent contractors and third party service providers such as Network for Good have access to your personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of helping us run our organization. These employees and contractors have confidentiality and security obligations.
Although we do not provide your personally identifiable information to anyone we may aggregate and supply anonymous data to partners, media and sponsors. For example, “80% of our Ask an Expert users are interested in insurance claim information”.
Information shared in our Ask an Expert area of our Website is only accessible to those who have registered on the uphelp.org website.
We may also share your personally identifiable information to respond to law enforcement requests, court orders, or other legal processes; or if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to illegal activities, fraud, and physical threats to you or others; or as otherwise required by any applicable law or regulation. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.
Before we voluntarily disclose your personally identifiable information for any other reasons, we will first obtain your consent, via e-mail, click-through, an online opportunity to enter your preference, or some other manner.
Prohibited Disclosures Except as set forth above, United Policyholders will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party without your explicit consent.
3. How you can control your information
Uphelp.org offers its users choices for the collection, use, and sharing of personally identifiable information at the time a user decides to register. In addition, users may stop the delivery of future communications from uphelp.org by unsubscribing at any time. For instance, each e-mail you receive (aside from "service e-mails") contains instructions explaining how to stop receiving such e-mails.
If your personally identifiable information changes or if you no longer desire our service, we provide a way for you to correct, update, or delete/deactivate your personally identifiable information. This can be done by visiting the Profile page on our website or by e-mailing us at info@uphelp.org.
4. How we protect your information
United Policyholders is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of up-to-date security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store any personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access. These systems are located in controlled facilities. You should keep in mind that no Internet communication is ever completely secure or error-free.
5. Changes to this statement
We may periodically update this Statement to reflect changes in our services and policies. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
6. Contact information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Statement, you should first contact us at privacy@uphelp.org with any questions or concerns. All customer requests will be formally reviewed by uphelp.org.
United Policyholders
381 Bush Street, 8th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104
Terms of Use
Note also that your use of the Website is subject to our Terms of Use.
region
Some text
Link