https://unitarianbr.org/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Maintaining Our Connections:Friends, we miss being with you in person, but to keep our community safe, we will continue to connect with each other by virtual means. You can find more information here on how you can connect with us during this time.
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Unitarian Church of Baton Rouge
8470 Goodwood Blvd.
Baton Rouge, LA 70806
Office Hours:
Tuesday/Wednesday 8-2; Friday 8-4
225-926-2291
office@unitarianchurchbr.com
The Unitarian Church of Baton Rouge
Love | Connect | Transform
Facebook Instagram
Livestream
Directions
Search
Contact
Online Sunday Service: 10:15 am
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Church of Baton Rouge, referred to in
this policy as “we.” We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This
policy may be changed or updated from time to time. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact the webwizard. The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include your name, address, phone number, email address, or credit card number. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal
information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we share it, it would only be with your express permission.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and JavaScript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any website inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email the webwizard.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than the Unitarian Church of Baton Rouge. These hyperlinks are
provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Stones of HopeDecember 13, 2020 at 10:15 amRev. Nathan RyanCurrent NewsSpecial Holiday Services
December 4, 2020Allison HallChristmas Tree Decorating Watch Party
November 30, 2020L HartmanVirtual Caroling
November 30, 2020Allison HallHoliday Music Bingo Night
November 25, 2020Allison Hall