https://unto.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy-notice/
The mission of Unto is to express the kindness of Jesus in the toughest places on earth by relieving suffering, restoring dignity, and revealing hope.By visiting unto.com, or any other website owned by Unto Inc. (dba Unto), you accept and agree with the terms and conditions set forth in this notice. Any references to Unto Inc. in this document also apply to all Unto Inc. websites.Personal Information — Unto respects your privacy. Read our privacy policy to learn how your information is used.Secure Information — Credit card information will be processed using the detailed information you submit. For example, you may provide information for online registration or online giving. We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt credit card information provided and protect the information from being read improperly while transmitted over the internet.Password Security — If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your personal password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your personal password. Please do not share your password with anyone.General Disclaimer — This website is provided by Unto Inc. on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Unto Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, or materials included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Unto Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. Neither Unto Inc. nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors, or the like, warrant that any Unto Inc. website is free of errors, omissions, or uninterrupted service; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of an Unto Inc. website, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information content, service, or item provided through any Unto Inc. website. Unto Inc. does not warrant that any Unto Inc. website is free of bugs, viruses, other harmful components, or technical problems. Unto Inc. will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site.Jurisdiction and Law — The user agrees to Christian conciliation of any disputes relating to the site. The laws of the State of Texas will govern these terms and conditions. User consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Dallas County, the State of Texas of the United States of America for any litigation arising out of or related to use of any Unto Inc. website.Links — The Unto Inc. website contains links to other websites. Unto Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Consult the administrator of these other sites for their privacy policies.Activity — User is prohibited from posting on or transmitting through Unto Inc. website any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that would violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.Termination — Unto Inc. reserves the right to terminate site user’s access any time, at its sole discretion.Copyrights and Trademarks — Unto Inc. sites contain original and third-party materials that are protected by copyright or trademark that are possessed by Unto Inc. or used with permission from others who possess said copyright or trademark rights. All such rights are reserved to Unto Inc. Reproduction is not permitted without the expressed written consent of Unto Inc. For permission, you may contact the site administrator at info@unto.com.Policy Changes — We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these terms and conditions at any time.