https://updurns.com/terms-of-use
Free Shipping and Returns on Unengraved Items
Home
Terms of Use
UPD Urns Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Warranty / ReturnsWe are committed to providing beautiful, high-quality, personalized products. Our products are warranted to be free from defects in materials or workmanship for one year from the date of purchase. Within this period, UPD Urns will repair or replace the piece at no cost to the customer. The warranty does not cover products that have inscription errors made by the customer, products that are discolored due to environmental factors, or products that have been abused or neglected by the customer.
If you receive a damaged item, you must notify us of the incident within 72 hours. Damaged items returned will be subject to an immediate replacement subject to our Terms. Failure to follow our return policy may result in delays or additional shipping charges to be incurred by the customer. To obtain warranty/return service, please contact UPD Urns at EMAIL.
Copyright and TrademarkThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of UPD Urns, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by UPD Urns. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. Additionally, all trademarks, service marks and trade names of UPD Urns used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of UPD Urns.
Limitation of LiabilityUPD Urns shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the products on this site or the performance of the products, even if UPD Urns has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event that UPD Urns or a supplier product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, UPD Urns reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. UPD Urns reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, UPD Urns shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Order Acceptance - Confirmation:
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. UPD Urns reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Term -TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by UPD Urns without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NoticeUPD Urns may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to UPD Urns.
MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Texas. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of UPD Urns products) shall be in the state of Texas . Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of UPD Urns products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. UPD Urns failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. UPD Urns may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an UPD Urns or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation DisclaimerUPD Urns does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, UPD Urns is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, UPD Urns reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to UPD Urns in its sole discretion.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless UPD Urns, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, UPD Urns may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with UPD Urns, UPD Urns has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of UPD Urns. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, UPD Urns seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Account Login
If you have an account with us, please log in.
Request Account
Forgot Your Password?
* Required Fields
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.
Email Address*
* Required Fields
Submit
Back to Login