https://updurns.com/privacy
Free Shipping and Returns on Unengraved Items
Home
Privacy Policy
UPD Urns Privacy Policy
Effective on June 6th, 2013
This privacy statement describes how UPD Urns LLC collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: Updurns.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you
*Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
*Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
*Financial Information such as bank or brokerage account numbers, types of investments
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to
*Fulfill your order
*Send you an order confirmation
*Facilitate your transactions with other users
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information
*as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
*when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
*if UPD Urns LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
*to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We make your contact information available to other users that you transact with on this site to help complete the transaction.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use another company to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site.
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of UPD Urns LLC. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at email@updurns.com.
We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our order form or a third party payment option. If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third party payment option to pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Additional Policy Information
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at email@updurns.com.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
UPD Urns LLC
8958 Mike Garcia Dr Manassas, VA 20109
Email: email@updurns.com
Phone: 800-590-4133
Account Login
If you have an account with us, please log in.
Request Account
Forgot Your Password?
* Required Fields
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.
Email Address*
* Required Fields
Submit
Back to Login