https://urbancure.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Star Parker's CURE takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Star Parker's CURE treats personal information that Star Parker's CURE collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Star Parker's CURE products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Star Parker's CURE does not own or control, or to people that Star Parker's CURE does not employ or manage. In addition, certain Star Parker's CURE associated companies such as Google have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by visiting the sites and searching for their privacy policies.
Information Collection and Use
Star Parker's CURE collects personal information when you register with Star Parker's CURE, when you use Star Parker's CURE products or services, when you visit Star Parker's CURE pages or the pages of certain CURE's partners, and when you enter promotions, surveys, or sweepstakes. Star Parker's CURE may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with Star Parker's CURE and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. Star Parker's CURE collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of the services that we offer. Star Parker's CURE automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Star Parker's CURE cookie information, and the page you request.
Star Parker's CURE uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Children
No one under the legal age of an adult may use Star Parker's CURE's services.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Star Parker's CURE does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Star Parker's CURE under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Star Parker's CURE communicate with you about offers from Star Parker's CURE and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Star Parker's CURE's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We transfer information about you if Star Parker's CURE is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Star Parker's CURE will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Star Parker's CURE may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example, men ages 35-50 from a particular geographic area. Star Parker's CURE does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad. Star Parker's CURE advertisers include financial service providers (such as banks, insurance agents, stock brokers and mortgage lenders) and non-financial companies (such as stores, airlines, and software companies). Star Parker's CURE works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business.
Cookies
Star Parker's CURE may set and access CURE cookies on your computer. Star Parker's CURE lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Star Parker's CURE's cookies. Star Parker's CURE uses cookies only inside our network of web sites and in connection with Star Parker's CURE products and services.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your Star Parker's CURE Account Information at any time. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Star Parker's CURE service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Star Parker's CURE Newsletter, that are considered part of your Star Parker's CURE account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to Star Parker's CURE agents who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Star Parker's CURE may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Star Parker's CURE account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please complete a feedback form.
Contact us with your questions.