http://uscib.org/privacy-policy-UD-1554/
United States Council for International Business
Define your top bar navigation in Apperance > Menus
Join USCIB My USCIB The Power to Shape Policy. The Power to Expedite Trade.
Share this article:
1. This is the website of the United States Council for International Business (USCIB).
Our postal address is:
1212 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
We can be reached by telephone at (212) 354-4480.
USCIB maintains a website with two broad categories of users:
Visitors
USCIB Members
USCIB is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors and members.  To that end, below you will find the privacy policies related to each category.
2. USCIB’s Privacy Statement
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information on the USCIB website, including any mobile versions or related mobile applications, collectively called USCIB Sites, accessible on: https://www.uscib.org/. USCIB encourages you to carefully read this Privacy Policy.
The USCIB website (hereinafter: the “Site”) is provided by USCIB. By visiting the USCIB Sites and providing information to USCIB, you acknowledge that you have been informed and you consent to the Privacy Policy, including with regard to USCIB’s use and disclosure of personal information which may be collected when you contact USCIB, subscribe to USCIB email alerts and newsletters, when you register for events or training, or when you request any other products and services provided by USCIB in accordance with the purposes detailed in section 4. If you do not wish your personal information to be used by USCIB in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us this information.
3. Nature of information collected
In order to receive USCIB newsletters or information about USCIB products and services, to contact USCIB for any questions or comments, to request USCIB products and services, or to register for USCIB events and trainings, you may choose to provide some personal information. The categories of personal information that USCIB may collect for the processing purposes described hereto are: family name, first name, organization, job title, activity, main area of interest, country of residence, and email address.
4. Purposes of Data Processing
USCIB may use the personal information that you provide:
to process and respond to your questions and/or inquiries,
to send newsletters, emails, or other communications relating to products and services that may be of interest;
to recommend other USCIB services and products;
to manage your membership to USCIB;
USCIB, or third parties on its behalf, may also use information provided in an aggregate and anonymous form for internal business and planning purposes, including to analyze trends and statistics.
5. Data retention
Your data will be used solely for the purpose of sending relevant communications. USCIB will retain your personal data only for as long as it is necessary to complete the operations for which data has been collected or until you request to no longer receive communications from us, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
6. Security
Protecting your privacy and your personal information is a priority for USCIB. USCIB has taken reasonable measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse and alteration. However, please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet or storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. USCIB can only take steps to help reduce the risks of unauthorized access to information/data. Each individual using the Internet user can also take steps to help protect his/her personal information and is encouraged to do so to further minimize the likelihood that a security incident may occur.
7. Your rights
Right to request access, rectification, erasure, restriction processing, object to the processing, portability
The collected information is necessary for your registration and, more generally, for the purposes described in the section 4. It is subject to data processing at USCIB. In application of the European Regulation on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and of the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”) you will benefit from the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction processing, object to the processing, portability.
In which circumstances can you exercise your rights with USCIB?
Right of access
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller, confirmation as to whether or not their personal data is being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data is not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
The controller shall provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form.
The right to obtain a copy referred to in paragraph 3 shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to rectification
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data without undue delay and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed;
the data subject withdraws consent;
the data subject objects to the processing on grounds relating to his or her particular situation including profiling and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing for direct marketing;
the personal data has been unlawfully processed;
the personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
Where the controller has made the personal data public and is obliged pursuant to paragraph 1 to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of the personal data.
Paragraphs 1 and 2 shall not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in so far as the right referred to in paragraph 1 is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing;
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to restriction of processing
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of its use instead;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but it is required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
the data subject has objected to processing on grounds relating to his or her particular situation including profiling pending the verification of whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
Where processing has been restricted under paragraph 1, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with the data subject’s consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
A data subject who has obtained restriction of processing pursuant to paragraph 1 shall be informed by the controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.
Notification obligation regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing
The controller shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing carried out to each recipient to whom the personal data has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. The controller shall inform the data subject about those recipients if the data subject requests it.
Right to data portability
The data subject shall have the right to receive personal data which he or she has provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data has been provided, where:
the processing is based on consent; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to paragraph 1, the data subject shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible.
The exercise of the right referred to in paragraph 1 shall be without prejudice to the right of erasure. That right shall not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
The right referred to in paragraph 1 shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to object
The data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his/her particular situation, at any time to processing which is based on legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedom of the data subject. The controller shall no longer process the personal data, unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Where the data subject objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
At the time of the first communication with the data subject, the right referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be explicitly brought to the attention of the data subject and shall be presented clearly and separately from any other information.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, the data subject may exercise his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
Where personal data is processed for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes, the data subject, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, shall have the right to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Right to object to automated individual decision-making, including profiling
The data subject shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him/her or similarly significantly affects him/her.
Paragraph 1 shall not apply if the decision:
is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller;
is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
is based on the data subject’s explicit consent.
In the cases referred to in points (a) and (c) of paragraph 2, the data controller shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his/her point of view and to contest the decision.
Right to unsubscribe
If you no longer wish to receive communications from USCIB, you may opt out contacting USCIB.
9. Cookies Policy
General
Subject to your prior explicit consent where such consent is required by the applicable law in your jurisdiction, USCIB Sites use “cookies” (i.e., small text files which are downloaded to a user’s device when visiting the USCIB Sites) in order to improve navigation around the USCIB Sites for the user and improve the quality of the USCIB Sites.
By using https://uscib.org/, you consent to the use of cookies. If you do not consent to such use, you may disable these cookies through your browser.
Which cookies are we using?
USCIB uses cookies to save your logged in status and track that you have visited the site. This is useful for you and means that you do not have to login to access your preferences each time you visit the USCIB website. This is also useful for us as it helps us gauge how many users have visited our site.
The Site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics cookies, which are text files on your computers, help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity on the number of users and type of use pertaining to the USCIB Site. More information on Google Analytics is available under: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Managing Cookies
Parameters of web browsers by default are generally set up in such a manner to accept cookies but you can easily change those parameters by modifying your preferences. If you choose to deactivate cookies, some functionalities, pages or parts of the USCIB Site may not be accessible. USCIB is not responsible in such cases.
10. Links to Other Sites
The https://uscib.org/ site may contain links to or from a number of third party websites (hereinafter referred to as “Third Party Sites”). USCIB does not, in any way, control or operate the Third Party Sites. USCIB is not responsible for the privacy practices, content, policies or actions of the Third Party Sites. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to general information processed by the USCIB Sites, pursuant to information collected on USCIB Sites. The use of any information you may provide to third parties on Third Party Sites, or which such parties may otherwise collect on other websites, is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
11. Social Networks
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn or services with user-generated content features are integrated into the USCIB Sites. Where the USCIB Sites contain a plug-in to a social network site, these are clearly marked (e.g. with a Facebook button). If you choose to click on one of these buttons or links, your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network. The other website’s privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide to that website. If you do not want the social network to collect the information about you, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit the USCIB Site.
12. Intellectual Property (IP) / Content
All content displayed on the USCIB Sites, including but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, images, sounds, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software, is the property of USCIB or its content suppliers and is protected by the United States and/or foreign applicable laws.
Registered trademarks of USCIB are marks indicated on the USCIB Sites and include licensors, in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks that appear on the USCIB Sites are the property of their respective owners.
You are prohibited from using, without permission, any of the marks, trademarks, trade names, service names, logos or other proprietary graphic appearing throughout the USCIB Sites. For more information, please read the All Rights Reserved section on this website.
13. Updates to Privacy Policy
To the extent permitted by applicable law in your jurisdiction, USCIB may, from time to time, revise or update this Privacy Policy. You agree to be bound by such modifications or updates. If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes that you have not consented to, we will notify you of the changes and, as the case may be, ask for your explicit consent.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through the USCIB Sites. By continuing to use the USCIB Sites following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.
Last updated 25/05/2018
This entry was posted in Uncategorized. Bookmark the permalink.
Modified on May 25, 2018
Posted on June 1, 1996
Staff Contact:   Kira YevtukhovaDeputy Director, Marketing and CommunicationsTel: 202.617.3160Kira Yevtukhova manages USCIB’s print and online publications, including the website, e-newsletter and quarterly magazine, and serves as the organization’s digital media strategist. Prior to this role, Kira worked for over five years within USCIB’s Policy Department, focusing on climate change, environment, nutrition, health, and chemicals related policy issues. She is a graduate of Mount Holyoke College and is currently pursuing an MBA at Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business.Read More
Related Content
Business Continuity During COVID-19
Visit the following pages for more information:[...]
International Business Bookstore for Incoterms® 2020 Materials
Subscribe to the USCIB Bookstore Newsletter to stay updated on the release of Incoterms® 2020.[...]
Seminar on International Arbitration of Life Sciences Disputes
International Arbitration of Life Sciences Disputes: Key Issues and Best Practices Description: The life sciences industry[...]
Unilever’s Polman Exhorts Industry to Redouble Action on Sustainability
Business leaders must increase their commitment to sustainability, partnering with governments, international organizations and NGOs,[...]
2018 USCIB International Leadership Award Dinner
USCIB is delighted to honor Paul Polman, chief executive officer of Unilever. Each year this gala event[...]
USCIB Policy AreasBusiness in Society
Competitiveness and Innovation
Open Markets
Sustainable Development
Related CommitteesMarketing and AdvertisingBrowse Our ContentFrom the President
News Stories
Press Releases
Policy Positions and Statements
Member Staff News
Op-Eds and Speeches
WP ID: 1214 - Doc ID: 1554
About
USCIB at a Glance
Mission Statement
Leadership
Meet the Staff
Publications
The USCIB Foundation
Membership
Employment Opportunities
Contact USCIB
Global Network
Overview
Business at OECD (BIAC)
International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
International Organization of Employers (IOE)
Policy Advocacy
Overview
Growth, Jobs, and Open Markets
Competitiveness and Innovation
Sustainable Development
Business in Society
Policy Priorities
Policy Committees
Trade Services
Overview
ATA Carnet
International Business Bookstore
Incoterms® 2020
Dispute Resolution
What We Do
ICC Rules
ICC Commission on Arbitration and ADR
USCIB’s Arbitration Committee
Nominations Commission
Abritrator/Mediator/Expert Database
How to join
Membership
Join USCIB
Sole Practitioners Program
News
What’s New at USCIB
Press Center
Events
Contact an Expert
Join USCIB My USCIB The Power to Shape Policy. The Power to Expedite Trade.