https://utahfostercare.org/privacy/
Privacy - Utah Foster Care
1 (877) 505-5437
About Us
Donate
¡Bienvenido!
Utah Foster Care
Become a Foster Parent
Overview
Qualifications
Plenty of Support
The Children
Foster a Child You Know (Kinship)
Adopt thru Foster Care
Overview
Qualifications
Adopt a Waiting Child
Foster-to-adopt
Training for Parents
Overview
Prospective Foster/Adoptive Families
Current Foster/Adoptive Families
Kinship Families
Level III Families
Annual Symposium
Foster Parent Resources
Overview
Foster Roster
Ready Reference
Support Groups (Clusters)
Foster Parent Mentors
Wishing Well Fund
Renew Your License
Get Involved
Volunteer
Personal Donation
Corporate Giving
Give While You Shop
Privacy
We Value Your Privacy
Utah Foster Care (UFC) values your privacy as much as we value your commitment to Utah’s children in foster care. And that’s why we both have and comply with the below privacy policy.
Please note: Our mission is to find, educate, and nurture families for children in foster care in Utah. That means we partner with many third party groups — such as the State Office of Licensing (OL) and the Utah Division of Child & Family Services (DCFS). By using our web site, you recognize that information we collect from you may be shared with these and other partners in order to fulfill our mission.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you respond to a survey, fill out a form, or comment on our Facebook properties.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or names of family members or other parties.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our level of service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your requests and needs.
To process transactions: your information — whether public or private — will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to another company that is not expressly involved in fulfilling the mission of UFC.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic e-mails.
How do we protect your information?
We follow industry standards for protecting our servers and the data stored on them.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other’s rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We will disclose your personal information to third parties ONLY in the following circumstances: 1) You request more information about becoming a foster parent and wish to begin the process in which case, we will furnish your private information to the DCFS and other related offices. 2) You are signing up for a camp or activity funded or sponsored by UFC where we are required to provide some personal information (e.g. Foster Family Camp at Aspen Grove or Chalk Art Festival). 3) You are making a donation to our web site in which case our auditors may view your donation transaction to verify its legitimacy. 4) You make comments on our blog that suggest the need for law enforcement intervention.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. For a review of personal information collected please contact Lee Wright, at (801) 413-7520.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
A Word to Our Parents
Inasmuch as we are discussing privacy, we would like to take this opportunity to remind our parents to refrain from sharing information via the web that could lead to the identification by the public, of any child placed in your care. This might include tweeting about a placed child by name; sharing a photograph of a placed child in a public or semi-public forum; or making a Facebook post that includes names or photos of placed children. This would not include using the name of a placed child in a private e-mail or e-mailing a family photo to grandparents.
As always, best judgment should be used.
•  •  •
This policy was last modified on 22 February 2012.
Latest News
Latest news
October 10, 2020
Words Matter
Read more…
Upcoming Events
Mon
12
Ask a Foster Parent: Zoom!
October 12 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Mon
19
CANCELLED: Pumpkin Festival
October 19 @ 4:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Jaker’s Jack-O-Lanterns
Springville
UT
United States
Wed
21
Ask a Foster Parent: Adoption! – Zoom!
October 21 @ 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm
Online – Zoom Meeting!
UT
United States
Tue
27
Ask a Foster Parent: LGBTQ Children
October 27 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Online – Zoom Meeting!
UT
United States
Nov
04
ASK A FOSTER PARENT: ADOPTION!
November 4 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Nov
18
ASK A FOSTER PARENT: ADOPTION!
November 18 @ 12:30 pm - 1:30 pm
Online – Zoom Meeting!
UT
United States
Jan
20
Ask a Foster Parent: Teens!
January 20, 2021 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm
View More…
Quick LinksContact Us
Jobs
Employees Only
Community Partners
Privacy
Serving Utah’s Children since 1999
In partnership with the Utah Division of Child & Family Services
FosterRoster
ReadyReference
Navigation
We are available for online appts. and training for new foster parents. Call or email!
Hello. Add your message here.