https://utsnyc.edu/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
About
Union at a Glance
Mission & Vision
Union News
Union at a Glance
Mission & Vision
Union News
Administration
Board of Trustees
Map & Contacts
Careers at Union
Institutional Information
Admissions
Why Union?
Schedule a Tour
Apply to UNION
Why Union?
Introduce Yourself
Contact Admissions
Application Procedures
Financial Aid
Dates & Deadlines
FAQ
Academics
Degree Programs
Life in New York
Faculty
Degree Programs
Continuing Education
Registrar
EDS at Union
Faculty
Field Education
Ph.D. Students
Burke Library
Career Pathways
Life at Union
Life in the Big Apple
Programs & Events
Institutes & Initiatives
Institutes & Initiatives
Student Affairs
Worship
Student Orientation
Field Education
Student Senate & Caucuses
Programs & Events
Union Housing
Campus Services
Life in the Big Apple
Alumni/ae
Alumni/ae Profiles
Alumni/ae Events
Giving
Alumni/ae Services
Alumni/ae Profiles
Alumni/ae Council
Alumni/ae Events
Union Collective Magazine
Why Give to Union?
Privacy Policy
Web Privacy Policy
Use of Links
Throughout our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers.
Use of Text & Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our Web site, please send your request to online@uts.columbia.edu. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page.
Accessibility
This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at online@uts.columbia.edu.
Privacy Policy
We have created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be use only to provide you with more target content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your e-mail to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we’ll only send you the kinds of information you’ve requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Questions about Our Policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at online@uts.columbia.edu.
GET THE LATEST NEWS AND EVENTS IN YOUR INBOX
Prospective Student
Introduce Yourself
Apply to Union
Schedule a Tour
Financial Aid
Current Students
Moodle
Registrar
Field Education
Course Registration
Faculty
Course Catalog
FAWeb
The Union Alumni/ae Network
Programs & Events
Update Your Contact Info
Transcripts, Verifications, & Replacement Diplomas
Create Your Alumni/ae Profile
© 2020 Union Theological Seminary, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap