http://uuakron.org/staging/2333/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Unitarian Universalist Church of Akron
3300 Morewood Rd
Fairlawn, Oh 44333
Office Hours:
Tuesday -Friday 9am-2pm, closed Mondays
Phone:  330-836-2206
Fax:  330-836-3106
Email:  office@uuakron.org
Problem with website contact webmaster.
Unitarian Universalist Church of Akron
one church, many paths
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
Worship Services 10:30 am
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by The Unitarian Universalist Church of Akron, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, mailing address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than The Unitarian Universalist Church of Akron. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Search for:
Search
Recent PostsKate’s Corner-December President’s Corner – December
News Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
Upcoming Services 12/13/2020 at 10:30 amAbby L'Bert, Rev. Kate LandisAdvent and the mystical Zoastrians waiting for a messiah.
Today’s service will be about how the Zoastrian faith- one much more mystical and “eastern” than western Christianity- inspired the Christmas story and sculpted how we think of Jesus and his family.
Upcoming EventsWhole Foods Distribution12/13/20UUCA Parents Support12/15/20Musical Fun with Mr. David12/16/20