https://uucleveland.org/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy - Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Cleveland
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Cleveland
Community. Spirituality. Justice.
Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
21600 shaker Blvd | Shaker Heights OH
Sunday Services at 11:00 am
Toggle navigation
Menu
Main Navigation
Home
Community
Visiting Us
The Path to Membership
Small Group Ministry
Forums
Giving
Ministerial Search
Spirituality
Our Beliefs
About Worship
Upcoming Worship Services
Past Worship Services
Justice
Social Justice
Sunday Forums
Learning
Learning Overview
Youth Education Programs
Adult Programs
About
Our Story
Our Minister and Staff
Our Governance
An LGBTQ Welcoming Congregation
Location and Accessibility
Contact
Congregation News
Calendar
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Cleveland, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at erin.justice@uucleveland.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, and email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we share it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at erin.justice@uucleveland.org.
Section Navigation
Upcoming ServicesCovenant is a VerbSeptember 18, 2020 11AMDr. Allan Georgia, Mark WeberWhat makes our community different from a group of neighbors gathering together? We covenant with one another. Looking back at 4,000 years of religious history, let’s explore what it means to be in covenant. And looking ahead at the years to come, let’s consider what … read more.
Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Cleveland (2020)
Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
InSpirit UU Books & Gifts