https://uufn.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark 420 Willa Road
Newark, DE 19711
Directions
302.368.2984
Office@uufn.org
Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark
The UUFN is a community of spiritual seekers inspired to promote a just and compassionate world.
Facebook Instagram
Directions
Search
Contact
Members & Friends
Sunday Services (VIRTUAL): 10:30am
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by The Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: President@uufn.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, interests and skills. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
We use the information you provide to help us build a loving community.  The information will not be shared outside of our community.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at President@uufn.org/
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Search for:
Upcoming Services:Santa , Camels, and Festivals of Light!Sunday, December 13, 2020, 10:30amReligious Education ParticipantsThe Children of UUFN will present this service complete with our annual holiday play (now transformed to Zoom!) Come see what we have to share about this Holiday Season. 10:00 am Virtual door open; 10:30 am [sharp] Worship Service. This year’s holiday play was generously … read more.
Recent Posts
Fundraising Note
Holiday Greetings 2020 from Rev. Susan Frederick-Gray
UUFN Holiday Calendar
Share the plate December-Delaware Center for Justice
UUFN Endowment Grant Applications Due, Dec. 1, 2020
Recent Comments
Newark, DE 19711
Directions
302.368.2984
Office@uufn.org
Sign up for our weekly newsletter:
First name
Last name
Email address
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
© 2020 Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark
Facebook Instagram
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility