https://uusalem.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Salem
5090 Center Street NE
Salem, OR 97317
Phone: 503-364-0932
Email: office@uusalem.org
Office Hours
Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Salem
Diverse people. Diverse beliefs. One community.
Facebook
Find Us
Search
Contact Us
Contribute
Until further notice, Sunday services will be recorded and viewable online.
The church is closed.
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Salem (UUCS), referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:webteam@uusalem.org, or by leaving a message at the UUCS office. We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at webteam@uusalem.org.
Our Photo and Video Policy
Photos and videos add color and interest to our new website, and many members enjoy spotting familiar faces in the various group shots.  However, some people don’t want this publicity.  If you are one of them and you spot yourself in a photo or video, please email us at webteam@uusalem.org  or call the church office and the photo will be removed.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than UUCS. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these web sites or any association with their operators.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis when they sign up for our email lists. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, and  email address.  We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users so that we can assess the use of our website and its pages. The companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Upcoming ServiceDecember 13, 2020Reverend Rick DavisDecember 16 will be Beethoven’s 250th Anniversary. It’s a good time to share my personal story of how this great artist changed my life in profound and meaningful ways.
Contribute to Time for Generosity
Read Joys and Concerns
Check back later for the streaming link to the live service.
Join the Children & Family Service at 9:45 am
Compassionate Connections @ Noon