https://vaccinechoicecanada.com/about/we-protect-your-privacy/
About Vaccines
Vaccination: Basic Concerns
Children’s Health in Decline
Contraindications to Vaccination
Parent’s Guide to Vaccination
Adverse Events – Unreported
Disease Trends
General Issues
Informed Consent – Mature Minor – Ethics
Politics of Vaccination
Healthcare Worker & Student Vaccines
Herd Immunity
Doctors Speak
Parents Speak
Reports
Specific Vaccines
Vaccine Ingredients
Health Risks
Science
Exemptions
Legal Exemption Forms
Canadian Medical Law
Ontario Daycare Exemptions
Immunization Not Mandatory in Canada
Threats to Exemptions
Take Action / Events
Personal Stories
Alternatives
Alternatives – Specific Infections
Articles
Resources
Child Health Links
Pro-vaccine websites
Video & Audio
Home
About VCC
Policy Statement on Vaccination
Who We Are & What We Do
VCC History
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Join
Report a Reaction
Bookstore
Contact
Member’s Area
Journal Archive
Site Map
Media
You are here: Home / About VCC / Privacy PolicyWebsite Visitors
Like most website operators, Vaccine Choice Canada, operators of the website Vaccinechoicecanada.com, collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Vaccine Choice Canada’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Vaccinechoicecanada.com visitors use its website. From time to time, Vaccine Choice Canada may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Vaccine Choice Canada also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Vaccine Choice Canada does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Vaccine Choice Canada’s websites choose to interact with Vaccinechoicecanada.com in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who want to receive periodic email bulletins from Vaccine Choice Canada to provide their name and email address to our YourMailingListProvider sign up page. YourMailingListProvider has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control.
Those who engage in transactions with Vaccine Choice Canada – by registering as a member for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. All financial payments and donations are processed through our website by Paypal and at events by Square, Inc. In each case, Vaccine Choice Canada collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Vaccine Choice Canada. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Vaccine Choice Canada may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Vaccine Choice Canada may monitor the most popular parts of the Vaccinechoicecanada.com website. Vaccine Choice Canada may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Vaccine Choice Canada does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Vaccine Choice Canada discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the Vaccine Choice Canada’s behalf or to provide services available at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Vaccine Choice Canada websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Vaccine Choice Canada will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Vaccine Choice Canada discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Vaccine Choice Canada believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Vaccine Choice Canada, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Vaccine Choice Canada website and have supplied your email address, Vaccine Choice Canada may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or to keep you up to date with information about Vaccine Choice Canada. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Vaccine Choice Canada takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Vaccinechoicecanada.com use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of the websites, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Vaccine Choice Canada websites, with the drawback that certain features of the websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Google Analytics
We use “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of data about how visitors are using the websites. Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis. This means that the cookies are linked to a specific website domain, and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on that specific website. According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.
If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your web browser. For more information please visit Google Analytics.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Vaccine Choice Canada may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Vaccine Choice Canada’s sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. This policy was last modified May 7, 2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Vaccine Choice Canada
PO Box 23023
Belleville, Ontario
CANADA K8P 5J3
Email: info@vaccinechoicecanada.com
Share this:Related Pages
The Purpose Of Our Organization
Policy Statement on Vaccination
Who We Are and What We Do
History
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Articles by Category
About Vaccines (178)
Adverse Events (106)
Compensation (5)
Contraindications (1)
Herd Immunity (11)
Informed Consent – Mature Minor – Ethics (80)
Reports (13)
Disease Trends (27)
Doctors Speak (54)
Exemptions (161)
Take Action (107)
Threats to Exemptions (144)
Health Risks (147)
Anaphylaxis, Allergies, and Asthma (26)
Autism (55)
Brain and Neurological Injuries (37)
Cancer (3)
Decline in Children's Health (26)
Gulf War Syndrome (4)
Infertility (1)
Obesity and Diabetes (4)
Pregnancy – Risks to the Foetus (5)
SIDS-SBS (12)
Media (82)
Parents Speak (32)
Personal Stories (28)
Politics of Vaccination (39)
Resources (53)
Books & Periodicals (1)
PDF files (3)
Videos (0)
Specific Vaccines (218)
Chickenpox and Shingles Vaccines (12)
Diphtheria, Tetanus, Pertussis, and Hib Vaccine (38)
Healthcare Worker & Student Vaccines (15)
Hepatitis-B Vaccine (20)
HPV Vaccine (19)
Influenza Vaccine (46)
Measles, Mumps, & Rubella Vaccine (47)
Meningococcal Disease Vaccine (9)
Pet Vaccines (1)
Pneumococcal Disease Vaccine (4)
Polio Vaccine (13)
Rotavirus Vaccine (1)
Smallpox Vaccine (4)
Travel Vaccines (1)
Vaccine Alternatives (13)
Vaccine Alternatives – General (7)
Vaccine Alternatives – Specific Infections (6)
Vaccine Ingredients (69)
Aluminum (23)
Biological Ingredients (15)
Chemical Ingredients (15)
Food Allergens (4)
Mercury (24)
Oil-based Adjuvants (11)
Join Vaccine Choice Canada
To support our educational and outreach work , please join Vaccine Choice Canada today.
Sign Me Up!
Log In
Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
About Vaccine Choice Canada
Vaccine Choice Canada is a volunteer run, federally registered … read more
Our Mission
Vaccine Choice Canada (formerly VRAN) continues the work of … more
Disclaimer
The contents of this website are for informational purposes … more
Find More on
Decline in Children's Health (26)
Doctors Speak (54)
Exemptions (129)
Health Risks (39)
Parents Speak (32)
Personal Stories (28)
Resources (52)
Specific Vaccines (92)
Vaccine Alternatives (8)
Vaccine Ingredients (22)
Personal Stories
In 2013, I contracted the H1N1 strain of flu.  I was deathly … [Read More...]I was born in the mid 1980’s and was fully vaccinated as a … [Read More...]By Shanna Mi    November 2019
It was a glorious late … [Read More...]July 2002
Today is my daughter's sweet 16th birthday but … [Read More...]More Personal Stories
Featured Articles
by Sean Arthur Joyce
The BC government has been cited by … [Read More...]Covid-19 Vaccine Clinical Trials: Failure to Properly Assess … [Read More...]As of December 3, 2020
1. Mandatory Vaccination Policies … [Read More...]How to Tips
Please watch this short video, “How to Make a … [Read More...]More News Articles