http://vaisnavacalendar.info/privacy-policy-gdpr
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Calendar events
Ekadasi, Dwadasi, Caturmasya
Major Festivals
Saints & Acaryas
Other Festivals / Observances
Calendar file downloads
TXT Calendar Files / 2020 – 2022
ICS (ICAL) Calendar Files,
2020 – 2022
How to: ICS
CSV Calendar Files,
2020 – 2022
Fasting indications
About the Vaisnava calendar
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY
Read our cookie policy here
BY SIGNING UP FOR A VAISNAVACALENDAR.INFO (THE “SERVICE PROVIDER”) ACCOUNT AND/OR USING ITS SERVICES, WEBSITE AND, MOBILE APPLICATIONS, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. ANY USER’S USE OR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER’S SERVICES, WEBSITES OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Privacy Policy (“Policy”): The Service Provider cares about your privacy. For this reason, the Service Provider collects and uses personal data only as it might be needed for the Service Provider to deliver services, websites and/or mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”). Your personal data includes information such as:
Name
City Location
Email address
IP Address
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.
This Policy explains how and what data the Service Provider collects and how the Service Provider uses your personal data. This Policy also describes options the Service Provider provides for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that the Service Provider processes. If at any time you have questions about the Service Provider practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach the Service Provider Data Protection Team by contacting the Service Provider at ccd(AT)vaisnavacalendar(DOT)info. This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that the Service Provider can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust.
Changes to the Privacy Policy: As the Services may change from time to time, this Policy could change as well. The Service Provider reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend this Policy at any time, for any reason, which amendment(s) will be effective upon posting to our website. The date of the last revision to this Policy will be indicated by the “Last Updated” date located at the end of this Policy. Your use of the Services after such changes or modifications have been made shall constitute your acceptance of this Policy as last revised. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) the Services. In addition, the Service Provider may occasionally notify you of changes or modifications to this Policy by email. It is therefore important that you keep your account information accurate. The Service Provider assumes no liability or responsibility for your failure to receive an email notification if such failure results from an inaccurate email address.
Information That the Company Collects:
Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information: The Service Provider collects information online that identifies you (“Personally Identifiable Information”) when you provide such information on the Service Provider website. The types of Personally Identifiable Information collected are Internet Protocol (IP) address, your name, city location, and your email address.
Non-Personal Data: As you interact with the Service Provider through our online resources (visiting the VaisnavaCalendar.info website), the Service Provider may also collect information about your browsing history or certain other information that is not considered Personally Identifiable Information through your use of and visits to these resources through a variety of technologies, including, but not limited to, cookies, tags, beacons, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and other tools. “Cookies” are pieces of code or text placed on your computer when you browse a website. Cookies may be placed by the Service Provider or our web analytics third party vendors or partners. “Tags” and web beacons refer to code scripts that are primarily used to track visitor activities by web analytics software. The types of non-personal data collected on the Service Provider website(s) through the use of these, and other tools may include the search terms you used, new or returning user, browser information, computer type, operating system, internet service providers, website usage, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, ads viewed, among other non-personal data (collectively, all of the foregoing data is considered “Non-Personal Data”). Additionally, Cookies, Tags and other tools placed by our web analytics third party vendors or partners may collect other information about you and your visits to websites and elsewhere on the Internet including, but not limited to, your industry, Service Provider size, among other Non-Personal Data.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies, or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Read our full cookie policy here
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
How the Company Uses and Shares Personally Identifiable Information: The Company strongly believes in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which the Company has been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services, or (3) as the Company might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes.
Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information. Once collected, the Company may use your Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of ways including, but not limited to:
Provide service communications such as send reminders, subscription registrations and confirmations, and customer service messages.
Respond to your emails or online requests for services, or information.
Fulfill and/or deliver the Services.
Tailor advertising marketing to you.
Share with third parties as required by law or to protect the Company as described below.
Share your email address as permitted under this Policy as described below in this Section.
Communicate with you.
Improve and optimize the operation and performance of the Services.
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services.
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems.
Collecting aggregate statistics about use of the Services.
Transfer of personal data abroad. If you utilize the Services from a country other than the country where the Company servers are located (Netherlands, Europe), your communications with the Company (based in Hungary, Europe) may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. In this case, your personal data is handled according to this Policy.
Sharing Your Personally Identifiable Information with Certain Other Companies. The Company will not share any Personally Identifiable Information, including email addresses, with any other companies, organizations or individuals.
Sharing Your Personally Identifiable Information When Legally Necessary or to Protect the Company’s Interests. The Company may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on the Company, including, but not limited to, compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests. In such instances, the Company cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. the Company will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as the Company, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity the Company considers to be illegal or unethical. To the extent the Company is legally permitted to do so, the Company will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that the Company is required to provide your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties as part of legal process; (b) protect and/or defend the rights or property of the Company; (c) protect the personal safety of the Company personnel or users of the public in appropriate circumstances; or (d) if the Company and/or its assets (or a portion of its assets) are sold, assigned, transferred, or merged or if the Company undergoes some other change including a change to its corporate form as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, information may be transferred as part of that transaction or change.
Sharing Your Email Address Pursuant to the Company Policy. We do not share, sell or rent email addresses to anyone. The Company will also not share email addresses to unrelated third-parties or affiliates.
How to Manage the Sharing of Your Personally Identifiable Information: To easily access, view, or update your personal data (where available), please use the unsubscribe links in provided in email communications, and / or request that your information be deleted, please email:
ccd(AT)vaisnavacalendar(DOT)info.
How the Company May Use and Share Non-Personal Data: Through the use of various technological tools, the Company may collect Non-Personal Data. The Company may share the Non-Personal Data collected with third parties or permit third parties to place tools like Cookies, Tags and web beacons, to collect additional Non-Personal Data when you browse the Company websites. The Company does not share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties with whom it shares your Non-Personal Data. Please note that you may be subject to the privacy policies of non-Company companies when you select advertising links or other links that take you to sites not operated by the Company.
Remarketing Services: Vaisnavacalendar.Info uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
For information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
California and GDPR Privacy Rights: In addition to the rights as explained in this Policy, under California’s “Shine the Light” law and/or the European General Data Protection Rules (GDPR), the Company members or non-Company users who provide personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light statute and/or the GDPR) in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from the Company, once a calendar year, information about the personal information it shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which the Company shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2020 will receive information about 2019). To obtain this information, please send your request to (please include your full name and address, domain name(s))
Gaura Bt. / Vaisnava Calendar.
Attn: Data Protection Team
Csepregi u. 2
Somogyvamos, 8699, Hungary
Canada Anti-Spam Law (CASL) and GDPR: Non-Company users who have provided the Company a Canadian or European Union mailing address will not receive unauthorized Commercial Electronic Messages (CEMs) as defined under CASL and GDPR unless these individuals have opted-in to receive CEMs. To easily access, view, update, delete or port your personal data (where available), or to update your subscription preferences, please use the unsubscribe links sent in email reminders. If you are a resident of the European Union Economic Area and believe we maintain your personal data subject to the GDPR, you may direct questions or complaints (however, we still recommend that you contact us first) to our lead supervisory authority, the Hungarian Information Commissioner’s Office, as noted below:
Hungarian National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
H-1125 Budapest, Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C.
Telephone: +36 -1-391-1400
https://www.naih.hu/general-information.html
Data Retention: We may retain your Personally Identifiable Information (as well as your Users-of-Users’ Information) for as long as your account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services. We may continue to retain such Personally Identifiable Information even after you deactivate your account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests. We maintain a data retention policy which we apply to information in our care. Where your Personally Identifiable Information is no longer required, we will ensure it is securely deleted.
Age Restrictions: Our Services are not permitted to children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 should provide any Personal Information to us through any of our Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18. Parents and guardians should supervise their children’s activities at all times. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided the Company with any personal data, please contact us at ccd(AT)vaisnavacalendar(DOT)info.
Information Security: The Company implements commercially reasonable security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. The Company restricts access to personal information to certain companies who may need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve the Services. These individuals or partner organizations are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, the Company cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Society, or to or from the Company online services. If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us.
Linking to Other Internet Sites: You should be aware that other Internet sites that are linked from the Company websites or from Company email messages may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of this Policy. To ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy statements of these other linked sites, applications, or other digital platforms.
How You Can Access and Change Information: If you are a registered user of the Company website or Services, you may update or delete your information by contacting us at ccd(AT)vaisnavacalendar(DOT)info.
Contact Us: If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact us by mail at Gaura Bt. / Vaisnava Calendar. Attn: Data Protection Team, Csepregi u. 2, Somogyvamos, 8699, Hungary, by email at ccd(AT)vaisnavacalendar(DOT)info. We will attempt to resolve any complaints regarding the use of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) calendar days.
Revised: March 20th, 2020
Search
Search for:
Info pagesSignup to receive email reminders
Fasting indications
Daylight savings
Freeware desktop programs
Community Poster
Advertising
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Cookie Policy
Contact us
Adverts
click here to advertise on this siteUsers OnlineUsers: 10 Guests, 2 Bots
Support this service
This service sends 3.6 million email reminders / year.
There are some overheads: servers, admin & developing.
(approx. 3,000 usd yearly)
Please support this seva - pledge a one time donation using the form below.
Thank you!
Your opinion please
About VaisnavaCalendar.Info’s e-mail reminders and downloadable calendar files are made using calculations from the very latest ISKCON-approved Gcal 11 software written by the GBC Calendar Committee.
Read more…
Info page linksAbout the Vaisnava calendar
Calendar events
Fasting indications
Daylight savings
Community Poster
Freeware desktop programs
Other pagesSitemap
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Cookie Policy
Contact us
Scroll back to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTFull Privacy Policy & GDPR Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookie Policy & Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.