https://valleysfamilychurch.org/vfc-privacy-policy/
NavigationHome
Events
Main Meeting
Homegroups
Enquirers
New Believers
Children
Youth
Men’s prayer Breakfast
Special Events
Calendar of Events
About Us
Finding Us
Our Vision
The Dream
Our Beliefs
Firm Foundations
Basis of Faith
Our Background
Our Leaders
Our Area
VFC Privacy Policy
VFC Cookie Policy
Links and Downloads
VFC Sermons
Sermons 2020
Sermons 2019
Sermons 2018
Sermons 2017
Sermons 2016
Sermons 2015
Sermons 2014
Sermons 2013
Sermons 2012
Sermons 2011
Sermons 2010
Sermons 2009
Sermons 2008
Sermons 2007
Sermons 2006
Combined Teaching Series
News & Blogs
Gallery
Word For Today
Mission Facts of the Day
Links
Members Area
Find God
Real Life Stories
Fulfilled Predictions
What Jesus Did For Us
Starting to Grow as a Christian
Contact Us
<>
LIVESTREAMING SUNDAYS 11am & TUESDAYS 7:30pm ON FACEBOOK
https://www.facebook.com/valleysfamilychurch
Sundays 11am streaming worship & sermon.
Tuesdays 7:30pm streaming Bible Study.
Learn More About Us
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK
Sundays 11am
Tuesdays 7:30pm
Find Us on Facebook
Find God
There exists in all of us a God-shaped hole…
…that nothing else can satisfy
more
OUR BUILDING PROJECT
We are now meeting in our new building, but you watch the original visualisation here
More details
Privacy Policy
Valleys Family Church (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to therein) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Valleys Family church of Tabor Centre, 18 Davies Street, Brynmawr, Blaenau Gwent, NP23 4AD.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites valleysfamilychurch.org and taborcentre.org. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Valleys Family Church, our members, or others.
Your rights
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to stuart@valleysfamilychurch.org