https://vancouverislandy.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
The YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island respects the right of individuals to the protection of their personal information.
Principle 1 – Accountability
The YMCA-YWCA is responsible for personal information under its control and shall designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for YMCA-YWCA compliance with established privacy principles.
Staff and relevant volunteers shall follow the privacy protection practices established by the YMCA-YWCA when collecting, using, disclosing and safeguarding personal information.
Upon request by an individual, staff and volunteers shall make known contact information for the Privacy Officer, to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded about our YMCA-YWCA privacy protection procedure and practices.
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes
The YMCA-YWCA shall identify the purposes for collecting personal information before or at the time personal information is collected.
The YMCA-YWCA needs to collect, use and disclose some information about its participants, members, donors, parents/guardians, staff and volunteers, in order to conduct its operations, and deliver YMCA-YWCA programs and services to the communities it serves.
The YMCA-YWCA shall indicate either verbally, electronically or in writing, before or at the time personal information is collected, the purpose for which it is being collected.
Principle 3 – Consent
The knowledge and consent of an individual is required for the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, except where not required by law (see Exceptions).
In general, the following actions by an individual constitute implied consent for the YMCA-YWCA to collect, use and disclose personal information for purposes identified to the individual:
registration for YMCA-YWCA programs and services;
completion of a donation pledge form;
acceptance of employment and benefits enrollment by an employee;
acceptance of a volunteer position or student placement.
Individuals may at any time withdraw their consent to the YMCA-YWCA’s use or disclosure of their personal information, subject to certain service, legal or contractual restrictions. Individuals wishing to withdraw consent may contact the YMCA-YWCA for more information regarding the opt-out process and implications of withdrawing consent.
Exceptions
The YMCA-YWCA may collect, use or disclose information without an individual’s prior knowledge or consent in certain circumstances permitted by law. YMCA-YWCA may disclose personal information without prior knowledge or consent of the individual:
To a lawyer or other legal representative of the YMCA-YWCA;
To a government body or agency in certain circumstances;
To collect a debt, or comply with a subpoena, warrant or other court order, or as may be otherwise required by law;
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by law;
When the personal information is available from a public source (e.g., a telephone directory);
In an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health, or personal security;
To protect ourselves from fraud;
To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law;
In circumstances otherwise permitted by law.
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection
The YMCA-YWCA shall limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the YMCA-YWCA. Information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.
When collecting personal information, staff and volunteers will usually collect it directly from the individuals (or legal guardians) about whom the personal information pertains.
Personal information may be collected from other sources with prior consent from the individual, for example, from prior employers, personal references or from other third parties having the right to disclose the information.
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
The YMCA-YWCA shall not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
Principle 6 – Accuracy
Personal information shall be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Personal information used by the YMCA-YWCA shall be sufficiently accurate, complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inaccurate information is being used to make a decision about an individual.
Principle 7 – Safeguards
The YMCA-YWCA shall protect personal information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
All staff and volunteers with access to information shall be required as a condition of employment or volunteer role, to respect the confidentiality of personal information.
Principle 8 – Openness
The YMCA-YWCA shall make readily available to individuals, information about its procedures and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Information on the YMCA-YWCA’s commitment to privacy is available to the public on the YMCA-YWCA’s web site at www.vancouverislandy.com or by contacting the YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island.
Principle 9 – Individual Access
The YMCA-YWCA shall upon request inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall give the individual access to that information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Exceptions to access
The YMCA-YWCA may not be able to provide an individual with access to some or all of his or her personal information in certain circumstances permitted by law. Some exceptions include if:
doing so would likely reveal personal information about a third party;
disclosure could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another individual;
information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement, or a contravention of law, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Principle 10 – Challenging Compliance
An individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated persons accountable for YMCA-YWCA compliance. Individuals with a complaint or concern about YMCA-YWCA information handling practices should contact the supervisor of the YMCA-YWCA service area. In most cases, talking with senior staff will resolve a complaint. Individuals may contact the Branch Manager to discuss their question.
Available Resources
For more information on our YMCA-YWCA commitment to privacy, please contact the YMCA-YWCA’s Privacy Officer in writing at:
YMCA-YWCA of Greater Victoria
851 Broughton Street
Victoria, BC V8W 1E5
Attention: Privacy Officer
mailto:privacy@vancouverislandy.ca
Also, the following Web site provides useful information on privacy:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Become a Y Member
Join Now
Reserve a Class
X
Updated Province Wide Restrictions
The Y team continues to be committed to the health and safety of members, volunteers and staff. The Y will be implementing all required BC Health Orders. Thank you in advance for your assistance, patience and kindness with staff, volunteers and each other. We are in this together.
Click the location you attend to view updates:
Downtown Y
Westhills Y
×