https://vancouverislandy.com/about-the-y/accreditations-policies/
Accreditations & Policies
Home / About the Y / Accreditations & Policies
Code of Behaviour
The Y is a shared experience for everyone to enjoy. Each of us can make it better for all by being considerate of others. Y members, participants, staff and volunteers pledge to treat one another with respect and dignity. Membership is enhanced when all members share in promoting agreed standards of courtesy and behavior.
Intent of this policy:
to treat everyone fairly and with respect
to provide safe, clean and comfortable surroundings
to create policies and systems that serve members and visitors Behaviour such as the following will not be tolerated at any YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island site, program or function:
Any delinquent or disruptive behaviour;
Any action or language that is disrespectful, profane or offensive to another’s comfort or well-being;
Any abuse of the facility and/or the equipment;
Any physical assault, threats of assault or use of intimidation;
Any sexual, homophobic, ethnocultural and/or racial abuse, slurs and/or
harassment;
The possession or use of weapons or items intended to be used as weapons;
The use, possession or unauthorized sale of alcohol, or the use, possession or sale of illicit drugs;
Fraud, which includes misuse of membership cards and/or facilities.
Staff are sensitive to unique circumstances that may affect members’ behaviour. No photography or recording devices are permitted anywhere in Y programs or facilities. Failure to comply with the Code of Behaviour may result in being asked to leave the site or program, and possibly extended or permanent suspension of membership.
.Downtown Victoria Y - Child and Teen Participation Policy
Children under the age of 10 years must be constantly and directly supervised while in the facility, and signed in and out of programs, by a caregiver aged 16+ years.
Children aged 10-12 years are welcome to use designated areas of the facility unaccompanied and attend age-appropriate programming.
Teens aged 13+ years can utilize all areas of the Y and attend most programming.
Please refer to our online Drop-In Schedules and Registered Program Sheets and look for “Child and Teen Access” near the bottom of each page for age-specific details.
Children 10+ years are welcome at any Lane Swim for length swimming.
Children 10+ years are welcome at Open Gym.
Children 10+ years are welcome to book and use the Squash & Racquetball courts.
Children aged 10-12 years will take a facility orientation and safety tour and sign an access agreement.
Children aged 10-12 years will sign in at the Membership Services Desk on each visit before being buzzed through the turnstiles by staff. These children will sign out at the
Membership Services Desk when exiting the building.
Parents/caregivers who are not members must also sign in at the Membership Services Desk on each visit.
Teens 13+ are welcome to attend all Fitness Classes and most Rec Sports.
Teens 13+ are welcome at Teen and Adult Swim Lessons.
.Westhills
Y - Child and Teen Participation Policy
Children under the age of 10 years must be constantly and directly supervised while in the facility and signed in and out of programs by a caregiver aged 16+ years. Children under the age of 10 years old cannot be left unattended in the building – this includes watching fitness classes or sitting outside of Activity Rooms.
Children 10+ years are welcome to use designated areas of the facility unaccompanied (Pool and Activity Room 3) and attend age-appropriate programming. Children 10+ years are able to sign themselves in/out of Children’s Recreation Programs.
Teens 13-15 years must complete a Teen Strength Orientation before gaining access to the Fitness Centre, Functional Fitness Room and Studio weight equipment. Children under the age of 13 are not permitted in these spaces.
Teens 13+ years are welcome to attend all Fitness Classes.
Teens 13+ years are welcome at Teen and Adult Swim Lessons
Teens 16+ years can utilize all areas of the Y and attend most* adult programming.
*Adult Swim times are reserved for 18+ years.
Please note: there are additional supervision and pool specific guidelines in our Aquatic Centre. Please refer to the Pool and Aquatics page for specifics.
.Privacy Policy
The YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island respects the right of individuals to the protection of their personal information.
Principle 1 – Accountability
The YMCA-YWCA is responsible for personal information under its control and shall designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for YMCA-YWCA compliance with established privacy principles.
Staff and relevant volunteers shall follow the privacy protection practices established by the YMCA-YWCA when collecting, using, disclosing and safeguarding personal information.
Upon request by an individual, staff and volunteers shall make known contact information for the Privacy Officer, to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded about our YMCA-YWCA privacy protection procedure and practices.
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes
The YMCA-YWCA shall identify the purposes for collecting personal information before or at the time personal information is collected.
The YMCA-YWCA needs to collect, use and disclose some information about its participants, members, donors, parents/guardians, staff and volunteers, in order to conduct its operations, and deliver YMCA-YWCA programs and services to the communities it serves.
The YMCA-YWCA shall indicate either verbally, electronically or in writing, before or at the time personal information is collected, the purpose for which it is being collected.
Principle 3 – Consent
The knowledge and consent of an individual is required for the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, except where not required by law (see Exceptions).
In general, the following actions by an individual constitute impliedconsent for the YMCA-YWCA to collect, use and disclose personal information for purposes identified to the individual:
registration for YMCA-YWCA programs and services;
completion of a donation pledge form;
acceptance of employment and benefits enrollment by an employee;
acceptance of a volunteer position or student placement.
Individuals may at any time withdraw their consent to the YMCA-YWCA’s use or disclosure of their personal information, subject to certain service, legal or contractual restrictions. Individuals wishing to withdraw consent may contact the YMCA-YWCA for more information regarding the opt-out process and implications of withdrawing consent.
Exceptions
The YMCA-YWCA may collect, use or disclose information without an individual’s prior knowledge or consent in certain circumstances permitted by law. YMCA-YWCA may disclose personal information without prior knowledge or consent of the individual:
To a lawyer or other legal representative of the YMCA-YWCA;
To a government body or agency in certain circumstances;
To collect a debt, or comply with a subpoena, warrant or other court order, or as may be otherwise required by law;
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by law;
When the personal information is available from a public source (e.g., a telephone directory);
In an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health, or personal security;
To protect ourselves from fraud;
To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law;
In circumstances otherwise permitted by law.
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection
The YMCA-YWCA shall limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the YMCA-YWCA. Information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.
When collecting personal information, staff and volunteers will usually collect it directly from the individuals (or legal guardians) about whom the personal information pertains.
Personal information may be collected from other sources with prior consent from the individual, for example, from prior employers, personal references or from other third parties having the right to disclose the information.
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
The YMCA-YWCA shall not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
Principle 6 – Accuracy
Personal information shall be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Personal information used by the YMCA-YWCA shall be sufficiently accurate, complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inaccurate information is being used to make a decision about an individual.
Principle 7 – Safeguards
The YMCA-YWCA shall protect personal information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
All staff and volunteers with access to information shall be required as a condition of employment or volunteer role, to respect the confidentiality of personal information.
Principle 8 – Openness
The YMCA-YWCA shall make readily available to individuals, information about its procedures and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Information on the YMCA-YWCA’s commitment to privacy is available to the public on the YMCA-YWCA’s web site at www.vancouverislandy.com or by contacting the YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island.
Principle 9 – Individual Access
The YMCA-YWCA shall upon request inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall give the individual access to that information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Exceptions to access
The YMCA-YWCA may not be able to provide an individual with access to some or all of his or her personal information in certain circumstances permitted by law. Some exceptions include if:
doing so would likely reveal personal information about a third party;
disclosure could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another individual;
information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement, or a contravention of law, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Principle 10 – Challenging Compliance
An individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated persons accountable for YMCA-YWCA compliance. Individuals with a complaint or concern about YMCA-YWCA information handling practices should contact the supervisor of the YMCA-YWCA service area. In most cases, talking with senior staff will resolve a complaint. Individuals may contact the Branch Manager to discuss their question.
Available Resources
For more information on our YMCA-YWCA commitment to privacy, please contact the YMCA-YWCA’s Privacy Officer in writing at:
YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island
202-1314 Lakepoint Way
Victoria, BC V9B 0S2
Attention: Privacy Officer
privacy@vancouverislandy.ca
Also, the following Web site provides useful information on privacy:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
.Complaints Policy
1.Objective
The YMCA-YWCA of Vancouver Island is committed to providing high quality programs and services.  We recognize that from time to time there may be concerns or complaints, that our participants have the right to raise such complaints or concerns, and that they need an avenue to do so.  This process document is intended to ensure that complaints received from participants about YMCA-YWCA services and programs are dealt with promptly, consistently, and fairly.
2. Guiding Principles
It is in the interest of all parties that complaints are dealt with promptly and resolved as quickly as possible.
Review of complaints is fair, impartial and respectful to all parties.
Complainants are advised of their options to escalate their complaint to a more senior staff person if they are dissatisfied with treatment or outcome.
Complainants are provided clear and understandable reasons for decisions relating to complaints. Updates are provided to complainants during review processes.
Complaints are used to assist in improving services, policies and procedures.
3.Definition
Complaints are defined as an expression of dissatisfaction with regard to a service/program, an action or a decision taken by the YMCA-YWCA, or the way in which YMCA-YWCA employees or volunteers carry out their duties. Complaints typically arise when a person believes:
The YMCA-YWCA has failed to do something agreed upon or expected
A YMCA-YWCA policy or procedure has not been followed
A YMCA-YWCA policy or procedure is unfair or inadequate
An error has been made
YMCA-YWCA employees or volunteers acted in a wrongful way
A complaint is distinct from an inquiry, feedback, or a suggestion.
4.Procedures
4.1  Informal Complaint
You are encouraged to speak with the staff about a question or concern, ideally to the staff who is most connected to the concern/situation. You may do this in person, by phone, or by email.
If your complaint is not resolved or if you are uncomfortable discussing the issue with the relevant person, you can inform their Supervisor or the Manager for the program or service. This informal process can be used to resolve many concerns or matters of simple error that can be corrected to your satisfaction.
If the matter is not resolved at this stage, you have the opportunity to make a formal complaint.
Every effort will be made to resolve complaints in a timely fashion. When receiving a verbal complaint, staff will listen and seek to understand the complaint, and may attempt to resolve it immediately.
If follow-up is required, basic contact information including name, phone number, and email address will be immediately be recorded.
4.2  Formal Complaint
If you have been unable to resolve your concern through the informal process described above, a formal complaint may be made in writing (by mail or email) to:
Mailing Address:
Complaints, Attn: Privacy Officer
202-1314 Lakepoint Way, Victoria, BC V9B 0S2
Email Address: privacy@vancouverislandy.ca
Please provide your contact information, as the YMCA-YWCA will not respond to anonymous complaints.
4.2.1  Formal Complaint Process
Once you have registered a complaint, the YMCA-YWCA is committed to handling the complaint promptly, consistently, and fairly. You will be treated with respect and kept informed of the status of the complaint. The YMCA-YWCA will respond within 3 business days to confirm the complaint has been received.
The YMCA-YWCA aims to resolve all complaints within 15 business days of receipt. If this timeline cannot be met, you will be informed of the reasons and given a revised timeframe. Upon completion of the investigation, you will be provided with clear reasons for the decisions relating to the complaint which will complete the Formal Complaint Process.
5.Appeals
If you are not satisfied with the findings or the corrective action, you may submit a written appeal to the CEO or Designate within 10 business days of the receipt of the communication. The decision made at this level is considered final.
6.Confidentiality/No Retaliation
Any YMCA-YWCA staff that receives a complaint or concern shall maintain confidentiality by not discussing allegations with other individuals except on a need to know basis.  The YMCA-YWCA will make every effort to ensure confidentiality for the person reporting a complaint or concern. In some programs that receive funding from partner agencies, complaints may need to be shared with those agencies. No person who in good faith and under this process submits a concern/complaint shall suffer harassment or retaliation.
7.Records
Formal complaints and resolutions will be documented and reviewed by the Director of Operations and Manager for the program or service. Information recorded includes a description of the complaint, who handled it, timeframe and a description of the resolution.
.
Become a Y Member
Join Now
Reserve a Class
X
Updated Province Wide Restrictions
The Y team continues to be committed to the health and safety of members, volunteers and staff. The Y will be implementing all required BC Health Orders. Thank you in advance for your assistance, patience and kindness with staff, volunteers and each other. We are in this together.
Click the location you attend to view updates:
Downtown Y
Westhills Y
×