http://vantagepartners.com/privacy-policy
Vantage Partners Website Privacy Notice
Effective Date: August 3, 2018
This Privacy Notice applies to Vantage’s processing of Personal Data in connection with your use of our website (www.vantagepartners.com) and any other website that we own and operate and that links to this Privacy Notice (the “Site”). “Vantage,” “we” or “us” refers to Vantage Partners, LLC. Vantage is the data controller for the Personal Data collected under this Privacy Notice.
PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS:
“Personal Data” refers to any information that relates to you directly or indirectly. We process the following categories of Personal Data:
Contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, social media handles, and business contact information;
Technical information, such as IP address, device ID, and other data collected about your interaction with our Site;
Any other information that you provide to us through the Site that can be used to identify you.
We collect Personal Data from:
Direct interactions, such as when you inquire about or provide us information in connection with the Site, register for our events, participate in surveys or questionnaires, subscribe to newsletter and blog updates, post comments on our blogs, or in any other way you engage with us through the Site;
Cookies and automated technologies, such as when you interact with the Site; and
Through social media, such as if you link to social media platforms or use social media plug-ins (depending on your user privacy settings on that social media platform).
In addition to Personal Data, we may collect other information about how you use Site that alone cannot be generally used to identify you. For example, we may collect your browser, device type, and operating system information. If any of this information can be used to identify you because, for example, we link it to your Personal Data, we will treat such information as Personal Data.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
Below is a description of the Personal Data we collect throught the Site, the likely source of the Personal Data, how we may use it, and for what purposes and pursuant to what legal basis.
Use of your Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data we Process
Source of the Personal Data
Legal Basis
Obtain your subscription preferences and send eNewsletters and similar marketing communications
Contact information and other information you provide, such as your topic preferences and areas of interests
You
Legitimate Interest: To provide you with information you need and other services you request and to efficiently communicate with you
Consent: We will send you marketing communications by email pursuant to your consent
Respond to inquiries and fulfill requests
Contact information and other information you provide, such as your requests
You
Legitimate Interest: To provide you with information you need and other services you request and to efficiently communicate you
Conduct surveys and questionnaires
Contact information and other information you provide, such as your survey answers
You
Legitimate interest: To evaluate and take action with regard to your feedback and comments
Register for online and in person events and deliver event-related materials
Contact information other information you provide, such as your preferences for the event
You
Legitimate interest: To enable your attendance at our events and to deliver you event materials
Contract: As may be described on the registration page for the event
Obtain current contact data and update contact records in our CRM
Contact information and other information you provide, such as your relationships to people at Vantage
You and public sources, such as LinkedIn
Legitimate interests: To ensure the integrity of our client and other contact data
Perform Site analytics
Technical information and other information we collect demographics, interests, behavior tracking, event tracking
First and third party analytics cookies
Legitimate interest: To understand more about our Site visitors (what pages you view, how long you visit, your devices, etc.) in order to improve our services
Any other purposes for which we wish to use your Personal Data that are not listed above, or any other changes we propose to make to the existing purposes will be notified to you by amending this Privacy Notice in accordance with the Section titled “Changes to this Privacy Notice” below.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
We will share your Personal Data within Vantage, at your direction, as disclosed to you at the time of collection, or in the following circumstances:
Service Providers: We may provide your Personal Data to services providers that help us run and manage our organization. These services providers process Personal Data solely on our behalf. Our categories of service providers include: technology, analytics, and marketing and providers.
Corporate Transaction: In the event Vantage is involved in a merger, reorganization, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or other corporate transaction, we may disclose your Personal Data as part of that transaction.
As Required By Law: We may disclose your Personal Data if we determine that the disclosure is necessary: (i) to comply with any law applicable to us, or a lawful request from law enforcement or a regulatory agency (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), or to comply with other legal processes; (ii) to protect the legitimate rights, privacy, property, interests or safety of Vantage, our business partners, personnel, or the general public; (iv) to pursue available remedies or limit damages; or (v) to respond to an emergency.
COOKIES AND OTHER DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES:
We use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technology (“Data Collection Technology”) to help us improve your experience on the Site. A “Cookie” is a small text file that is sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can be placed on your computer directly by our Site or by another website. A “Web Beacon” (also called a “pixel tag” or “clear GIF”) is a piece of computer code that enables us to monitor user activity and website traffic. To learn more about Data Collection Technology, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use Cookies, such as Google Analytics, to help us track and report on the manner in which our users use our Site. This information, when viewed in the aggregate, helps us improve our content and functionality by helping us understand which pages are the most visited or where people visiting our Site are located.
Your Control of Cookies: Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject Cookies or alert you when a Cookies is placed on your device. You may also be able to reject mobile device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device. Although you are not required to accept Cookies or mobile device identifiers, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all features available through the Site.
Our Policy on Do Not Track Signals: Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked. DNT signals are not yet uniform and therefore many websites, including our Sites, do not honor DNT signals.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES:
When interacting with us, you may come across links or references to third party websites and services that we do not operate or control. If you provide your Personal Data to that third party through its websites or services, you will be subject to that third party’s privacy practices and policies. This Privacy Notice does not apply to Personal Data that you provide to a third party website or service. A link or reference to a third party website or service does not mean that we endorse that third party or the quality or accuracy of the information on its website or service.
SECURITY:
We implement technical and organizational measures designed to ensure your Personal Data in protected from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration or destruction, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. For example, we limit our collection and use of your Personal Data to the extent necessary to provide you with our services.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA:
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and all applicable legal requirements.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY:
Our services are not directed to or intended for use by minors. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child under age 16 without his or her parent or legal guardian’s verified consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he or she cannot use our services. Subsequently, we will delete such information.
MARKETING:
If you do not wish to receive marketing-related emails from us, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of a marketing email, or email us using the information in the section “Contact Us” at the end of this Privacy Notice. Please note that even if we stop all marketing communications, you may still receive administrative, legal, and other important communications from us.
YOUR RIGHTS:
You may access and modify the Personal Data we maintain about you by contacting us using the contact information below. We will respond to your inquiry within a reasonable timeframe.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights (including those listed in “Note to International Users” if you are in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or advise us of any changes to your Personal Data, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section at the end of this Privacy Notice. We may charge you a reasonable fee if you request additional copies of your Personal Data or make other requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive. If we are unable to honor your request, or before we charge a fee, we will let you know why.
Please note that if you decide to exercise some of your rights, we may be unable to provide you certain services, or you may not be able to use or take full advantage of the services we offer.
NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS
Vantage is committed to complying with this Privacy Statement and the data protection laws, including those outside of the United States, that apply to our collection and use of your Personal Data. Vantage is located in the United States, and we recognize that the laws in the United States may be different and, in some cases, not as protective as the laws other countries, including the EEA. By providing us with your Personal Data, you acknowledge that your Personal Data will be transferred and processed in the United States. If you would like to know more about how we protect your Personal Data, you can contact us using the information in the section “Contact Us” at the end of this Privacy Statement.
If you are located in the EEA and we maintain your Personal Data, you have the following additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation with regard to your Personal Data:
Right to access and receive: You may request a copy of or access to the Personal Data we hold about you. You may also request that we transfer your Personal Data to a third party in a machine-readable format.
Right to correct: You may ask us to update or correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data we hold about you.
Right to limit or restrict: You may have the right to request that we stop using all or some of your Personal Data or to limit our use of it.
Right to erase: You may have the right to request that we delete all or some of your Personal Data.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw any consent you have previously given to Vantage at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our collecting, using, and sharing of your Personal Data prior to the withdrawal of your consent. Even if you withdraw your consent, we have the right to use your Personal Data if it has been fully anonymized and cannot be used to identify you.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE:
The Effective Date of this Privacy Notice is set forth at the top of this webpage. If we materially change the way we collect, use or disclose your Personal Data we will notify you in advance by email and/or by placing a prominent notice on this Site. The amended Privacy Notice supersedes all previous versions.
Contact us:
We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Notice or how we process and protect your Personal Data.
Vantage Partners
10 Guest Street
Brighton, MA 02135
info@vantagepartners.com
617-904-7800
You always have the right to lodge a complaint with your local competent supervisory authority or any authority that applies to Vantage.