https://vdcww.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We WILL NEVER sell your information to a third party.
Full Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Via de Cristo of Western Washington ministry website (collectively, https://vdcww.com (the “Website” located at www.vdcww.com).”). Via de Cristo of Western Washington (VDCWW) is associated with the National Lutheran Secretariat, and we VDCWW are the provider of the Website (referred to as “us” or “we”), is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the “User” or the “End User”) and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE (https://vdcww.com). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. When you engage in certain activities on the Website, such as (including, but not limited to, your email address., name, address, phone number).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and your browsing history on the VDCWW Website. Our authorized Third Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags.
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site for our email, fill out a form to work a weekend or enter information on our site.
We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties. We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide services through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to send email, remove repetitive information on our VDCWW community list, analyze data, provide communication assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, troubleshoot, and provide customer service to us. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you pay your team fee online, we use PayPal off this site to process the payment. We do not collect credit card data on our site. We look to Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and information in which you are most interested.
• To send periodic emails regarding the ministry.
• To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone call)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do use third-party products or services on our website to collect information securely. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
We have implemented Google use first-party cookies with  Google Analytics cookies to service functions as they relate to our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
Can change your personal information:
• By logging in to your account or email to support@vdcww.com
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Via de Cristo of Western Washington
134 South 206th Street
Des Moines, WA 98198, USA
secretariat@gmail.com
Last Edited on 2018-05-25