https://victoriaville.co/en/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Legal Statement
Conditions of Use
Upon acceptance of the conditions listed below, the right to use and belong to this site is granted. Read this section carefully before using the site. For the purposes of this section, the pronoun "he" is considered to be non-gender-specific and is used in order to make the text more readable.
Liability
The information contained on this site was obtained from sources considered to be reliable and accurate at the time of publication. However, all information is provided with no guarantee. Victoriaville & Co. and its partners hold no liability and provide no guarantee that the information is accurate, complete, or current, and they reserve the right to modify the information at any time without notice.
Site and Software Copyrights
Victoriaville & Co. is the owner of all documents presented on this site and retains all copyrights. No part of this site may be reproduced, in whole or in part, by any means without prior permission from Victoriaville & Co.
All software available for download from this site is protected by copyright held either by Victoriaville & Co. or its suppliers. Use of software is governed by the terms of the user license that accompanies or is incorporated in the software. The user must accept these terms in order to install the software.
Software is available for download only to users who agree to the terms of the user license. Any reproduction or distribution of the software that does not conform to the terms of the agreement is expressly prohibited by law. Any party that does not respect these conditions may be found guilty of software piracy and would be subject to the penalties provided for by law. Copying the software to another server or other location for reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited. The software is guaranteed under the terms of the user license.
Confidential Information
Victoriaville & Co. keeps confidential any information furnished by the users of this site and does not share or sell personal information with any third party for commercial purposes. The information gathered by this site will be used in the following ways:
We can retrace the path of your visit to the site and identify the pages that interest you.
We can send you the latest news and special promotions.
We can compile statistics about site visitors.
This site does not use cookies. A cookie is a Web application that reports on the navigation habits of the user within a site and gathers information from the user's hard disk. If Victoriaville & Co. ever decides to use cookies, visitors to the site will be offered the option to disable them.
Victoriaville & Co. assumes no liability in regards to the use of confidential information that might be gathered by third-party sites that may be accessed via links from the Victoriaville & Co. site. We strongly recommend reading the privacy statement of any such site you may visit.
Site Security
Victoriaville & Co. takes all reasonable precautions in order to protect confidential information received from you and to ensure confidentiality during Internet transactions. However, email is not a secure medium and confidentiality can not be guaranteed.
The servers that host Victoriaville's site use TLS 1.2 transmission technology, which makes the transmission of information very secure. In addition, the host servers are protected by firewall technology.
However, no security measure is perfect, and you should consider yourself advised that a small level of risk exists, that the information you transmit to Victoriaville could be divulged through no fault of Victoriaville and without your consent.
Victoriaville & Co. assumes no liability in terms of damages that may result from the transmission via Internet of personal or confidential information from you to a Victoriaville & Co. employee or, in response to a request, from Victoriaville & Co. to you.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Links to third-party sites are provided for your information only and do not constitute endorsement of said sites on the part of Victoriaville & Co. Victoriaville & Co. is not responsible for the contents of linked sites, the links contained within said sites, or any change or update of the sites in question.
Victoriaville & Co. cannot be held liable for any direct, indirect, particular, or other damage resulting from the use of a link on this site, in particular in regards to loss of funds, interruption of service, or damage to software or data, even in the case that Victoriaville is made aware of the possibility of such damage. It is your responsibility to take the necessary precautions to ensure that the sites you visit do not transmit viruses or other types of potentially destructive applications to your computer system. Victoriaville & Co. provides these links as convenience only. Any site other than Victoriaville & Co.'s own site is independent from Victoriaville & Co. and Victoriaville & Co. has no control over the contents of said sites.
Jurisdiction
Victoriaville & Co. manages its site in Victoriaville, Quebec, Canada. The terms of use of this site and any legal action or proceedings in regards to this site will be governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec and/or Canada, whichever applies. If you bring action against Victoriaville & Co., be advised that Victoriaville & Co. is free to choose the jurisdiction in which the suit will be heard, no matter where you reside or the location from which you access this site. By using this site, you acknowledge that the laws of the Province of Quebec or of Canada apply and will govern any legal proceedings.
Modification
Victoriaville & Co. reserves the right to modify or amend this section at any time and for any reason. It is your responsibility to stay up to date on any such modifications and how they may affect you. Nothing in this section may be taken to establish an agreement or contract between Victoriaville & Co. and anyone who uses this site or provides any particular information.
Notice to Consumers
In order to guarantee your complete satisfaction when purchasing a casket, Victoriaville & Co. sells and distributes its products exclusively through a network of carefully selected licensed funeral homes. These funeral homes were chosen for their ability to provide the casket best adapted to your particular needs; their staff has been trained to provide consumers with all necessary information about the exclusive features of our products. Licensed funeral homes are operated by funeral directors who have been serving their communities faithfully for many years, and who have amply demonstrated their complete familiarity with products.
Online retailers that are not operated by funeral homes, but that nevertheless offer Victoriaville & Co. products for purchase, are not authorized to do so and do not have permission to use our registered trademarks, our copyright, our photos of our products on their sites. Because these retailers are not authorized distributors of Victoriaville & Co. products, there is no guarantee on delivery, production time, or the quality of the casket that you might purchase, nor even that the casket purchased is actually a Victoriaville & Co. product. In addition, the limited guarantee provided by Victoriaville & Co. is null and void if the casket is sold by anyone other than an authorized distributor. Only licensed funeral homes can guarantee the authenticity of a casket and its conformity to the strict quality standards of Victoriaville.
Questions and Comments
For any questions or comments on this section, please contact us by email at the following address: info@victoriaville.co