https://vistacriminallaw.com/privacy-policy/
During the Covid-19 emergency, I am still open and offer telephone, video and in-person consultations, following appropriate CDC guidelines. Click here for more information.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR VISTACRIMINALLAW.COM
Thank you for visiting the website of attorney Peter M. Liss at www.VistaCriminalLaw.com. This privacy policy explains attorney Liss’ practices regarding how information about visitors to this website is collected and used. By using this site, you consent to the following terms:
Information Collected by this Website
You may visit this site and learn about attorney Peter M. Liss anonymously. Although attorney Liss uses a website visitor statistics program that compiles information about visitors to this site (such as browser type, pages accessed, duration of visit, and other usage statistics) that program does not identify you. The program also collects your IP address, but this information generally does not reveal your identity. This website does not use “cookies” – small files that are sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive to record how and when you use a site.
Attorney Liss collects personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to him by requesting further information from him.
How the Information is Used
If you choose to provide attorney Liss with personally identifiable information, he will use such information to respond to your inquiry. If, in the future, attorney Liss ‘s business changes form — for example, by merger or partnership — he may transfer your personally identifiable information to his reorganized business entity. He will also disclose your personally identifiable information if he reasonably believes he is required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority.
Links
This website may contain links to third parties’ websites. If you choose to visit a third party’s site, please be aware that the third party’s privacy policy, and not that of attorney Liss, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while visiting the third party’s site.
Security
Because any personally identifiable information you submit to attorney Peter M. Liss online is purely voluntary and should not be of a particularly sensitive nature, he employs standard security measures and does not use special encryption methods at this time. For more information about communicating with attorney Liss , please refer to his Terms of Use.
Policy Changes
Attorney Liss reserves the right to change this privacy policy, and will post any revisions on this website. Your continued use of this website will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
Questions and Updates
If you have any questions or suggestions about these privacy practices, or you wish to update or correct any personally identifiable information that you have chosen to provide to attorney Liss, please feel free to contact him at peterliss@vistacriminallaw.com
How to Contact Attorney Peter Liss
For skilled IMMEDIATE help with a
Vista or San Diego criminal or DUI defense,
call Vista DUI and Criminal Lawyer
Peter M. Liss:
(760) 643-4050
or
(858) 486-3024
Call 24/7 – any time, any day.   I can help you.
Contact Us 24/7
San Diego Office
Services:
DUI / Felony DUI
Vista DUI Attorney
DMV Hearings
Common DUI FAQ
DUI Evidence
Driving Offenses
Traffic Offense Help
Reckless Driving
No-License Driving
Hit and Run Accident
Domestic Violence
Fighting DV Charges
Domestic Violence FAQ
DV & Family Concerns
White Collar Crimes
White Collar Crime
Fraud Charges
Theft Defense
Drug Offenses
Violent Crimes
Violent Crime Overview
Weapons Charges
The Three Strikes Law
Sex Offenses
Sex Crime Defense
Sex Crime FAQ
Child Pornography
Child Molestation
Sexual Assault
Juvenile Crime
Resources
The Criminal Process
Criminal Defense FAQ
Hiring a Criminal Lawyer
Felony Law Directory
Vista Criminal Law Blog
Home Page
Serving Vista, San Diego & all of Southern California
Peter Michael LissClients’ ChoiceAward 2019
10.0Peter Michael Liss
Privacy Policy · Terms of Use
Copyright 2003, 2017 Peter M. Liss, Esq. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Peter M. Liss, Vista Dui Lawyer
and Criminal Attorney
(760) 643-4050
380 South Melrose Drive #301
Vista, CA 92081
Admin Login
Web Design: LawMarkets.com
WordPress Coding: Bill Erickson