http://vlas.org/loose-pages/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Virginia Legal Aid Society
LawLine: 1-866-534-5243
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Apply For Help
About VLAS
Contact Us
Donate
Legal Information
Consumer/Debtor’s Right
Criminal/Traffic
Education Law
Elder Law
Employment Law
Family Law/Domestic Violence
Health and Healthcare
Housing Landlord Tenant
Public Benefits
Get Legal Help
Ways to Apply
What to Expect
Client Feedback
Helpful Resources
Special Programs
Advocating for Special Kids (ASK)
Strengthening Families with Children (SFC)
Medicaid Access Project (MAP)
Crisis and Income Protection (CIP)
Housing Improvement and Preservation (HIP)
Enroll VA
Get Involved
Your COVID-19 Resource Center
Support VLAS
2019 Pro Bono Summit
Become a Pro Bono Attorney
Employment Opportunities
Media
40 in 40 – A Celebration of Our History
Publications
Press Releases
Client Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Videos
Select Page
Privacy Policy
VIRGINIA LEGAL AID SOCIETY, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last update: February 5, 2016
Virginia Legal Aid Society (“VLAS”) is committed to maintaining your trust. We have created the following privacy policy to explain how we collect and protect personal information you may provide while visiting our website. By visiting or using VLAS’ website, you signify that you agree to the terms and conditions set by this policy. If you disagree with this policy, please do not use Virginia Legal Aid Society’s website.
This policy describes VLAS’ current practices and we may modify this policy from time to time in order to better fit our organization. Please check back for new policies, including the terms and conditions page for updated information. Do not rely on legal information in this site without consulting an attorney or the appropriate agency about your rights in your particular situation. No attorney/client relationship is formed from use of this site.
Information We Collect Automatically
We collect some information automatically from visitors to VLAS’ site. This information may include: sites from which you came; the website that referred you to us; the pages you request and the date and time you access those requests; your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address and information about its operating system, browser and host. VLAS uses such information on an aggregate basis to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors. For example, we use this information to track which pages are most popular among visitors. We do not track the pages you or any individual visitor may look at during a visit to our site and we do not collect any other information without your knowledge and permission. We do not collect or store personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, email address or phone number unless you provide that information.
Information We Collect That You Provide
It is always your choice, or the choice of anyone acting for you, whether to provide personal information on our website. VLAS or a third party vendor engaged by VLAS collects personal information only when you voluntarily and affirmatively provide it on VLAS’ website. Some must be provided to participate in certain programs or activities featured on VLAS’ site, however, the decision to not provide information might limit or eliminate certain functions of VLAS’ site.  Do not provide personal information about others without their express permission. The personal information we tend to request includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, native language, organization name, job title, city, state/province, region, age, locations for internet use, and devices used.  VLAS makes every reasonable effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of your sensitive information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.
How Your Information May Be Shared
VLAS may work with third parties who provide services that may include, but are not limited to, website hosting, internet services, data analysis, processing financial transactions, and other services of an administrative or technical nature. VLAS reserves the right to share personal information with such third parties for the purpose of providing such services. From time to time, VLAS may make contact information (names and postal addresses) available to other reputable organizations whose products, programs, or activities may be of interest to you. VLAS carefully screens all organizations before allowing the use of our list. The list is never sold. If you would like us to restrict the use of your contact information, please either call us or write us a letter at:
513 Church Street
Lynchburg, VA 24504
Phone: (434) 528-4722 Ext. 901
VLAS will also release personal information under the following circumstances: (1) Where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or is requested by a government agency conducting investigations or proceedings; (2) To appropriate persons, where your communication suggests possible harm to others; (3) To enforce the website’s terms of use; or (4) To respond to an emergency.  (5) When necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (6) when you request VLAS to do so. VLAS also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or entities for investigation or prosecution.
Cookies
VLAS uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier website navigation and access to forms. A ‘cookie’ is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. VLAS’ cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine, and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you. If you do not want information to be collected about you through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure built into most web browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of cookies to your computer. For more information on how to change or alter your browser settings to block or filter cookies, see www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
Please note that if you disable cookies on your browser, certain features on our site may not work and user experience will be limited.
Third Party Websites/Links
This website contains links to other third party websites. These third party websites might also collect information about you through the use of cookies, web trafficking, and other technologies.  VLAS does not control or monitor these websites and is not responsible for their practices or the content of their website and services.  This privacy policy applies to our website only.  We encourage you to read and review the privacy policies of third party sites.
Security
Physical, electronic, and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. Personal information is accessible only by staff and third party vendors designated to handle complaints or requests. All VLAS agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on VLAS’ website are also bound to adhere to this Policy as part of their contract with VLAS.
Corrections/Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes or you have questions about the personal information VLAS retains about you, please contact directors@vlas.org.  You are responsible for ensuring that all personal information you provided is current. We keep personal information for as long as we think is necessary or advisable that’s not prohibited by the law. We advise that you maintain your records and not rely upon our storage of your data.
Opt Out
People who subscribe to our email list through the website will receive periodic updates from VLAS by email. You may opt-out of receiving future information by clicking the unsubscribe button specified on the email message. You can also opt-out by sending an email message with your name and the name of the list you wish to unsubscribe from to development@vlas.org.
Children
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important to us. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), VLAS does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information of any kind from children under 13.  Our site is not designed for or intended to attract any person under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 has provided personal information, a parent or guardian may inform us via email and we will delete the information.
Amendment
Virginia Legal Aid Society reserves the right to amend this policy as needed. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Questions
If you have a question or concerns about this Policy, you may contact VLAS at directors@vlas.org.
You can also write to us or call at:
513 Church Street
Lynchburg, VA 24504
Phone: (434) 528-4722 Ext. 901
Call VLASLawLine (Toll-Free):
1-866-534-5243
If you are unable to reach LawLine,
call: 434-455-3080
VLAS OfficesAdministrative
Lynchburg
Danville
Suffolk
Farmville
Martinsville
Outreach LocationsOutreach Locations
Privacy Policy
Employment Opportunities
FAQ
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress