https://vpp.sso.applyforthis.com/privacy_policy_versions/latest?ga_client_id=33c840af-09f0-489c-a746-3801e33c1a51
PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy explains the manner in which JGP
Resourcing Ltd. (JGP) will handle your personal data. JGP may
handle your personal data for the purpose of assisting you
find a job, continuing our relationship with you once you
have found a job, providing services, receiving services, or
if you choose to visit our platforms.
This Policy also explains how we may collect, use and
process your personal data while preserving your rights and
complying with our legal obligations.
This Policy applies to our Candidates, Clients, Suppliers
and all other people with whom we may make contact.
For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation
(the GDPR), JGP is Controller of your Personal Data. Contact
details for JGP can be found in Annex 1 of this Policy. If
you are applying to a specific organisation, that
organisation will be the data controller and responsible for
providing you with a Privacy Policy.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any
changes will be posted here.
2. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
CANDIDATE DATA
In order to provide the service expected by our customers
and candidates, JGP may, subject to law, collect information
including but not limited to:
Name;
Age/date of birth;
National Insurance number;
Sex/gender;
Contact details;
Education details;
Employment history;
Referee details and referrals;
Immigration status;
Nationality/citizenship/place of birth;
Diversity information including but not limited to
ethnic origin, religious belief, physical health and
mental health as well as other disability related
information;
Details of any applicable criminal history;
Details about your current remuneration, pension and
benefits arrangements;
Information as to your interests regarding future
employments;
Information that you choose to tell us;
Information that referees choose to tell us about
you;
Information that Clients may tell us about you, or
that we find out from other third party sources;
The date, time and frequency with which you access our
services.
In order to regulate our business and ensure that we are
constantly improving, we may collect a limited range of
aggregated personal data from users. This includes but is not
limited to:
Information as to how the platform is used;
The frequency with which the platform is accessed;
The browser types used to access the platform;
The locations from which the platform is being
viewed;
Any contact made through the platform, for example by
using a chat function, as well as any information you give us
in the process of doing so.
CLIENT DATA
We collect a limited amount of personal data from our
Clients, generally contact information both for the company
and for individuals who work there. This is to make sure we
are able to provide our services and contact the right people
when we need to.
SUPPLIER DATA
We collect a limited amount of personal data from our
Suppliers, generally contact information both for the company
and for individuals who work there. This is to make sure we
are able to contact the right people when we need to.
We may also hold some personal data that you have chosen
to give us.
3. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
CANDIDATE DATA
Candidate data is collected in three primary ways:
Personal data that you give to us;
Personal data that we receive from other sources;
Personal data that we collect automatically.
Personal Data that you give to us
In order to provide our services, it is necessary for JGP
to collect certain personal data.
There are several ways in which you can share information
with us, dependant on circumstance. These include but are not
limited to:
Entering your information into our platform, or onto
any platforms that we own or run for our Clients;
Submitting a hard copy of your information to us or to
any of our Clients;
Emailing your information to us or to any of our
Clients;
Entering your information into any of our
microsites;
Submitting your information to us via social media or
networking platforms.
Personal Data we receive from other sources
We may receive Personal Data regarding Candidates from
other sources. These may include but are not limited to:
Your referees;
Our Clients;
Information obtained by searching for information or
potential Candidates from third party sources including
but not limited to social media and networking platforms,
CV libraries and job sites.
Personal Data that we collect automatically
To the extent that you access, read, click on or email us
through our platforms, we may collect automatically generated
personal data insofar as is appropriate and in accordance
with the law.
CLIENT DATA
Client data is collected in three primary ways:
Personal data that you give to us;
Personal data that we receive from other sources;
Personal data that we collect automatically.
Personal data that you give to us
We may hold two primary types of personal data from
you:
Information that you proactively give to us, usually
by phone or email; and/or
Information that we receive when we contact you, by
phone or email.
Personal data we receive from other sources
We may receive personal data regarding Clients from other
sources. These may include but are not limited to:
Market research exercises, which we may do ourselves
or employ another organisation to do for us;
Research conducted at or about events;
Information obtained from third party sources, for
example if our candidates provide us with your details
when you act as a referee for them.
Personal data that we collect automatically.
To the extent that you access, read, click on or email us
through our platforms, we may collect automatically generated
personal data insofar as is appropriate and in accordance
with the law.
SUPPLIER DATA
Supplier data is collected in three primary ways:
Personal data that you give to us;
Personal data that we receive from other sources;
Personal data that we collect automatically.
Personal data that you give to us
We may hold two primary types of personal data from
you:
Information that you proactively give to us, usually
by phone or email; and/or
Information that we receive when we contact you, by
phone or email.
Personal data we receive from other sources
We may receive personal data regarding Suppliers from
other sources. These may include but are not limited to:
Market research exercises, which we may do ourselves
or employ another organisation to do for us;
Research conducted at or about events;
Information obtained from third party sources, for
example if our candidates provide us with your details
when you act as a referee for them.
Personal data that we collect automatically
To the extent that you access, read, click on or email us
through our platforms, we may collect automatically generated
data insofar as is appropriate and in accordance with the
law.
4. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
CANDIDATE DATA
We use Candidate data in five primary ways:
Recruitment Activities;
Marketing Activities;
Equal Opportunities Monitoring;
For the purposes of execution of our general business
operations;
To assist in the establishment of, exercise or defence
of legal claims.
Recruitment Activities
In order to connect the right Candidates with the right
jobs, JGP may:
Collect personal data from third party sources, such
as LinkedIn or other social media or networking
sites;
Store your details and information about your application
history on our database with the purpose of contacting you
in relation to recruitment;
Send your information to our Clients in order to apply
for jobs or assess your eligibility for jobs;
Carry out customer satisfaction surveys;
Utilise personal data in the process of carrying out
our obligations arising from any contracts entered into
between JGP and third parties in relation to the
recruitment process;
Verify that the details you have provided are correct
using third party resources, including the request of
information such as references;
Utilise personal data in order to comply with legal
obligations;
Utilise personal data in order to send you targeted
marketing materials or other communications which are
likely to be of interest to you.
Marketing Activities
We may send you information that we think you may find
interesting, to ask for your help or to notify you about
changes made to our terms and conditions of service. We may
use your personal data for the purposes listed below, where
appropriate and in accordance with the law. Please note that
this list is not exhaustive. To:
Enable us to develop and market our products and
services;
Market a full range of recruitment services to
you;
Send you details of reports, promotions, offers,
networking and events, and general information about the
industry sectors that we think may be of interest to
you.
If we need your consent for any aspect of these activities
not covered in our legitimate interests we will ask you for
an opt-in. If you wish to opt-out at any time and will be
given the opportunity to do so in the marketing material you
may receive.
Equal Opportunities Monitoring and other Special Personal
Data
While we are committed to ensuring that our recruitment
processes are carried out in a meritocratic manner, we may
(in certain specific circumstances and in accordance with the
law) collect some data in regard to your ethnic background,
gender, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion and
socio-economic background.
We may, in an anonymised form, present this data to our
Clients where contractually obligated so to do.
We may collect other personal information about you, such
as health related information or details of criminal
convictions if that is appropriate under the circumstance, in
accordance with the law and required for the role that you
have applied for.
We may also use your personal data for the purposes of
execution of our general business operations.
In unusual circumstances it may become necessary for JGP
or our clients to use personal data in to assist in the
establishment of, exercise or defence of legal claims.
CLIENT DATA
We use Client data in four primary ways:
Recruitment Activities;
Marketing Activities;
For the purposes of execution of our general business
operations;
To assist in the establishment of, exercise or defence
of legal claims.
Recruitment Activities
We will do everything possible to ensure that we provide
you with the best possible quality candidates, any may use
some of your personal data in order to accomplish this. This
includes:
Storing your contact details on our database;
Updating your details on our database when
necessary;
Keeping records of meetings or conversations that we
have with you;
Undertaking research into customer satisfaction;
Processing your data for the purpose of carrying out
targeted marketing campaigns.
We may also use your personal data for the purposes of
execution of our general business operations.
Marketing Activities
We may send you information that we think you may find
interesting, to ask for your help or to notify you to changes
made to our terms and conditions of service. We may use your
personal data for the purposes listed below, where
appropriate and in accordance with the law. This
includes;
Enable us to develop and market our products and
services;
Market a full range of products to you;
Send you details of reports, promotions, offers,
networking and events, and general information about the
industry sectors that we think may be of interest to
you;
We may also use your personal data for the purposes of
execution of our general business operations.
SUPPLIER DATA
We use Supplier personal data in three primary ways:
To obtain support or services from you;
To help us target more appropriate marketing
activities;
We may also use your personal data for the purposes of
execution of our general business operations.
In unusual circumstances it may become necessary for JGP
to use personal data in order to assist in the establishment
of, exercise or defence of legal claims.
We may use your personal data for these purposes if we
consider it necessary and within our legitimate
interests.
We will not as a matter of course seek explicit consent
before sending marketing material to a corporate postal or
email address.
5. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Where appropriate and in accordance with the law we may
share your personal data with the following categories of
people:
Anyone employed by JGP;
Individuals and organisation who hold information
regarding your application;
Tax, audit or governmental or legal authorities, when
be believe in good faith that regulation requires us so
to do;
Third party outsourced service providers, such as IT
and documentation storage where appropriate and when
protections are in place;
Potential employers;
If JGP merges with or is acquired by another business
or company in the future, or is in meaningful discussions
about such an eventuality, we may share your personal
data with the (prospective) new owners;
Please note that we may also share your personal data
with multiple data controllers in the course of your job
search. Should you wish to exercise your rights in regard
to this data, JGP is not liable for the use of or
accessibility of the data by these external data
controllers. We will however assist you to the greatest
reasonable extent and where appropriate to do so.
6. HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
It is possible that personal data we collect from you may be
transferred, stored and/or processed outside the European
Economic Area. In connection with such transfers these are made
on the bases of safeguards and you can obtain details of the
safeguards by contacting us above. These can include:
The EU Model Clauses between us and the recipient; or
The transfer is made on the basis of an adequacy decision
such as the Privacy Shield for transfers to the US or Swiss
Privacy shield for Switzerland; or
The transfer is made on the basis the European Commission
has decided that the relevant non-EU country ensures an
adequate level of protection; or
Another reason applies so for example the transfer is
necessary for legal claims, to protect the vital interests of
an individual or necessary for the performance of a contract,
public interest or with consent.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will keep your personal data on our system following
meaningful contact within two years. You are able to delete,
withdraw, restrict and amend your personal data within your
account profile at any time.
We will keep any personal data regarding special or
criminal data based on our client instructions and in
accordance with their policy or for such a longer period as
we consider in good faith that the law or relevant
regulations require us to preserve your data.
8. YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The GDPR allows you to retain various rights with regard
to your data. These are detailed below.
Please note that we are only able to access, amend or
provide you with your personal data that we are storing. If
you have applied for a position through our platforms, job
boards or recruitment function it may be necessary for you to
contact the organisations to whom you have submitted your
information in order to exercise your rights. Please refer to
the job advert or contact us as per Annex A and we will
assist you in this process to the greatest reasonable extent
and where appropriate to do so.
In addition to your ability to withdraw any consent you
may have given to our processing your personal data, you may
have a number of rights in connection with the processing of
your personal data, including:
The right to request access to your
personal data that we process or control;
The right to request rectification of
any inaccuracies in your personal data or, taking into
account the purposes of our processing, to request that
incomplete data is completed;
The right to request, on legitimate grounds (as
specified in law) erasure or restriction
in the processing of your personal data that we process
or control;
The right to object, on legitimate
grounds as specified in law, to the processing of your
personal data;
The right to data portability i.e. to
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used
and machine-readable format and to have your personal
data transferred to another controller, to the extent
applicable in law; and
The right to lodge complaints regarding the processing
of your personal data with the Information Commissioner’s
Office or other relevant supervisory body. Please see
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
for how to do this.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights set out above,
please contact us using the contact details set out in Annex
A.
9. THE LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING OF DATA
We will ensure any processing of your personal data shall be
lawful, to the extent that at least one of the following
applies:
You have given consent to the
processing of your personal data for one or more specific
purposes;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a
contract;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation to which the controller is
subject;
Processing is necessary in order to protect your
vital interests or of another natural
person;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task
carried out in the public interest or
in the exercise of official authority vested in the
controller;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of our
legitimate interests pursued by [us]
or by a third party, except where such interests are
overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms
of [you] which require protection of personal data." Examples
include:
Having posted their professional CV information to a
public platform, would agree to the collection and
otherwise use of their personal data in order to fulfil
the recruitment function;
To confirm references, qualifications and criminal
record, to the extent provided for by the law, through
JGP;
To process your data to ensure that you are provided
with the expected service in regard to your job
seeking;
As part of our service offering as a business, and
help differentiate us in a competitive marketplace, so it
is in our legitimate interests to use your data for this
reason.
SPECIAL DATA
'Special' personal data covered by Article 9 of the GDPR
may be requested but is given voluntarily. Types of data
include;
Ethnicity
Gender
Sexual Orientation
Trade Union Membership
Right to Work
Where given, we will ensure any processing of this
personal data shall be lawful, to the extent that at least
one of the following applies:
Processing is necessary for the purposes of carrying
out obligations to comply with the clients' Equal
Opportunity Policy;
Processing is necessary to defend legal claims and
ensure compliance in the field of employment;
Processing for statistical purposes, subject to
appropriate safeguards including measures such as
pseudonymisation.
CRIMINAL DATA
Criminal data will be requested as deemed necessary by the
client to fulfil additional legal safeguards in the field of
employment. Please refer to the clients' privacy policy for more
information.
10. ESTABLISHING, EXERCISING OR DEFENDING LEGAL CLAIMS
In extenuating circumstances, it may be necessary for us
to use your data in connection with the exercising or
defending of legal claims. The GDPR allows this where the
processing "is necessary for the establishment, exercise or
defence of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in
their judicial capacity".
ANNEX 1 - HOW TO CONTACT US
How you can get in touch with us to exercise your rights:
You can write to us as the following address: JGP
Resourcing Ltd. Floor 2, 67-69 Cowcross Street, Clerkenwell,
London EC1M 6PU
Alternatively, you can send an email to: support@jobsgopublic.com
If you wish to unsubscribe from marketing emails you can
do so by clicking the link at the bottom of the marketing
email that we have sent you.
ANNEX 2 - HOW TO CONTACT YOUR LOCAL SUPERVISORY
AUTHORITY
The supervisory authority is the Information
Commissioner's Office. You can contact them in the following
ways:
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
Post: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe
House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
ANNEX 3 - GLOSSARY
Candidate - includes all applicants for all roles
being advertised or recruited for by JGP, including all
permanent, part-time and temporary positions, as well as
freelance roles. Also included is anyone who has submitted
their CV speculatively, or those who have actively responded
to our recruitment function.
Clients - includes all those whom JGP provides a
service in the course of its ordinary business.
Consent - consent is any freely-given, specific and
informed indication of wishes by which the Data Subject
signifies agreement to personal data being processed.
Data Controller - the Data Controller is a person
who determines the purposes for which and the manner in which
any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
GDPR - the General Data Protection Regulation
(Regulation (EU) 2016/679), or similar legislation as
implemented under English law (together with any national
implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation), in
each case as applicable and in force from time to time.
Personal Data - is data that relates to a living
individual who can be identified from that data.