https://vsymca.org/privacy-statement/
MENUMENUPROGRAMS & CLASSES
HEALTH & FITNESS
STRONG ChallengeDelay the DiseaseFamily ZumbaHope Is PowerLive Online Exercise ClassesOn Demand Group Ex ClassesPersonal TrainingTriathlon ClubWellness Orientations
2020-2021 Childcare
Remote Learning CampBefore & After School RegistrationBefore & After School Overview
AQUATICS
Lifeguarding ClassesYouth Swim LessonsYMCA Marlins Swim Team
MEMBERSHIP
Membership InfoFinancial AssistanceReopening OverviewMake a Reservation
SCHEDULESMAKE RESERVATIONSUPPORT THE Y
Donate
Privacy Statement
Valley-Shore YMCA is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Valley-Shore YMCA Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Valley-Shore YMCA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Valley-Shore YMCA collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Valley-Shore YMCA also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Valley-Shore YMCA. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Valley-Shore YMCA for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Valley-Shore YMCA Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Valley-Shore YMCA public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Valley-Shore YMCA does not read any of your private online communications.
Valley-Shore YMCA encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Valley-Shore YMCA so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Valley-Shore YMCA is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Valley-Shore YMCA and Valley-Shore YMCA family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Valley-Shore YMCA collects and uses your personal information to operate the Valley-Shore YMCA Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Valley-Shore YMCA also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Valley-Shore YMCA and its affiliates. Valley-Shore YMCA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Valley-Shore YMCA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Valley-Shore YMCA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Valley-Shore YMCA may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Valley-Shore YMCA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Valley-Shore YMCA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Valley-Shore YMCA keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Valley-Shore YMCA, in order to determine what Valley-Shore YMCA services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Valley-Shore YMCA to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Valley-Shore YMCA Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Valley-Shore YMCA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Valley-Shore YMCA; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Valley-Shore YMCA, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Valley-Shore YMCA Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Valley-Shore YMCA pages, or register with Valley-Shore YMCA site or services, a cookie helps Valley-Shore YMCA to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Valley-Shore YMCA Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Valley-Shore YMCA features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Valley-Shore YMCA services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Valley-Shore YMCA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Valley-Shore YMCA secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Valley-Shore YMCA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Valley-Shore YMCA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Valley-Shore YMCA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Valley-Shore YMCA welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Valley-Shore YMCA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Valley-Shore YMCA at tyson@shorelinepc.net. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
About the Y
Staff Directory
Privacy Statement
YMCA History
Welcome to the Y
YMCA Business Docs
Sign up for our Newsletter
Hours & Info
201 Spencer Plains Road
PO Box 694
Westbrook, CT 06498(860) 399-9622Mon-Fr 7 am - 7 pm
Sat 7 am - 12 pm
Sun 7 am - 12 pm
Extended Hours:
Mon/Thu 5-7 am
Wed 7-9 pm
Special Hours/Closings
Closed
Easter, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Christmas
Abbreviated Hours
New Year’s Day: Open 10 AM to 2 PM Thanksgiving Day: Closed
Christmas Eve: Closing at 3:00 PM
New Year’s Eve: Closing at 3:00 PM
New Year’s Day: 10 AM to 2 PM