https://vva.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of Vietnam Veterans of America
Home » Privacy Policy of Vietnam Veterans of America
Privacy Policy of Vietnam Veterans of America
Join
Click Here
Renew
Click Here
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine quality deals for products and services with integrity in dealing with our customers and members. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit our site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you actively choose to disclose (“Active Information”); and information collected, in a way not visible to you, on an aggregate anonymous basis as you and others browse our site (“Passive Information”).
NO USE OF OUR SITE BY PERSONS UNDER 13
No person under 13-years-old should disclose information on this site. You may learn more about protecting children’s privacy online by visiting http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm.
ACTIVE INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
In order to receive updates via email, we require you to disclose the following information:
Your email address
Completion of our Opt-In registration form
If you supply us with your postal address online, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Other Active Information would include any other information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTED
For each visitor to our site, our web server automatically recognizes and collects only the consumer’s domain name (where possible), but not the email address. Passive information, such as what pages consumers access or visit, is also collected.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
Broadly speaking, persons we employ directly, or as contractors or agents at our direction, use Active Information for purposes of administering our business activities and providing customer services such as support. We use Passive Information to gather information about our users and to enhance and design our site to make it easier, faster and friendlier to use. We do not connect any Passive information to your personal information or email address. The Passive information we collect is used for internal review to improve the content of our site and is then discarded. Active information is used to notify consumers about updates to our site. It is not shared with other organizations unless authorized by Vietnam Veterans of America for the benefit of our members and site users. If at any time you do not wish to receive such information, please send us an email at webmaster@vva.org.
YOUR INFORMATION IN RELATION TO OTHERS WE LINK TO
You are able to access other websites through The Vietnam Veterans of America site(s). When you do so you are doing so subject to their policies regarding privacy and data collection and you should read those sites’ privacy policies to make sure you agree to them before using such sites. When you choose to shop at such sites, you should read their privacy policies to make sure you agree to them before making purchases.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH ADVERTISERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose anonymous information about user habits, characteristics and user patterns, based on aggregate user statistics to advertisers on our site.  The member’s emails will be made available to advertisers to send their messages to but will not be revealed or sold to any third party, with your permission when you consent to receiving third party communications by checking the opt-in box. You may choose to opt out of receiving third party communication at anytime by visiting the registration page and unblocking the opt-in box. Under no circumstances will we disclose your email address on file with VVA to third parties for any direct or indirect political or electoral purposes either within VVA or external to VVA.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THE GOVERNMENT OR AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW
We may be required by law or government agency to disclose the Active Information you have provided to us.
HOW DO WE SECURE ACTIVE INFORMATION AND PASSIVE INFORMATION?
We secure your personal information submitted by you by using reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental loss or destruction of Active Information and Passive Information. Communications you may have with us via email or U.S. Mail may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures are in place prior to your sending information. Therefore, if you choose to communicate with us through these means, you are assuming the risk of doing so and we request that you do not send or post sensitive information through these means.
We reserve the right to revise this policy at our discretion. Please check back on this site as this policy may be revised from time to time without notice to you.
DONATION REFUND POLICY
VVA accepts donations on its website to support our mission.
If you believe that an error has been made in connection with your online donation, contact us at webmaster@vva.org. We will work with you to correct any such error, and if necessary, make any refund or correction that is appropriate.
If you change your mind about donating online to VVA for any reason, VVA is happy to honor your decision as long as you request a refund (return of donation) within 14 calendar days of the date on which you made the contribution.
To request a refund, email donations@vva.org . Refunds will be issued as a credit to the credit card used for the original donation.
Claims Assistance
Publications
Our Members
Financial Readiness
Legislative Action
X- Enter Your Location - - or - Get your current location