https://wallacejordan.com/privacy-policy/
Wallace, Jordan, Ratliff & Brandt, L.L.C. (the “Firm,” “we” or “us”) does not collect personal information from you except in the following instances: Information your computer, e-mail software, or web browser software may provide to the Firm’s computer servers or those of our host and service providers on our behalf, such as your IP address, your ISP, your domain name, and the type and version of the web browser software you are using; information you provide to us in e-mail messages and other communications; and information you provide to us in a form submitted through our website or through our service providers. We may use temporary, session-specific cookies to track site traffic. Cookies do not reveal or contain any identifying or personal data, cannot read any information on your computer, and cannot interact with other cookies on your hard drive. Cookies stay on the user’s hard drive to identify site visits and whether the user is a returning visitor.  Any personal information you submit to us will only be used for the apparent purpose in which it was submitted or to communicate with you.  Browsing and interacting with a website over the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, and the Firm is not responsible for third-party interception of any of your activity connected with the Firm’s public site.   Our site may contain links to external sites for your convenience. We do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for the content, accuracy or privacy practices of such sites.  We may change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you. We will post a notice on the home page of the site to notify you of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney-Client Relationship
Transmission of information from this site does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the Firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission or publication of the site, in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us using Internet e-mail through this site or otherwise does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.  If you have not already established an attorney-client relationship with our firm or any of the attorneys, please do not send detailed or confidential information in an e-mail. An attorney-client relationship is established only after you agree to hire us as your attorney and we agree to accept you as a client through a written engagement.
Legal Disclaimer
Alabama Rules of Professional Conduct require that the following language accompany any communication concerning a lawyer’s services: “No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services to be performed by other lawyers.”
Principal Office and Responsible Attorney Designation
To the extent the State Bar Rules in your jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office and/or a single attorney responsible for this web site, we designate our office in Birmingham, Alabama, as our principal office and designate Michael L. Jackson as the attorney responsible for this web site.