http://warriorsage.com/legal.html
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Quick Links:
Personal Data Registration, Refunds & Cancellations Cookie Policy
WarriorSage Privacy and Cookie Policy
WarriorSage Trainings Inc. (“WarriorSage” or “Accelerated Evolution” or “we”) are committed to protecting your personal data. “Personal Data” is data which can identify you, directly or indirectly, either from that data or from that data combined with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, our possession. It includes data such as your name, your location or online identifiers.
This Privacy Statement sets out how WarriorSage collects, uses, discloses, stores, combines, aligns, retains, disposes of, erases, adapts, disseminates or makes available (“Process” or “Processes”) your Personal Data:
•	on our WarriorSage websites: www.warriorsage.com and www.acceleratedevolutionacademy.com (our “Websites”);
•	when you interact with our customer-service centres or request information from us in any other way;
•	when you attend WarriorSage events; and
•	when you publicly post about WarriorSage or communicate directly with us via social media, third party apps and similar technologies.
Our privacy policy applies only to Personal Data about identifiable individuals. It does not apply to business information. Personal Data does not include the name, title, business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
We take technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data and follow data retention practices in line with applicable law. Please note that if you are based in the European Union, there are additional terms in place that will apply to you. These are set out in section 10 to this Policy.
1. Collection of Personal Data
We obtain Personal Data which you disclose to us, both in an online and offline context. We request Personal Data when you make purchases, create an account with us or sign up to receive news of special offers, events and product updates.
The Personal Data we request from you includes:
•	your name and job title;
•	contact information including address, telephone number and email address;
•	date of birth;
•	gender;
•	billing and purchase data (including credit card data);
•	your marketing preferences;
•	demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests; and
•	other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
We also may Process Personal Data related to a post you publish via social media, third party apps and similar technologies.
When you visit our Websites, we automatically collect the following information (including Personal Data):
•	Technical data, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
•	Data about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction data (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
Our Websites also place cookies.  Please see the Cookies section below for more details.
2.	Use of Personal Data
We Process your Personal Data for the following purposes in line with applicable law:
•	to administer any orders that you have placed with us and process payments;
•	to register and manage your account(s) or membership with us;
•	to run and help us co-ordinate promotional events and activations;
•	to respond to any queries or provide you with information, products or services that you request;
•	to manage our accounts and records;
•	to administer our Websites and help improve our products and services;
•	to prevent or detect fraud, including fraudulent purchases, or abuses of our Websites;
•	to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
•	to conduct research and analysis;
•	to personalize your Website experience (including as outlined in the Cookies section below) and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you or our consumers in general are most interested to learn about, including to provide you with tailored advertisements and emails; and
to comply with applicable law, regulations and court orders.
Where you have provided your consent, we also Process your Personal Data to send you information on product launches, special offers, sales and promotional information, and online seminars and other events.
Please note that we also link Personal Data submitted by you on our Websites with other Personal Data about you that WarriorSage may have obtained via other means. For example, Personal Data collected during a visit to one of our stores, events or your interactions with social media, third party apps or other similar technologies.
3. Who We Share Personal Data with
WarriorSage does not sell your Personal Data and only duly authorized persons within our organization will have access to your Personal Data to the extent necessary for the above-mentioned purposes.
However, we do share your Personal Data:
•	with third party service providers and WarriorSage affiliates, who Process your Personal Data in accordance with the purposes set out above or for purposes to which you have consented, on our behalf (for example, sometimes a third party service provider may have access to your Personal Data in order to support our information technology or to communicate product promotions on our behalf); and
•	where you have consented, with other businesses who may contact you about their products / services that may interest you.
Furthermore, we will also disclose your Personal Data to third parties,
•	where this is necessary to protect the security or integrity of our databases or our Websites;
•	where necessary to comply with court orders, regulatory rules or to satisfy our insurance requirements;
•	in the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event and / or to a potential or actual successor to us, where permitted by applicable law; and
•	when otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise permitted by applicable law, to the extent compatible with this Privacy Statement.
Other than the instances set out above, we will never share your Personal Data with any third party, without first obtaining your consent.
4. Consent
We may obtain your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data, either expressly for a stated purpose, or impliedly when the purposes are indicated by the relevant circumstances.
By providing us with Personal Data, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will seek your consent as required by law before using personal data for any purpose beyond the scope of your original consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal and contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Please note, however, that withdrawing consent may affect our ability to serve you and maintain our relationship.
If you no longer wish to receive our publications or receive information about our services, including by email, please send an e-mail message to: info@warriorsage.com with the subject line "unsubscribe".
5. Transfer of Personal Data
As WarriorSage is a global company, your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected and may be shared both intra-group as well as with third parties located in other jurisdictions, including those that do not have similar data protection laws. All international transfers of Personal Data will be made in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
When we transfer Personal Data internationally, we put in place safeguards in accordance with applicable law – including Articles 44 to 50 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to know more about our data transfer practices and safeguarding measures, please contact our privacy team at: info@warriorsage.com
6. Your Rights
Data protection law gives rights to individuals in respect of the Personal Data that organisations hold about them. To the extent provided by applicable law, you may:
•	request access to the Personal Data We maintain about you;
•	request that We rectify, delete or block your Personal Data;
•	object at any time to the Processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing as well as other purposes where there is a compelling legitimate ground relating to your particular situation; and
•	withdraw any given consent at any time without explanation.
Please note that if you withdraw certain consents, you may not be able to use all the functions of the Website or other websites or online services.
To exercise any applicable data protection rights, please contact us at: info@warriorsage.com
WarriorSage reserves the right to request additional documents from you to enable us to verify your identity.
7. Social Platforms and Links to Other Sites
Our Websites contain social media plug-ins, that may include: Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Facebook.  If you interact with these plug-ins, your activity on our Websites will also be made available to those social platforms. WarriorSage does not control these platforms and is not responsible for the Processing of Personal Data taking place on them or their respective privacy policies. Therefore, we encourage you to read the privacy policies of these social platforms before interacting with their plug-ins on our Websites.  Please also read the Cookies section to find out more about social media cookies.
Our Websites may also contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of such third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for how they Process Personal Data. We encourage you to review any privacy policy posted on any website you visit before using the website or providing any Personal Data about yourself.
8. Security of your Personal Data
We have policies and procedures in place to protect your Personal Data from loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
9. Cookies
In order to collect certain data described above, we use cookie technology on our Websites.
A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive, mobile phone or other device. You can set or change your cookie preferences by visiting the “Cookie Settings” at the bottom of the webpage.  You can also set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.  This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not.  However, some of the services and features offered through our Websites may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
We use the following types of cookies on our Websites:
1.	Strictly necessary and functional cookies
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are, therefore, always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. They help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
2.	Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on the Website. In some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you’ve selected. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
3.	Advertising and Social Media cookies
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond Websites. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with the social networks, including Google and Facebook and not allowing you to effectively share content.
We place the following advertising cookies:
Google Analytics & Adwords - with an expiry of 90 days
Facebook - with a expiry of 90 days
To comply with current law, we need to ask for your consent to the use of certain cookies.  When you arrive on our Website, a pop-up footer will appear asking for your consent to place cookies on your device. To get more information or amend your preferences, press the “More Information” button or visit "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of the webpage.  If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by re-visiting the “Cookie Settings” at the bottom of the webpage or by altering your browser settings.
You can find more information about cookies at:www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
10. Customers based in the European Union
If you are in the European Union, please note that this section applies to our processing of your Personal Data in addition to the other terms of this Privacy Policy.
As a data controller, WarriorSage processes your Personal Data in compliance with the requirements of the GDPR, as amended from time to time. We only process your Personal Data:
•	With your consent
•	For performing the services you have requested from us, or, upon your request, to take the steps necessary to provide you with such services; or
•	In the furtherance of our legitimate interests in maintaining business relationships and communicating with you as a business contact about WarriorSage’s activities and services. We consider that our legitimate interests are in compliance with the GDPR and your legal rights and freedoms. You have the right to object to any of this processing and, if you want to, please contact our Privacy Officer at info@warriorsage.com
We only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or as long as required for our legal or business purposes.
Any reference to “Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy should be understood as referring to “personal data”, as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
In addition the rights described above under “Your Rights”, you may in some cases have the following rights:
•	The right to request an electronic copy of the Personal Data we process about you. We may charge you a reasonable administration fee should you require multiple copies. We may also require you to prove your identity before releasing your data;
•	The right to require that we amend any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data that we process about you;
•	The right to request that we delete Personal Data that we process about you, unless we are required to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
•	The right to request that we restrict our processing of your Personal Data where you believe it to be inaccurate, where our processing is unlawful, or where we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose, but are not able to delete the data or because you do not want us to delete it;
•	The right to request that we transmit the Personal Data we hold in respect of you to another data controller, under certain circumstances;
•	Where the legal justification for our processing of your Personal Data is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim; and
•	The right to withdraw your consent to our processing your Personal Data at any time, including where you wish to opt out from marketing messages that you receive from us.
If you are in the European Union you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws.
11. Questions and Complaints
Please address any queries or complaints to: info@warriorsage.com who will then direct your query to the most appropriate person within the WarriorSage group.
Last updated June 4, 2018
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This website is operated by WarriorSage Trainings Inc. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to WarriorSage Trainings Inc. WarriorSage Trainings Inc. offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state, province or country of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state, province or country of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - POLICIES AND AGREEMENTS FOR REGISTRATION OF TRAININGS & PROGRAMS
A.	TUITION, MEALS, ACCOMMODATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION FEE
All listed costs on events and courses are for tuition only. Meals, accommodations, administration fees and travel to and from events and courses are not included in the event/course price unless specifically noted in writing by WarriorSage Trainings Inc. Payment in full of tuition and meals and/or accommodations and/or administration fees (if applicable) must be received by WarriorSage Trainings Inc. in strict accordance with the policies outlined herein. Registrants who have not paid the full event/course cost by the start of the event/course will not be admitted to the event/course. If the registrant should default on any payment, the result may be cancellation of the registered event/course and the Cancellation Policy will apply. In the case of cancellation from an event/course, the Cancellation Policy below applies to the meals, accommodations and administration fee as well as tuition. When paying by credit card for purchases over $1,000, a 3% administration fee will apply. In the case of an NSF cheque or declined credit card authorization, a charge of $50 will be applied. The registrant will have seven (7) days to rectify any default on a payment. If the event/course is within thirty (30) days, the registrant will have 24 hours to rectify the situation; otherwise, all special discounts and bonuses will be forfeited and full tuition will apply for the program. Tuition, meals, accommodations and administration fee for all Retreats and The Find YourSelf Journey Adventure Tours will be charged in US funds.
B.	CANCELLATION & REFUND POLICY
WarriorSage Trainings Inc. offers high quality, first-class programs. Each program requires extensive preparation and these preparations are based on the number of registrants. In addition, our suppliers for site location, event/course activities and supplies charge "per attendee" and require WarriorSage Trainings Inc. to place non-refundable deposits when a registrant registers for a program. We commit to these services and supplies on your behalf. For these reasons, credit or refund is only available within the first seven (7) days of registration. After this time, no form of credit or refund will be issued. Transfer requests of event/course to another date is at the sole discretion of WarriorSage Trainings Inc., if another date is available. Transfers are not available for retreats and The Find YourSelf Journey Adventure Tours.
1. If any event/course products or packages were received as part of the event/course, they must be returned in excellent condition in order for any credit or refund to be processed. Shipping and handling costs are not refundable.
2. In the event of an act of God, such as a flood, hurricane, power outage, war, and the like, preventing WarriorSage Trainings Inc. from delivering the agreed-upon event/course, excursion, Adventure or similar event, WarriorSage Trainings Inc. will not be held responsible for any costs incurred pertaining to the agreed-upon program. WarriorSage Trainings Inc. will work diligently to offer the same or similar program on a date as convenient to all or the majority of affected registrants as WarriorSage Trainings Inc. can arrange.
3. Due to possible unreliability of email and voice mail, all cancellations must be in writing and delivered by postal mail, courier or by hand to WarriorSage Trainings Inc. Email, voice mail or verbal communication does not constitute official cancellation. A cancellation notice will be deemed to be the date on which WarriorSage Trainings Inc. receives the written notification. Should the registrant fail to notify WarriorSage Trainings Inc. in writing of any changes and not arrive at the event, there will be no credit or refund issued.
4. Special note about Retreats and The Find YourSelf Journey Adventure Tour. We highly recommend you purchase trip cancellation and travel insurance, as these events are not transferable or refundable.
C.	PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY
I understand that by participating in a WarriorSage Trainings Inc. event/course and that I am applying for instruction in an activity which may involve physical, emotional and psychological activity and that in case of such undertaking there is always a risk involved. I understand that in a group event/course setting, the instructor or the staff cannot always monitor my physical, emotional and psychological limits, and that I am therefore fully responsible for assessing the risk any activity may pose to me, and that I may choose a safe course of action for myself. I assume the risk and responsibility for any injuries or damages suffered by me arising out of my participation in any WarriorSage Trainings Inc. events/courses. In consideration of the opportunity to participate in WarriorSage Trainings Inc. events/courses, I hereby release, acquit, discharge, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, and waive all my rights to sue or be compensated by WarriorSage Trainings Inc., Satyen Raja, Suzanne Raja or any of the training instructors, consultants, guides, staff or students taking part in the event/course in any way.
D.	VOICE/IMAGE/VIDEO RELEASE
I understand that WarriorSage Trainings Inc. will photograph/audio/video record the events/courses I am enrolled in. I understand and agree that my image and/or voice and/or video may be recorded and embodied as part of a product or promotional piece by WarriorSage Trainings Inc. and I grant WarriorSage Trainings Inc. the right to use my image/voice/video in its promotional materials and/or products. I acknowledge and agree that WarriorSage Trainings Inc. has complete ownership of the promotional materials and products in which my image/voice/video may appear and that I have no interest or ownership in the promotional materials and/or products or their copyright. This Image/Voice/Video Release is granted to WarriorSage Trainings Inc. and is perpetual and worldwide.
SECTION 4 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 5 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 6 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 7 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
SECTION 8 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools "as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 9 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 10 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 11 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 12 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 13 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 14 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall WarriorSage Trainings Inc., our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 15 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless WarriorSage Trainings Inc. and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 16 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 17 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 18 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 19 - DISCLAIMER
Accelerated Evolution or any WarriorSage Training, is not an alternative to professional help, medical, psychiatric or psychological diagnosis, treatment or advice. Accelerated Evolution Processes are not intended to substitute for professional medical advice. Never disregard professional clinical advice and never delay seeking it because of anything experienced in an Accelerated Evolution Training or Coaching session.
SECTION 20 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
SECTION 21 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 22 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at info@warriorsage.com.
SECTION 23 - PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Accelerated Evolution & WarriorSage uses and protects any personal data that you give Accelerated Evolution & WarriorSage when you use this website. “Personal Data” is data which can identify you, directly or indirectly, either from that data or from that data combined with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, our possession. It includes data such as your name, your location or online identifiers.
Accelerated Evolution & WarriorSage is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Accelerated Evolution & WarriorSage may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from July 7, 2016.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
•	name and job title
•	contact information including email address
•	demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
•	other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
•	Internal record keeping.
•	We may use the information to improve our products and services.
•	We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
•	From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your Personal Data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Please note that no method of transmitting or storing information is completely secure. While we take appropriate measures to protect your Personal Data, there is always a risk that it may be lost, intercepted or misused. We make no warranty with respect to the integrity of any electronic communications between us and you or with respect to the security of any communication, and you consent to our exchange of electronic communications, including communications containing your personal data, unencrypted.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
•	whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
•	if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@warriorsage.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your Personal Data to third parties unless we have your consent or are required by law to do so. We may use your Personal Data to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of Personal Data which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to WarriorSage, PO Box 12033 Murraryville RPO, Langley, British Columbia, Canada, V2Y 0M6
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Consent
We may obtain your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data, either expressly for a stated purpose, or impliedly when the purposes are indicated by the relevant circumstances.
By providing us with Personal Data, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will seek your consent as required by law before using personal data for any purpose beyond the scope of your original consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal and contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Please note, however, that withdrawing consent may affect our ability to serve you and maintain our relationship.
If you no longer wish to receive our publications or receive information about our services, including by email, please send an e-mail message to: info@warriorsage.com with the subject line "unsubscribe".
Transfer of Personal Data
As WarriorSage is a global company, your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected and may be shared both intra-group as well as with third parties located in other jurisdictions, including those that do not have similar data protection laws. All international transfers of Personal Data will be made in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
When we transfer Personal Data internationally, we put in place safeguards in accordance with applicable law – including Articles 44 to 50 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to know more about our data transfer practices and safeguarding measures, please contact our privacy team at: info@warriorsage.com
Customers based in the European Union
If you are in the European Union, please note that this section applies to our processing of your Personal Data in addition to the other terms of this Privacy Policy.
As a data controller, WarriorSage processes your Personal Data in compliance with the requirements of the GDPR, as amended from time to time. We only process your Personal Data:
•	With your consent
•	For performing the services you have requested from us, or, upon your request, to take the steps necessary to provide you with such services; or
•	In the furtherance of our legitimate interests in maintaining business relationships and communicating with you as a business contact about WarriorSage’s activities and services. We consider that our legitimate interests are in compliance with the GDPR and your legal rights and freedoms. You have the right to object to any of this processing and, if you want to, please contact our Privacy Officer at info@warriorsage.com
We only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or as long as required for our legal or business purposes.
Any reference to “Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy should be understood as referring to “personal data”, as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
In addition the rights described above under “Your Rights”, you may in some cases have the following rights:
•	The right to request an electronic copy of the Personal Data we process about you. We may charge you a reasonable administration fee should you require multiple copies. We may also require you to prove your identity before releasing your data;
•	The right to require that we amend any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data that we process about you;
•	The right to request that we delete Personal Data that we process about you, unless we are required to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
•	The right to request that we restrict our processing of your Personal Data where you believe it to be inaccurate, where our processing is unlawful, or where we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose, but are not able to delete the data or because you do not want us to delete it;
•	The right to request that we transmit the Personal Data we hold in respect of you to another data controller, under certain circumstances;
•	Where the legal justification for our processing of your Personal Data is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim; and
•	The right to withdraw your consent to our processing your Personal Data at any time, including where you wish to opt out from marketing messages that you receive from us.
If you are in the European Union you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws.
Questions and Complaints
Please address any queries or complaints to: info@warriorsage.com who will then direct your query to the most appropriate person within the WarriorSage group.
Last updated June 4, 2018