https://web-holidays.com/privacy-statement/
Celebrating Holidays, Observances & Festivals Around the World
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2020 Quick View Calendar Most Searched for Holidays
Jan. 01: New Years Day
Jan. 20: Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Jan. 15: Pongal
Jan. 25: Chinese New Year
Feb. 02: Groundhog Day
Feb. 14: Valentines Day
Feb. 17: Presidents Day
Feb. 25: Mardi Gras
Feb. 26: Lent begins
Mar. 09: Purim
Mar. 09: Holi
Mar. 17: St. Patrick’s Day
Apr. 01: April Fools Day
Apr. 08: Passover
Apr. 12: Easter
Apr. 22: Earth Day
Apr. 23: Ramadan
May 05: Cinco de Mayo
May 10: Mother’s Day
May 25: Memorial Day
Jun. 21: Father’s Day
Jul. 01: Canada Day
Jul. 04: US Independence Day
Sep. 07: Labor Day
Sep. 18: Rosh Hashanah
Sep. 19: Oktoberfest
Oct. 01: Mid-Autumn Festival
Oct. 12: Columbus Day
Oct. 31: Halloween
Nov. 11: Veteran’s Day
Nov. 14: Diwali
Nov. 26: Thanksgiving
Dec. 10: Chanukah
Dec. 25: Christmas
Dec. 26: Kwanzaa
Web-Holidays.com is website dedicated to world holidays and celebrations. It is for entertainment purposes only. Web-Holidays is committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to this site.Our website address is: https://web-holidays.com.
The purpose of this page is to inform you about the types of information gathered about you when you visit the site and what we do with that information.
Quick Version:
Web-Holidays.com uses Google Analytics (read their privacy policy) to analyzes content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser’s settings.
At times, you may be asked to voluntarily supply with personal information, such as your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number, for such purposes as correspondence or participating in online contests, surveys, or games. You information is never given out to third parties and it is guarded others.
Email addresses used for comments are not publicly viewable and is not used for any purpose other than to give you a unique ID for posting (unless you ask for information, then it is used by Web-Holidays to contact you with a response.
A backup of this site is created monthly and is stored off site in a secured location. Backups older than a month are deleted.
Web-Holidays.com has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any site linked to on its pages. Web-Holidays.com is not responsible for the republishing of its content on other websites or media without permission.
Extended Version:
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Website Security
This site uses the WordFence security plugin. See their Privacy Policy; CCPA notice; Privacy Shield Policy
Contact Forms
The contact form on this website connects to Yahoo and Bluehost. If you use it, your data will be shared with those email services. It’s Yahoo privacy policy is here, and Bluehost privacy policy is here.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Web-Holidays.com uses Google Analytics (read their privacy policy) to analyzes content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser’s settings.
Who we share your data with
This website uses Google Analytics to collect data about demographics of the people who access this website. If you do not want your information collected, Google provides you with a browser addon, which you can download here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
If there is a change in policy, it will be posted here at they go into effect.
modified 5/22/2020
Currently CelebratingTweets by WebHolidayscom
Holiday Wrapping Paper Christmas Wrapping Paper, Ribbon & Tags
Follow
Social Media Shout Out Use hashtags (#) and the name of the holiday without spaces, apostrophes, or hyphens.
Examples:
#NationalRoséDay
#HerosDay
Tag @webholidayscom on Twitter!
Join the Mailing List
Subscribe to Web-Holidays News
View Archives
Quick View Calendar 2020 holiday dates in + menu, navigation bar and on the homepage
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset