http://web.archive.org/web/20170919092547/http://www.naturalnews.com/045925_illegal_aliens_traffic_accidents_uninsured_motorists.html
success
fail
Feb
MAR
Oct
06
2017
2018
2019
28 captures
10 Jul 2014 - 28 Nov 2020
About this capture
COLLECTED BY
Organization: Archive Team
Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history.
History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations.
The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs.
This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine, providing a path back to lost websites and work.
Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find.
The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures.
Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler
ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites).
To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently.
There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com.
ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot.
TIMESTAMPS
Home
Subscribe (free)
About NaturalNews
Contact Us
Write for NaturalNews
Media Info
Advertising Info
Tweet
Articles
Blogs
Labs
Science
Reference
Reports
Videos
Infographics
Music
Cartoons
RSS
Store
Search Powered by GoodGopher.com
Health Ranger's vehicle violently rammed by illegal immigrant asleep at the wheel in Texas
Wednesday, July 09, 2014by Mike Adams, the Health RangerTags: illegal aliens, traffic accidents, uninsured motorists
(NaturalNews) Most Americans are aware that the Texas border is being overrun with illegal immigrants, but they don't have firsthand experience in what it really means for law-abiding citizens. Right now, those who advocate this wave of human migrants are living in a fairytale, denying the very real costs on society in terms of education, health care, welfare, public health and public safety.One of these points was driven home for me in a very violent way today as I was driving in my vehicle. While lawfully stopped at a red traffic light, I was violently rear-ended at high speed by a Dodge Ram truck. The driver, I soon found out, was a very young illegal immigrant who now worked in construction. The kid, clearly of Latino origin, couldn't have been older than 17, and he told me he "fell asleep at the wheel." If my car hadn't been in the way, it turns out, he would have driven head first -- fully asleep -- right into a busy intersection and possibly caused multiple fatalities.It was my vehicle, in other words, that took the hit and blocked Juan from barreling through a crowded intersection at high speed, injuring or killing any number of innocent Americans.No insurance, no money, no surpriseThis kid, who really is named Juan (I'll keep his last name private), of course had no insurance. The truck belonged to his brother, and his brother didn't have insurance either. They both worked in construction and were paid cash on a daily basis, completely outside the salary and tax system. I know all this because he volunteered this information, asking me not to call the police and saying that he would pay me back for the damage.I had no plans to call the police, of course, because everybody in Texas knows that illegal immigrant drivers have total legal immunity on Texas roads. Calling the police would just waste my time and theirs. Instead, I called my insurance company and filed a claim while documenting the evidence of the crash with my camera.Now, the good news is that I wasn't seriously hurt in the accident, and neither was Juan. He also didn't try to flee the accident, and he offered to pay for the damage, to his credit. But this article isn't about myself or Juan; it's about the fact that 100,000 more children like Juan have illegally entered Texas over the last few months, and those 100,000 kids are going to sooner or later be driving all over America's roads, violating all the same rules, and very likely causing a huge number of road accidents while carrying no insurance, just like Juan.The mainstream media likes to portray illegal immigrants as harmless and helpless children who couldn't harm a fly. But what they don't tell you is that these same kids find themselves a few years later behind the wheels of multi-ton vehicles, barreling down the highways with no drivers licenses, no insurance and no legitimate driver's education. As any Texas Highway Patrol officer will readily tell you, this creates a very real and present danger to public safety.Illegal entry leads to illegal use of public roadsMany of these individuals, you see, refuse to abide by the rules of society. While other LEGAL immigrants follow the laws and apply for immigration, go through the background checks and wait their turn, the 100,000+ illegals crossing over the border follow no such rules. They believe they are immune to laws and rules, and many carry that belief into their adult life.Where everybody else on the road buys auto insurance, they don't. Where everybody else pays taxes, they don't. Where everybody else gets a ticket for rolling through a stop sign, the illegal drivers get total immunity, even for driving without insurance and smashing into other people's cars or property. On the rare cases when they do get called into court for a serious infraction, the judges frequently let them off with $10 fines, saying, "They have no money to pay more."This is what it's like to live in Texas right now... or Arizona or New Mexico. We Americans who attempt to live in a lawful, civil society are being overrun by a wave of people who have total disregard for the law and who are being openly encouraged by a President who shares that total disregard for the law.This is not a condemnation of any person's race or country of origin. I hold all people in high regard as long as they are willing to participate in a lawful and just society. A person's country of origin, skin color, religion or even sexual orientation matter nothing to me in terms of judging their character.What I am wholly opposed to is the rampant runaway lawlessness now reflected across America from the White House down to the illegal migrants crossing the border and hoping to "cash in" on a society running on political handouts.As a result, law-abiding, hardworking citizens like myself who create jobs, pay taxes and repeatedly donate large sums of money to non-profit causes are subjected to being literally run over on the streets by illegals who demonstrate total disregard for America's laws and public safety.And I was lucky in the sense that I have lots of martial arts training and a large, strong body with very high bone density. Had an older, more fragile person been struck in their car the same way I was struck today, they would have been sent to the emergency room. Had children been in the vehicle, they might have been seriously injured or even killed.Illegals cause far more auto accidents than you might suspectOf course, it's true that anyone can be involved in an automobile accident from time to time, but those of us who live in Texas know the truth that almost no one dare utter: it is the illegals who account for a disproportionately high percentage of automobile accidents and fatalities.They place an enormous economic burden on law-abiding Texans because they refuse to buy car insurance, and they refuse to obey any real rules. They don't pay taxes but they vote. They don't buy auto insurance but they drive. With a few simple paperwork forms, they can also collect various entitlement payments funded by American taxpayers.These are people who refuse to contribute to society but insist on taking from it.And like millions of other Americans, I've had enough of this insanity. It's time for Americans to secure their own border by any means necessary and stop this relentless invasion by lawless people, many of whom will forever remain lawbreakers in our cities and on our streets.America cannot afford to pay their "benefits" while carrying the burden of their mistakes and careless accidents. We are a nation of people who are desperately struggling just to pay our own obligations such as pensions for retired city workers and salaries for schoolteachers. Our health care system is in a state of utter collapse; our police officers are vastly out-numbered and out-gunned; and our debts continue to rise beyond anything we can ever hope to pay.We cannot take on the plight of hundreds of thousands of illegals migrants who for the most part want to cash in on a society they see as a sort of "social lottery." No matter how compassionate we are in our own hearts, this wave of immigration has serious economic and public safety consequences that we cannot ignore. And those consequences were really driven home for me today when my vehicle was rammed from behind in a violent crash today.If you don't live near the border, you may not yet understand the severity of this problemFrom a distance, those of you in New York or Oregon (for example) might think this problem seems merely theoretical. You don't have these illegals driving Dodge Ram trucks on your roads yet. You aren't dealing with the schools being overrun by children who can't speak English and thereby pull enormous resources away from the American children whose parents paid for their education via property taxes.You don't have the tax burden of paying for the enormous drain on public services necessary to deal with these events. So you can't yet understand the severity of these issues firsthand. In time, however, as these illegals make their way into your cities and home towns, you will come to recognize the severity of this unprecedented cultural catastrophe. America is being overrun, and they aren't going to stop at Texas, either.I am not anti-immigration, by the way. If an immigrant wants to join America through an honorable, legal route that abides by the rules, I welcome them with open arms. After all, America is a nation built by immigrants, and I myself am of primarily European descent, making me a European-American descendant of immigrants.The difference is that law-abiding Texans like myself contribute to society. We abide by the rules. We carry mandated auto insurance. We pay taxes and create jobs. We give back to society through donations and volunteer service. And we are rapidly shrinking in number. Who will cover all these costs when all the law-abiding Americans have lost their jobs and have been economically crushed by the taxes needed to maintain social welfare programs? Nobody, it turns out. The system will collapse into ruin, and then cities won't even be able to afford any law enforcement services at all.I can handle today's hit, but many Americans can'tFollowing today's auto accident, Juan probably owes me $1,000 in out-of-pocket costs that I will have to pay to see my vehicle repaired. Will I ever receive $1,000 from Juan? Not a chance. So Juan not only rammed my vehicle, he also transferred onto me his financial responsibility for his actions. (The insurance company already determined Juan was 100% at fault.)Can I afford $1,000? Absolutely I can, but a lot of Americans cannot. For them, $1,000 was their grocery money to feed their family for two months, or it might have been tuition money for a community college so they could pursue a better education. $1,000 isn't chump change for a lot of people, and every time illegals like Juan smash into people's vehicles, they spontaneously create these enormous financial burdens that, for many people, can be too much to bear.Nevertheless, I don't hold any personal ill will toward Juan, and I'm glad he wasn't injured. It would have been heartbreaking to have seen him seriously injured, bleeding out in the driver's seat of his truck. Had that happened, of course, I am always ready with my knife to cut away the seatbelt and free him from the wreckage. I would have given him emergency first aid, called 911 and even administered CPR on him if necessary to keep him alive.I don't despise people like Juan, you see. I would go out of my way to save their lives in a crisis. But it is also the truth that people like Juan are a public safety hazard, and they absolutely do NOT go out of their way to abide by the rules of Texas or the United States of America. They do not play by the same rules as you and I. In fact, they don't play by the rules at all. Because of that, they are a very serious public safety hazard to us all.I consider myself a compassionate person, but my compassion is not blind. While I will go out of my way to help people in an emergency, I also demand that people take responsibility for their own actions and work to contribute to a safer and more lawful society. That means if people want to drive on our roads, they need to carry the same insurance and licenses as everybody else. Why should illegals be granted immunity from the laws of public roads?I've also concluded that the best defense against any cops is now ridiculously simple: Change your name to "Juan," ditch your license and your insurance, and claim to be an illegal alien any time you're pulled over. You will be set free from all speed traps, accidents, driving violations and liability. Illegals are America's new Untouchables.Tomorrow Juan might ram into YOUToday Juan rammed his vehicle into the Health Ranger's car, and the Health Ranger can take a good body slam and keep on truckin'. But tomorrow Juan might fall asleep at the wheel again and run over your aging mother, or your young child, or your family dog.What will you do with Juan and his 100,000 brothers and sisters when they start causing YOU loss of property or life? Will you then wish we had secured our borders and enforced lawful entry into the United States of America?
Search on GoodGopher.com
GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers.
Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Illegal aliens at FETCH.news
The world of independent media, all in one place.
Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter
Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more...
Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more...
More news on illegal aliens
1 million illegal aliens enrolled in Obamacare?Mary's Gone Crackers busted for employing 49 illegal aliens, displacing the jobs of U.S. workersIRS sends $46 million in 'tax refunds' to thousands of illegal aliens all claiming the same Atlanta addressIllegal aliens demand free organ transplants from U.S. hospitalsLawless Obama openly calls for illegal aliens to VOTE... says they won't be deported even if caughtTSA grants security amnesty to illegals: no ID required to fly commercial airplanes, but only if you're NOT an American (opinion)Obama Administration refuses to release names of dangerous criminal illegal aliens let loose in U.S. cities
About the author:Mike Adams (aka the "Health Ranger") is a best selling author (#1 best selling science book on Amazon.com) and a globally recognized scientific researcher in clean foods. He serves as the founding editor of NaturalNews.com and the lab science director of an internationally accredited (ISO 17025) analytical laboratory known as CWC Labs. There, he was awarded a Certificate of Excellence for achieving extremely high accuracy in the analysis of toxic elements in unknown water samples using ICP-MS instrumentation. Adams is also highly proficient in running liquid chromatography, ion chromatography and mass spectrometry time-of-flight analytical instrumentation.
Adams is a person of color whose ancestors include Africans and Native American Indians. He's also of Native American heritage, which he credits as inspiring his "Health Ranger" passion for protecting life and nature against the destruction caused by chemicals, heavy metals and other forms of pollution.
Adams is the founder and publisher of the open source science journal Natural Science Journal, the author of numerous peer-reviewed science papers published by the journal, and the author of the world's first book that published ICP-MS heavy metals analysis results for foods, dietary supplements, pet food, spices and fast food. The book is entitled Food Forensics and is published by BenBella Books.
In his laboratory research, Adams has made numerous food safety breakthroughs such as revealing rice protein products imported from Asia to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals like lead, cadmium and tungsten. Adams was the first food science researcher to document high levels of tungsten in superfoods. He also discovered over 11 ppm lead in imported mangosteen powder, and led an industry-wide voluntary agreement to limit heavy metals in rice protein products.
In addition to his lab work, Adams is also the (non-paid) executive director of the non-profit Consumer Wellness Center (CWC), an organization that redirects 100% of its donations receipts to grant programs that teach children and women how to grow their own food or vastly improve their nutrition. Through the non-profit CWC, Adams also launched Nutrition Rescue, a program that donates essential vitamins to people in need. Click here to see some of the CWC success stories.
With a background in science and software technology, Adams is the original founder of the email newsletter technology company known as Arial Software. Using his technical experience combined with his love for natural health, Adams developed and deployed the content management system currently driving NaturalNews.com. He also engineered the high-level statistical algorithms that power SCIENCE.naturalnews.com, a massive research resource featuring over 10 million scientific studies.
Adams is well known for his incredibly popular consumer activism video blowing the lid on fake blueberries used throughout the food supply. He has also exposed "strange fibers" found in Chicken McNuggets, fake academic credentials of so-called health "gurus," dangerous "detox" products imported as battery acid and sold for oral consumption, fake acai berry scams, the California raw milk raids, the vaccine research fraud revealed by industry whistleblowers and many other topics.
Adams has also helped defend the rights of home gardeners and protect the medical freedom rights of parents. Adams is widely recognized to have made a remarkable global impact on issues like GMOs, vaccines, nutrition therapies, human consciousness.
In addition to his activism, Adams is an accomplished musician who has released over a dozen popular songs covering a variety of activism topics.
Click here to read a more detailed bio on Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, at HealthRanger.com.
comments powered by Disqus
Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website
Permalink to this article:
https://www.naturalnews.com/045925_illegal_aliens_traffic_accidents_uninsured_motorists.html
Embed article link: (copy HTML code below):
Health Ranger's vehicle violently rammed by illegal immigrant asleep at the wheel in Texas
Reprinting this article:
Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link.
Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest
Most Viewed Articles
Today
Week
Month
Year
YouTube deletes entire Health Ranger video channel; deletes over 1700 videos in latest politically motivated censorship purge (UPDATED) - NaturalNews.com
ADHD is a FAKE disease invented by Big Pharma to drug children for profit - NaturalNews.com
Massive outpouring of support for the Health Ranger after outrageous YouTube censorship of entire channel, wiping 1700+ videos spanning 10+ years - NaturalNews.com
Doctors SHOCKED as children no longer able to hold pencils due to endless use of mobile devices - NaturalNews.com
Petroleum jelly’s amazing uses for survival and prepping - NaturalNews.com
Saline solution in hospital IVs found to cause kidney failure - NaturalNews.com
Probiotics found to reverse depression without the violent side effects of SSRI antidepressants - NaturalNews.com
Saving seeds is simple and easy: Basic tips and how-to wisdom - NaturalNews.com
Over a million children under the age of six are currently on psychiatric drugs in America - NaturalNews.com
Sham surgeries reveal just how useless some procedures really are - NaturalNews.com
YouTube-Google now mirroring the Communist Chinese govt. by censoring ALL content that goes against “the state” - NaturalNews.com
Liberal lunatics: Students go insane when panel agrees that men and women are different - NaturalNews.com
Bee propolis: One of nature's most effective antibiotics - NaturalNews.com
Tennessee becomes the fourth state to restrict the use of Monsanto herbicide - NaturalNews.com
Tap water in Illinois is polluted with high levels of nitrate from the GMO corn belt - NaturalNews.com
Many cases of “dementia” are actually side effects of prescription drugs or vaccines, according to research - NaturalNews.com
Teenage boy dies from meningitis only MONTHS after receiving the vaccine - NaturalNews.com
You already know superfoods are full of nutrients - but do you know how to prepare those foods for maximum nutrient bioavailability? - NaturalNews.com
Many cases of “dementia” are actually side effects of prescription drugs or vaccines, according to research - NaturalNews.com
Opioid prescription drug deaths dwarf shooting deaths, yet there’s no call to ban Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com
Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics - NaturalNews.com
ADHD is a FAKE disease invented by Big Pharma to drug children for profit - NaturalNews.com
It takes money to try to hold Big Pharma accountable: Chuck Norris sues 11 drug companies for poisoning his wife - NaturalNews.com
BOMBSHELL CONFIRMED: Broward County deputies were *ORDERED* to stand down… then all radio communications were cut off while the shooting continued - NaturalNews.com
Save your video files! Health Ranger to launch YouTube alternative that protects the free speech of real Americans - NaturalNews.com
Microwave ovens ‘fluke’ your heart while they ‘nuke’ your food - alarming studies reveal microwave frequency radiation can affect heart and blood - NaturalNews.com
YouTube TYRANTS now attacking your ability to think, speak or question the state… are we living under Communist China? - NaturalNews.com
YouTube deletes entire Health Ranger video channel; deletes over 1700 videos in latest politically motivated censorship purge - NaturalNews.com
This one disturbing photo perfectly captures the “social justice” future of America if Leftists win - NaturalNews.com
Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption - NaturalNews.com
The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these?
This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com
YouTube deletes entire Health Ranger video channel; deletes over 1700 videos in latest politically motivated censorship purge (UPDATED) - NaturalNews.com
YouTube now scrubbing older videos about SANDY HOOK shooting as content purge accelerates; strike issued against Health Ranger for 2012 interview of banned book author - NaturalNews.com
Your basic homemade medicines: 10 tinctures to keep in stock - NaturalNews.com
Curcumin helps reduce muscle soreness and injury pain after physical activity, according to study - NaturalNews.com
PSYCH DRUG SHOOTERS: Florida school shooter “was on medication,” reports Miami Herald, just like nearly all other mass shooters - NaturalNews.com
Over a million children under the age of six are currently on psychiatric drugs in America - NaturalNews.com
Opioid prescription drug deaths dwarf shooting deaths, yet there’s no call to ban Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com
It’s all THEATER: Florida high school shooting survivor caught on video rehearsing scripted lines, coached by camera man - NaturalNews.com
New “recycling” technology is actually CANNIBALISM: Dead people are liquefied, drained into city sewers, then dumped on food crops as “biosludge” - NaturalNews.com
Many cases of “dementia” are actually side effects of prescription drugs or vaccines, according to research - NaturalNews.com
BOMBSHELL: Florida mass shooting was ALLOWED to happen: Four deputies stood down, led by egomaniacal sheriff exposed as an anti-gun Democrat operative seeking fame - NaturalNews.com
Flu vaccine BOMBSHELL: 630% more “aerosolized flu virus particles” emitted by people who received flu shots… flu vaccines actually SPREAD the flu - NaturalNews.com
It takes money to try to hold Big Pharma accountable: Chuck Norris sues 11 drug companies for poisoning his wife - NaturalNews.com
Every mass shooting over last 20 years has one thing in common (and it isn’t guns) - NaturalNews.com
Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics - NaturalNews.com
Every mass shooting over last 20 years has one thing in common... and it's not guns
Microwave ovens ‘fluke’ your heart while they ‘nuke’ your food - alarming studies reveal microwave frequency radiation can affect heart and blood - NaturalNews.com
ADHD is a FAKE disease invented by Big Pharma to drug children for profit - NaturalNews.com
Chemotherapy found to SPREAD cancer throughout the body, warn scientists - NaturalNews.com
On the same day that 17 children were murdered in a Florida high school, almost 300 Americans were killed by FDA-approved prescription medications - NaturalNews.com
Kidney doctor who sounded the alarm on vaccine damage was targeted for murder when the brake lines of her vehicle were secretly clamped - NaturalNews.com
BOMBSHELL CONFIRMED: Broward County deputies were *ORDERED* to stand down… then all radio communications were cut off while the shooting continued - NaturalNews.com
Five things that just don’t add up about the Las Vegas mass shooting - NaturalNews.com
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE: Official story of Las Vegas shooting unravels; physical impossibility of lone gunman senior citizen makes narrative ludicrous - NaturalNews.com
Five MORE things that don’t add up about the Las Vegas massacre… Where is all the expended brass? - NaturalNews.com
Yellowstone reaches 878 earthquakes in just two weeks as scientists wonder when the volcano will blow - NaturalNews.com
Eco-friendly LED light bulbs found to cause increase in headaches - NaturalNews.com
Pharmaceutical industry panics; experts admit prescription drugs don’t work for dementia and they probably never will - NaturalNews.com
BREAKING: Law enforcement says Las Vegas shooter “did not act alone” … new details - NaturalNews.com
NYC government publishes app that helps more people easily collect food stamps … because self-reliance is considered BAD - NaturalNews.com
Bitcoin is digital fiat currency backed by nothing, warns Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com
Health Ranger posts fascinating video tour of the Agilent 7700x ICP-MS lab instrument from the Natural News Forensic Food Lab
SCIENCE FOR SALE: Shocking emails reveal editor of food science journal was secretly on Monsanto’s payroll at $400 per hour - NaturalNews.com
Experts blast growing trend of “coercive psychiatry” where people are pharmacologically imprisoned without evidence or trial - NaturalNews.com
Uncovered: Monsanto campaign to get Séralini study retracted - NaturalNews.com
The biotech industry has infiltrated and now controls nearly all GMO regulators - NaturalNews.com
5 mistakes most people make when they get diagnosed with CANCER - NaturalNews.com
The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement
“Inequality” DEBUNKED by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com
BREAKING: Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock was taking psychiatric medications that increase killing behavior by 45% - NaturalNews.com
Popular on Facebook
538
Dear Donald Trump: Blockade the lying mainstream media and recognize the independent media as America's real free press
51
Kellogg's found to have financial ties to the money man for cop-killing left-wing HATE groups: George Soros
Advertise with NaturalNews...
Advertise with NaturalNews...
Health News
Liberal media admits: The ultimate goal is gun confiscation from all citizens... at gunpoint! (Newstarget.com)
- 10 Hours Ago
Wars keep on killing: Gulf War illness causes DNA damage in vets, according to new research (Naturalnews.com)
- 10 Hours Ago
The health of your gut microbiome could predict your risk of heart disease, researchers find (Naturalnews.com)
- 10 Hours Ago
Improve circulation and productivity with a cold shower: Study finds it provides an energy boost similar to coffee, resulting in fewer days off work (Naturalnews.com)
- 10 Hours Ago
What's your risk-taking IQ? Research suggests how much risk we're willing to take is pre-wired (Naturalnews.com)
- 10 Hours Ago
Breastmilk: The gift that keeps on giving... Babies who were exclusively breastfed have less than half the risk of eczema as teenagers than those that were not (Naturalnews.com)
AlternativeNews.comThe independent news source for free-thinking people
GoodGopher.comSearch for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information.
Talk Radio without corporate collusionNow streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more
Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.NewsFind articles on today's most searched keywords & topics.
Uncensored Health VideosVisit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life
Vaccine NewsReal-time Independent Media news on Vaccines
GMO NewsReal-time Independent Media news on GMOs
NaturalNews.com
Natural News Toolbar
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
Contact Us/Feedback
Write for Natural News
Media Information
Advertise Information
Follow Us
Email Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
YouTube
Diaspora
RSS
This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2018 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors.
The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks,
registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Get alerted on heavy metals and pesticide test results for foods and supplements
Natural News is about to begin releasing lab test results for off-the-shelf food, supplement and pet food products, covering heavy metals, nutritive minerals, pesticides and herbicides. These details will be released exclusively to Natural News email newsletter subscribers (FREE) and will NOT be publicly posted on the website. To be alerted, join our free email newsletter now, and watch for lab test results in the weeks ahead.
Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook.
No thank you. Don't show this again.
Already have it and love it!
Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.