http://web.archive.org/web/20070704180717/http://www.qsent.com/company/pressreleases/wireless411privacyact
Qsent - September 21, 2004
success
fail
Jun
JUL
Aug
04
2006
2007
2011
29 captures
12 May 2006 - 31 May 2011
About this capture
COLLECTED BY
Organization: Alexa Crawls
Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.
Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
Collection: 42_crawl
this data is currently not publicly accessible.
TIMESTAMPS
Qsent - Contact Identity Solutions™ - Solutions
ServicesIndustriesCustomer CareCompany
Executive Team
Associations
Careers
News
Press Releases
Awards & Recognition
Contact Us
Qsent Selected As Sole Aggregator of Wireless 411Services in the U.S.
Washington D.C. – Sept. 21, 2004 – Qsent™, Inc., has been chosen as the sole aggregator for the proposed Wireless 411 Service by a working group comprised of executives of Alltel™, Cingular™, AT&T Wireless™, Nextel™, Sprint™ and T-Mobile™, which was facilitated by the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association–The Wireless Association (CTIA™). In this role, Qsent’s CEO Patrick M. Cox testified before the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee today, in regard to Senate Bill S. 1963, the “Wireless 411 Privacy Act,” as an expert on the security of the Wireless 411 Service and the technology that will power it. Cox articulated the measures Qsent is taking to offer choice-based, privacy-protected, wireless 411 information to customers through carriers’ respective Operating Service Centers (OSCs) that currently provide landline 411 directory assistance.
Qsent was selected as the nationwide, sole aggregator of the Wireless 411 Service data because of its proprietary technology for managing identity data, its public commitment to consumer choice and privacy, its independence from current landline DA providers and because it had the right business model and solution.
“Qsent recognizes the value and sensitivity of personally identifiable data and has the expertise to protect it,” said Steve Largent, president and CEO of CTIA–The Wireless Association™. “Their experience with managing real-time databases and key security controls, along with their commitment to serving the best interests of cellular customers, made them the clear choice for the sole data aggregator.”
Privacy and Security of the Wireless 411 Service Cox indicated that Qsent’s broad background in the telecommunications industry, its expertise as a manager of proprietary contact data and, more importantly, its public stance and policies on privacy issues make Qsent uniquely qualified as the provider of contact data for the Wireless 411 Service.
“Qsent will secure the Wireless 411 Service information with industry-standard and military-standard security protocols and architecture at all key points in our system,” said Cox. “We will be responsible for integrating data management technology for the Wireless 411 Service with each OSC and implementing the service nationwide on behalf of the six carriers and their customers.”
It’s All About Choice Cox testified that from the beginning, the Wireless 411 Service was designed to be entirely choice-based. To be included, consumers must request to be added to the repository. There is no cost for requesting to be included, or for choosing not to be included. Subscribers who do nothing will not be included.
This will benefit the approximately five million wireless customers who currently pay to have their numbers listed in conventional directories.
Ensuring Consumer Trust and Privacy-Protection
Cox’s testimony demonstrated that the service is based foremost on consumer choice and is designed to foster consumer trust by ensuring the protection of privacy. As the aggregator of the contact data, Cox confirmed that consumers’ identifiable information will not be published, printed or available on the Internet, and that the database repository will not be used for any purpose except Wireless 411--none of the data will be sold to telemarketers. These guarantees reinforce protections already in place to shield consumers from unwanted calls, including the Do Not Call protection available to wireless users and laws restricting telemarketing to wireless numbers.
Cox explained how the security of wireless 411 information will be provided by industry-leading technology and systems designed to protect consumer privacy and assure consumer trust. The system will not be a physical list, but a dynamic privacy-protected database that will be updated in real-time as customers request to be added, or removed should they change their mind. Also, he stated that the operator service centers performing the 411 service will not store or retain the wireless numbers queried.
Consumer Benefits Cox also spoke to the many benefits the service will provide to all consumers. Benefits such as immediacy of contacts, faster response during emergencies, a greater sense of personal safety, new business opportunities, better productivity and even greater social interactions.
“The service will enhance personal safety, making contacts like parents of schoolchildren more accessible in cases of a personal emergency,” Cox said. “The Wireless 411 Service is all about providing consumers the choice to participate and ensuring that their information is secure and private. With the fundamental consumer principles, wireless customers can trust Qsent will do the right thing.”
About Qsent Qsent builds trusted relationships by validating identity with precise contact information for high value business applications. Qsent customers are leading companies in wireless, telecommunications, financial services, government, shipping and logistics. Qsent is a privately-held corporation headquartered in Portland, Oregon.
For more information about Qsent, please visit the website at: www.qsent.com.
For more information about the Wireless 411 Service, please visit the Resource Center website at www.wireless411service.com.
™The Qsent name and logo are trademarks of Qsent, Inc.
™Alltel, Cingular, AT&T Wireless, Nextel, Sprint, T-Mobile and CTIA are trademarks of their respective organizations.
# # #
View all Press Releases
© 2007 TransUnion
Client Login
Home
Services
Industries
Customer Care
Company
503.372.7000
Contact Us
Privacy & Data Security