http://weddingsabroad.com/privacy/
WEDDINGSABROAD.COM Web Site Terms, Conditions & Notices:
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All contents of this Web site are: Copyright © 1999-2016 WeddingsAbroad.com and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved. WeddingsAbroad.com is a company registered in England
WeddingsAbroad.com, WeddingsAbroad and other names of WeddingsAbroad.com products and/or services referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of WeddingsAbroad.com. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
You can contact WeddingsAbroad.com by:
Email: info@weddingsabroad.com
Telephone: +44 (0) 191 251 2222 during normal office hours
WeddingsAbroad.com Site Terms and Conditions
IMPORTANT
By accessing this Site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions then you are not authorised to use or access this Site.
DEFINITIONS
“You” means the user of the Site, “we”, “us” and “our” means WeddingsAbroad.com Limited and all of its associated and subsidiary companies, “Site” means the site on the World Wide Web located at www.weddingsabroad.com and all other related domain names owned by WeddingsAbroad.com, and “Content” means the information and other material available within the Site.
RIGHTS GRANTED/RIGHTS RESERVED
The Content is for your personal use only and you may download the Content onto only one computer hard drive. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publish, commercially exploit or create derivative works from the Content.
AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE
You acknowledge that it is technically impossible to provide the Site free of faults and that we do not undertake to do so; that faults may lead to the temporary unavailability of the Site; and that the operation of the Site may be adversely affected by conditions and performances outside our control, including, without limitation, transmission and telecommunications links between us and you and between us and other systems and networks. We and/or our suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Site at any time.
NO WARRANTY
The Site and the Content is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and we make no warranties or representations, whether express or implied, in relation to the Site or the Content, including but not limited to implied warranties or conditions of completeness, accuracy, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose. You further acknowledge that some of the Content is supplied to us (directly and indirectly) by third parties and accordingly we can offer no warranty of whatever nature in relation to such Content.
LIABILITY
In no event (except for death and personal injury arising from our negligence) shall we be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from or in any way connected with the Site or your use of or reliance upon the Content or any information you obtain by means of the Site whether based on contract, tort, negligence, statutory duty or otherwise, even if we or any of our suppliers has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Your statutory rights in relation to any goods or services purchased through the Site are not affected.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites. You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for evaluating any goods or services offered by us or third parties via the Site and that we will not be a party to or in any way responsible for any transactions between you and third parties.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND USE OF SOFTWARE
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in the Content shall remain vested in our licensors or us.
Your use of any software that is made available to download from the Site or via any hyperlink contained on the Site (“Software”) is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“Licence Agreement”). You may not install, copy or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a Licence Agreement unless you first agree to the terms of such Licence Agreement.
PERSONAL INFORMATION POLICY
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). For example, if you wish to register for information from our Site, we ask you for your name and email address and a few other necessary details to enable us to assist in the planning of your wedding. We provide your Personal Information to necessary third parties from whom you purchase products or services through the Site and to the sponsors of any competitions on the Site in which you participate. We also use your Personal Information to operate the Site and to keep you up to date with new features of the Site.
We may, occasionally, use your Personal Information to inform you of new services, and products from us. We may also provide your Personal Information to carefully selected third parties. If you do not wish to receive such information from us or directly from other suppliers, you may inform us by indicating on the enquiry form page that you do not desire to obtain any promotional material, or notify us by email to help@weddingsabroad.com .
If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email to help@weddingsabroad.com , and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly. WeddingsAbroad.com is registered under the Data Protection Act.
PURCHASE OF GOODS OR SERVICES FROM THIRD PARTIES
We will use our reasonable endeavours to indicate whether goods or services which are advertised on the Site are being offered for sale by us or by a third party. Goods are offered by a third party (“Third Party Goods”) where:
(i) the Site contains a link to a third party site where you may choose to purchase any goods or services offered for sale on that site (whether or not such goods or services are advertised on the Site); or
(ii) you may make an enquiry with us regarding goods or services offered by any third party, we then pass that enquiry on to the relevant third party or you contact that third party yourself, and you may subsequently decide to purchase such goods or services.
Where you choose to purchase Third Party Goods, the contract governing such purchase shall be between you and the relevant third party and on the standard terms and conditions (if any) of such third party for the purchase of such goods or services.
You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for evaluating Third Party Goods. You acknowledge any bookings or purchases of Third Party Goods made by you through the Site shall be subject to terms and conditions of the third party supplying the goods and/or services concerned and that we will not be a party to or any way responsible for or liable to you in respect of any transactions between you and third parties.
We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give to any third party.
TERMS OF PURCHASE OF GOODS OR SERVICES FROM WEDDINGSABROAD.COM
All orders for goods (“Goods”) and on-line or offline pay-services (“Services”) (together “Products”) from a buyer (“you”) accepted by WeddingsAbroad.com (“we/us”) on or through the weddingsabroad.com web site (“Site”) or by other methods, which are not goods or services offered for sale by a third party are subject exclusively and strictly to the following terms and conditions (“Purchase Terms”) (which, in the event of a conflict, take priority over the terms and conditions of use of the Site):
COPYRIGHT
Please ensure that you own the rights to the pictures you submit for re-production and that you have obtained any relevant permission to use them in this way. Regrettably, we will be unable to re-produce photographs for which you have not obtained the relevant consents. You agree and undertake with WeddingsAbroad.com that you are the owner of the copyright in, or have authority to use, any material that you send to us for reproduction.
LIABILITY
Nothing in these Purchase Terms shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
Our liability in contract, tort, negligence, pre-contract or other representations or otherwise arising out of or in connection with these Purchase Terms or the performance or observance of our obligations under these Purchase Terms, and every applicable part of it shall be limited in aggregate to all sums paid by you to us.
In any event, we shall not be liable to you under, or in connection with these Purchase Terms in contract, tort, negligence, pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent representations) or otherwise for any loss of business, contracts, profits or anticipated savings or for any indirect or consequential economic loss whatsoever.
Each provision of this Clause 6 excluding or limiting liability shall be construed separately, applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of these provisions is held inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances and shall remain in force notwithstanding the expiry or termination of our agreement.
DATA PROTECTION
Our Personal Information Policy applies.
GENERAL
· These Purchase Terms shall be governed by the laws of England and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
· Each of the Clauses of these Purchase Terms shall be construed separately and independently of each other and the invalidity of any one part shall not affect the validity of any other part.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time. By continuing to use the Site following any such change you will be deemed to have accepted such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether these terms and conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any such change you must immediately stop using the Site.
GENERAL
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Each provision of these terms and conditions excluding or limiting liability shall be construed separately, applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision
Please contact us with any questions relating to the aforementioned info@weddingsabroad.com
Leave a Reply Cancel ReplyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *You may use these HTML tags and attributes:<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Browse our blog…Browse our blog…
Select Category
Adventurous Honeymoons
Advice
Algarve
Algarve
Austin
Australia
Australia
Avery Ranch
Bali
Bangkok
Barbados
Beach Wedding
Boho Weddings
Bonaire
Bora Bora
Bridal Beauty
Bridal Footwear
Bridalwear
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Canary Islands
Cave Weddings
Cayman Islands
Celebrity Weddings
Competitions
Contributed Post
Costa Rica
Croatia
Croatia
Cruise Weddings
Cuba
Cuba
Dubai
Dubai
Estonia
Fiji
Finland
Florence
France
France
Garden Wedding
Glamping Weddings
Goa
Gozo
Greece
Guest Blogger
Hayman Island
Hen Parties
Honeymoons
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Iceland
India
Indian Weddings
Indonesia
Interfaith Weddings
International Wedding Planner
Ireland
Italy
Italy
Jewellery
Koh Samui
Lanzarote
Las Vegas
Las Vegas
Latvia
Legal Requirements
Lithuania
London
London
Macau
Malaysia
Maldives
Maldives
Malta
Mauritius
Mauritius
Media & Journalist Requests
Mexico
Montréal
Morocco
Morocco
Mountain Weddings
New York
New Zealand
New Zealand
Outdoor Weddings
Paris
Photography
Poland
Portugal
Portugal
Real Weddings Abroad
Slovenia
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka
St Moritz
Stag Parties
Texas
Thai Wedding Ceremony
Thailand
Thailand
The Finger Lakes
Top Tips
Travel Advice
Travel Blogger
Travel Destinations
UK
Underwater Wedding
Unusual Weddings
USA
Venice
Venice
Wedding Attire
Wedding Cakes
Wedding Catering
Wedding Celebrants
Wedding Customs
Wedding Decor
Wedding Destinations
Wedding Entertainment
Wedding Make-Up
Wedding Professionals
Wedding Proposals
Wedding Shows
Weddings Abroad Blog
Yogyakarta