https://weddingstas.com.au/privacy-policy
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
USERS
The Weddings Tasmania Application may store the following information belonging to its users:
• Name, email address and phone number;
• Email correspondence with advertisers;
• Notes taken from within the application; and
• Images which are stored on and/or uploaded to the application.
ADVERTISERS
Weddings Tasmania collects advertiser information in order to have advertisements displayed within the application, as well as relevant billing information.
This information may include, but is not limited to:
• All information which is to be displayed publically within the application;
• Legal trading name, registration numbers and address of your business;
• Contact information for your business and/or relevant staff members or departments; and
• Credit card information for billing purposes.
Weddings Tasmania also collects user logs containing IP addresses, authentication and de-authentication records, debugging information and user account details in order to create a better experience for its users.
This information may be shared with our authorised contractors who assist with the development of this application. Any such sharing of information will be strictly confidential and protected by legal agreements.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Any personal information collected by Weddings Tasmania will either be used for billing or analytical purposes, or will be stored securely on servers where the information is not available for Weddings Tasmania to view. Some of this information may be shared with our authorised contractors to provide support to users. Any such information will be bound by strict confidentiality agreements, which will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
LOGS AND DEBUGGING INFORMATION
Weddings Tasmania and/or its authorised contractors may use the user logs, as detailed in “Information we Collect” for debugging purposes, to improve the application’s user experience and to provide insight into how users interact with the application.
Further to this, some of this data will be used for analytical purposes and some shared with advertisers to show how effective their advertisements are. No personal information will be shared with advertisers.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
All data is stored with a trusted third party hosting provider, who has controls in place to prevent unauthorised access to your information and a comprehensive data breach response plan which will be enacted in an event where any personal information is discovered to have been compromised.
AUTHORISED CONTRACTORS
Any and all authorised contractors are and will be bound by strict confidentially agreements that will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
DATA BREACHES
In the case where personal information has been compromised, our third party provider will conduct a thorough investigation and notify the affected parties in a timely manner, and if deemed appropriate by management, law enforcement and/or the OAIC. Notifications will be made personally by phone or by Email depending on the nature and/or severity of the breach.
DATA CENTRES
All of the information you store with Weddings Tasmania, and all personal information you provide to us, including logs, is stored in a secure, Singapore-based data centre. This is with the exception of data stored by Google, Inc, as outlined below.
The file system on which your data is stored is encrypted to prevent unauthorised access, and our third party provider performs regular penetration testing on its infrastructure to ensure the system is secure as possible.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
All users will be notified of any changes to this policy 14 days before any changes come into effect, and as the changes come into effect. This notification will be provided via Email.
GOOGLE MAPS API
Weddings Tasmania employs Google’s Maps API for its location search functionality. By using this application you are automatically bound by Google’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS SERVICES
The Weddings Tasmania Application uses Google’s Analytics services to track user behavior and supplier conversions throughout the application. This data is stored by and these services are provided by Google, Inc. You can see how Google uses your data by clicking here.
Promote your business with weddings tasmania
Your first month is free
start free trial
For Couples
Search for Suppliers
FREE Magazine Planner
Budget Sheet Download
Guest List Planner Download
Advice and Articles
Real Weddings
Submit your wedding
Wedding Expo
For Businesses
Advertise with Us
Manage Listings
Invoices
Subscriptions
Account/Billing Info
Design Specifications
Weddings Tasmania
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
FREE Magazine Planner
Download Now
person
Sign in
person
Create an account
Anti-spam
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Or connect with
Sign in with Google
Login with Facebook
Already Registered?
Cart
We hope you like our shiny new website! Please bear with us while we work through any bugs. You can report bugs by contacting us.