https://well-spring.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information:
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your age, gender and interests; how you came to the website (e.g., search engine, third-party website, media campaign or email); and the pages and features of the website you use.
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address or telephone number (“personal information”).
About your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and your location.
We collect this information:
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include IP addresses and information collected through cookies, Web beacons and other tracking technologies (see: “Usage Details, IP Addresses and Cookies and Other Technologies”).
Directly from you when you provide it to us (see: “Information You Provide to Us”).
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Usage Details, IP Addresses, and Cookies and Other Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual. It helps us improve our website and deliver better and more personalized future services by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Analyze and develop the Community’s sales and marketing strategy, determine how visitors find the Community and its website, the user’s interest regarding the Community’s services, and how to improve the Community’s website.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our website.
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide to us. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). Cookies are a technology of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
Web Beacons. Pages of our website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count specific visitors who have visited certain pages or opened and clicked an e-mail. The information we collect from these beacons is sent to our marketing automation and email marketing service called Act-On (www.act-on.com).
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our website may include:
Your search queries on the Site.
How We Use Your Information
The Community and/or its agents use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our website and its contents to you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our website.
We never sell your personal information.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
This website uses Google Analytics to track website activity and visitor behavior. If you want to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, you may use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Google Analytics also collects data about visits to the website via the DoubleClick cookie and Floodlight tags. This information is being used to provide demographic and interest data about visitors to the website and to target online display advertisements on third-party websites. Using Google’s Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Testimonials
"What I like most about Well-Spring is the friendly atmosphere we live in. It is the best 'close-knit' community you could ever dream of finding. If I had known how much fun it was living at Well-Spring, I would have moved sooner."
- Margaret Willard
“When people say, ‘How do you like Well-Spring?,’ I reply, ‘I don’t — I love it!”
- Tom Wright
“Well-Spring is not just a retirement facility — it is home. It is a place to be content, be happy and live a wonderful life. The residents and staff are friends, not just people you meet daily. My wife and I are extremely fortunate to have chosen Well-Spring — it is more than anyone could ask for.”
- Len Jewson
“At Well-Spring, my social life, exercise programs and being active in Residents’ Council keeps my mind, body and soul active in a wonderfully friendly and fun lifestyle. I love it!”
- Marvin Pinson
“We moved to Well-Spring, primarily for two reasons: We did it for our seven daughters —
we felt it was the nicest gift that we could give them; and we wanted to make our own decisions for our old age.”
- Phil and Joe Gelzer
“We really love the activities and friendships at Well-Spring — the dinners, the music, the evening trips, the lectures and discussions, the invigorating walks with our dog. We love to encourage new friends to come while they can fully enjoy all this!”
- Bill and Bev Rogers
At Well-Spring, we strive to make you truly feel at home. Learn More
Request More Information
Learn More
Learn more about our other services
A Lively, Active Life Plan Community
Continue to live independently & vibrantly while still receiving care & security.
THE MEMORY CARE CENTER & CONNECTIONS
Enhancing your quality of life every day
Offering respite, adult day services, education & support to older adults with a dementia diagnosis & their families.
All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly
Providing community-based medical care and support including adult day health, therapy, transportation, home care and prescriptions.
Exceptional Assistance for Independent Living
Our caregivers help with meals, transportation, exercise, therapy & more.