http://wendyhaynes.com/privacysecurity
helpsubscribesearchaboutcontact
Shopping cart is empty.
HomeShopDIY Wedding IdeasBlogGetting Married FAQOther CeremoniesCelebrant OPD
wendy haynes
celebrant, speaker, and author
mindfulness and nonviolent communication facilitator
I
have been passionate about celebrancy since I was appointed in 1995. I celebrated my 25th anniversary of appointment in March 2020.
It's been an inspiring and rewarding journey working side by side with many couples and families creating personal, unique and heartwarming
ceremonies that have touched not only the couple but everyone present.
Even though we need to 'stay at home' and cannot hug and kiss our dearest friends and family we can come together online, with a quality
of deep presence, attention and care to honour the 'touchpoints' in our lives.
It's a time for deep listening, stepping into the new to affirm our connection, and hold close our vulnerability and courage.
We can do this together!
INSPIRING FUNERAL AND MEMORIAL CEREMONIES
NOW AVAILABLE AS AN EBOOK
more about Wendy
I acknowledge the traditional owners and custodians of the lands on which I live, work and play, Gumbayngiirr Country in northern NSW.
I pay my respect to Indigenous Elders past, present and emerging.
Privacy and Security
Wendyhaynes.com is a website owned and operated by Wendy Haynes.
Wendy's postal address is:
PO Box 688, Coffs Harbour, NSW 2450, Australia
Wendy can be reached via e-mail or by telephone at +61 (0)2 6652 1427.
Wendy Haynes is committed to your personal security and privacy.
The information we collect from our visitors is used to improve the content of our Web pages and to notify consumers about updates to our Web site. We do not make email addresses available to other organizations for commercial purposes. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. You have the option to subscribe to receive our marketing newsletter sent via email, and you always have the option to opt-out of receiving our marketing emails.
Ordering from our site is as secure as ordering via a catalog or using your credit card at your favorite restaurant. The media has played a large role in accelerating the myth that online shopping subverts your personal information any more than shopping anywhere else. If you shop from trusted merchants with an established brand, your online experience should be worry free.
At wendyhaynes.com we use SSL (Secure Socket Layering) 128 bit encryption to protect your information as it travels over the internet. We also hold a secure key, or digital certificate. This key ensures that we are who we say we are and that any data exchanged online is protected from theft and tampering. We also have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
follow me
facebook
wedding blog
for celebrants
INSPIRING FUNERAL AND MEMORIAL CEREMONIES
NOW AVAILABLE AS AN EBOOK
go to Celebrant Articles
go to Wendy's Shop
Investment and contributions
During this time of great change, and social distancing there are many challenges that arise within us, personally and globally. Our
opportunity to connect is vital especially in times of loss and grief and also in times of celebration. If you are in need of a
celebrant yet are unable to meet this cost then please feel free to email to discuss your ceremony and my availability.
If you would like to invest in projects and ceremonies that are dedicated to creating connection, compassion, care and presence, please
contribute below.
Your contribution will support families unable to afford the cost of a celebrant, the actors (for the ceremony role play), IT Support,
technical staff and administration staff who are part of my dedicated team. Thank you.
© Copyright 2020 Wendy Haynes. All Rights Reserved. | Terms | Privacy & Security | Sitemap