https://weraise.org/privacy-policy/
Security And Privacy Policy
Security and Privacy Policy
We Raise Foundation values our relationship with you and works to make every experience with our organization enjoyable, efficient, relevant, and secure. In all We Raise Foundation communications, whether in person, in print, or online we continually prioritize your interests, as well as your personal security and privacy. Below is an overview of how we collect and use information to best serve you and advance our mission.
Please note: Clicking links that leave the We Raise Foundation website makes the user subject to that website’s security and privacy policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED DURING YOUR VISIT
When you are making a donation, registering for an event or webinar, applying for a grant, or subscribing to our online newsletter, We Raise Foundation asks you for personal contact information including your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. We may use this contact information to provide you with a receipt or financial report; to contact you to clarify or obtain additional information about the registration or donation you made; or, to send you additional information about We Raise Foundation.
If you make a donation, we may contact you on occasion with an opportunity to make another gift, or to inform you of updates relevant to your gift. You may also receive a personal call from a We Raise Foundation staff member or volunteer thanking you for your donation. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out of future communications from us. To do so, email our Donor Services team at donorservices@weraise.org or call our office at 800.762.6748.
In some instances, we ask for contact information for people other than yourself including, for example, email addresses of friends to whom you send e-cards or a copy of one of our web pages, or the mailing address of someone you wish us to notify of a donation you have made.
The information we collect is used to send the donation notification or information you requested and/or to inform the recipient of the opportunity to subscribe to receive We Raise Foundation updates, wish stories and opportunities to get involved. Such contact information is not shared with any other organizations nor is it added to any mailing list without the recipient’s explicit consent.
SECURITY
We Raise Foundation utilizes third party sites and services so we can provide our users with a secure experience, especially when providing personal information.
Donation and registration forms are securely hosted on Formstack and Classy.
Payments are processed through Authorize.net and WePay.
Direct mail services are processed and completed through Meyer Partners.
All online transactions, secured through Classy.org, use an encrypted channel, take place on secure servers and occur in real time. No financial data, such as your credit card number, is transferred via a less-secure channel, such as encrypted email, for processing. Moreover, once your transaction has been completed, your credit card number is not retained by We Raise Foundation.
INFORMATION SHARING
From time to time, We Raise Foundation rents or exchanges its list of direct mail supporters with other trusted organizations to benefit our programs and activities. We have found this to be a cost-effective method of reaching additional potential constituents and hope you value the information they send you. Your name is only made available to these carefully screened organizations through third-party mailing agents for a limited use. Such organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing. You have the opportunity to have your name removed from a list rental or exchange by contacting our Advancement Services team:
By Mail:
We Raise Foundation
One Pierce Place, Suite 250E
Itasca, IL 60143
By Email: donorservices@weraise.org
By Phone: 800.762.6748
Personal contact information may also be shared with certain vendors (i.e., reputable companies we use for services such as providing We Raise Foundation resources or sending We Raise Foundation mail). We have confidentiality agreements in place with all such companies to protect your privacy. Credit card donations and registrations made on our website are processed by a third party financial institution. They receive your personal information and credit card information only to process your donation in a secure environment.
Please contact us by email at donorservices@weraise.org or by telephone at 800.762.6748 to request a correction of your information, to request your name be taken off our mailing list or if you no longer wish to receive communication from us via email.
Some areas of our site feature comments sections. Please be aware that any information posted to a message board becomes public information that may be used by outside parties. It is within your best interest to exercise caution when posting information to a message board.
Website Data
We Raise Foundation does not collect any personally identifying information from you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide such information to us. You can browse the We Raise Foundation website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.  We use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data, as well as similar services, to better understand the behavior of our audience and work with companies that collect information about your online activities, none of which personally or directly identifies you, to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. The information we gather during normal browsing comes from two sources: (1) standard server logs collect information such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address, domain name, browser type, operating system and information like the site that referred you to us, the files you downloaded, the pages you visited and the dates/times of those visits; and (2) if you have come into the website from one of one of our newsletters or from a site that has requested a link, we will ask your browser to accept a “cookie” (defined below) that carries a general marketing source code with you as you browse through the website, in order to help us match referring sites to donations made. This cookie does not capture or hold any personally identifying information about you, and is deleted when you end your session by leaving our website or closing your browser.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we might store some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” (i.e., a small piece of data that stores information on your browser in your computer’s hard drive) or similar file. We use conversion tracking cookies as part of campaigns in order to analyze trends, gather broad demographic information and monitor website traffic patterns that can help us further develop and improve the design and functionality of our site. Similarly, we also use cookies for “retargeting” in our Internet advertising campaigns so that third party vendors, including Google, can show you advertising about We Raise Foundation as you browse the Internet. Retargeting is a marketing tool that identifies you as a previous visitor to the We Raise Foundation website and targets you for specific outreach messages, encouraging you to revisit our website or consider donating. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests by visiting Google’s page to edit or opt-out your Google Display Network ads preferences here.
How to view or change your information
If you do not wish to participate in our list rental or exchange activities, or you wish to modify the frequency of future communications from WeRaise Foundation, please write to us at our headquarters or email address below.
Also, with the exception of credit card numbers, which are not retained, you can view and request changes to all the information you have given us, including any We Raise Foundation mailing lists you may be on, by contacting us.
By Mail:
We Raise Foundation
One Pierce Place, Suite 250E
Itasca, IL 60143
By Email: donorservices@weraise.org
By Phone: 800.762.6748
User Agreement And Terms
By viewing and/or using this website, you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions explained below.
General.  This World Wide Web site with its home page in the domains “weraise.org” (the “website”) is a complimentary information service offered by the We Raise Foundation (“We Raise”) at no charge to you as a user of the World Wide Web, with the express condition that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this User Agreement. We Raise Foundation reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions any time, and you must consult the most recent version of this User Agreement and Terms and Conditions (not an older cached version) each time you view the website. Do not use the website if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
Intellectual Property/Hyperlinks.  You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth under the Service Marks, Copyright and Hyperlinks sections of this User Agreement and Terms and Conditions.
Representations and Warranties.  You acknowledge that the information on the website is provided “as is” for general information only. We Raise Foundation makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding this website, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty that these pages, or the server that makes them available, are free of viruses or other harmful elements, and all such warranties are expressly disclaimed.
Indemnification.  You agree that you will hold harmless We Raise Foundation and its officers, directors and employees from all claims arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, this website or the information contained in this website or other websites to which it is linked, including but not limited to claims that you have found something you have heard, viewed or downloaded from this website or another website to which it is linked to be obscene, offensive, defamatory, or infringing upon your intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of a third party. In no event will We Raise Foundation or the contributors of information to this website be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Opinions/Recommendations.  You acknowledge that opinions and recommendations contained in this website are not necessarily those of We Raise Foundation or endorsed by We Raise Foundation. Additionally, perspectives and opinions of our program partners, are also not necessarily endorsed by or a reflection of the beliefs of We Raise Foundation.
Linked Sites/Third-Party Content.  These Terms and Conditions apply only to this website.  We Raise Foundation may provide links on the website to other websites which are not under the control of We Raise Foundation. These links are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by We Raise Foundation of the organization or individual operating the website or a warranty of any type regarding the website or the information on the website.  Under no circumstances will We Raise Foundation be held liable, directly or indirectly, or any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, reliance on, or any content, goods or services available on any other website to which this website links.  You should direct any concerns to that website’s administrator.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This website (excluding linked sites) is controlled and operated by We Raise Foundation, which is headquartered in the State of Illinois, United States of America. It can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as United States territories and other countries around the world. By accessing this website you agree that any action at law or equity arising or in any way relating to this website, shall be filed only under the statutes and laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. You also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of the State of Illinois in and for DuPage County, and the United States District Court for Illinois with respect to such matters. We Raise Foundation makes no representation that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so of their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Service Marks
All uses of We Raise Foundation federally registered and common law trademarks, service marks and trade names, must be approved in writing by We Raise Foundation. Inquiries may be directed to info@weraise.org.
Copyright
The works of authorship contained in this website, including but not limited to all design, text and images (the “Materials”), are owned or licensed by We Raise Foundation and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored by subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without our prior written consent. Unless permitted otherwise in writing, you may only access the Materials located within the website for your personal use. This means you may download copies of Materials for personal, noncommercial use only, so long as you neither change nor delete any author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice. When you download Materials, you do not obtain any ownership rights to the Materials.
Hypertext Links
You may provide a hypertext link to the We Raise Foundation website on another website, provided that:
(a) the link must be an active, text-only link or approved banner or artwork provided by We Raise Foundation (you may NOT use our logo without prior written approval) clearly marked “We Raise Foundation”;
(b) the link, when activated by a user, must display this website full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linked website;
(c) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to disparage the We Raise Foundation or its services, damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the We Raise Foundation name and service marks, or to create the false appearance that an entity other than We Raise Foundation is associated with, benefitting, or sponsored by We Raise Foundation;
(d) the link may not be associated with the sale of any products or services, or the promotion of any lottery, raffle, sweepstakes or other games of chance benefiting We Raise Foundation;
(e) the link will not appear on pages including content which We Raise Foundation, in its sole discretion, finds to be objectionable, or which includes obscene, pornographic, violent, intolerant, tasteless, denigrating or sexually-oriented content or materials; and
(f) We Raise Foundation reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion by amending these Terms and Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for keeping up with any such changes.
All other hypertext links to this website must be approved in writing by We Raise Foundation. Inquiries may be directed to info@weraise.org
Use of a hypertext link does not indicate or create any endorsement, approval, sponsorship or affiliation of or with your website by We Raise Foundation. This permission to link is provided without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title of non-infringement.
We Raise Foundation reserves the right to take action against any use of its federally registered service marks, trademarks and trade names, or any links to its website that do not conform to the conditions herein, or that infringe any intellectual property or other rights of We Raise Foundation.
Thank You
Thank you for taking the time to review our Privacy Policy and User Agreement and Terms and Conditions. We Raise Foundation is committed to your online privacy and safety. Any changes made to this privacy and security policy will be posted on the We Raise Foundation website.
[Privacy and Security Policy last updated: May 2019]
If you have any questions about these policies, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at your convenience.
By Mail:
We Raise Foundation
One Pierce Place, Suite 250E
Itasca, IL 60143
By Email: donorservices@weraise.org
By Phone: 800.762.6748
We appreciate your support of We Raise Foundation. If you prefer to make a gift to We Raise Foundation via mail, you may send your donation to the following address:
We Raise Foundation
One Pierce Place, Suite 250E
Itasca, IL 60143
SIGN UP RECEIVE OUR EMAILS
SIGN UP
Contact Us
ONE PIERCE PLACE, SUITE 250E
ITASCA, IL 60143
TOLL FREE 800.762.6748
FAX 630.766.9622
Careers
Follow us
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
© We Raise Foundation 2019. All rights reserved. We Raise Foundation is a tax exempt not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization (EIN: 84-0404924).
Privacy Policy Terms of Use
By continuing to browse our website, you agree to our use of cookies on this site and partner sites related to We Raise Foundation and our Terms of Use. I AgreePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.