https://wesleyan.org.au/complaint-handling-policy/
Skip to content
Complaint Handling Policy
Complaint Handling PolicyJared2019-05-08T07:21:42+10:00
Complaint Handling Policy
Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australia
The Wesleyan Methodist Church’s complaint handling policy and procedure is informed by the Standard Guidelines AS/NZS 10002:2014.
Complaints are defined as “expressions of dissatisfaction made to or about an organisation related to its products, services, staff or the handling of a complaint, where a response or resolution is explicitly or implicitly expected or legally required.”
The objective and purpose of this policy is to maintain our focus as a Christian principled organisation that loves and serves individuals in our community.  Our commitment is to the people who participate in our programs and to their safety, welfare and spiritual growth.
Our complaint policy includes:
a. making a complaint
b. responding to a complaint
c. investigating a complaint
d. providing support and assistance
e. achieving systemic improvements following a complaint.
Scope of this policy
This policy applies to
All ministries and activities of the Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australia in all States and Territories
Any organisations or services that are managed by a Board or Committee of the Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australia
Each level of the denominational structure – Local Church, District and National Church
All people who lead, participate or are impacted by our ministries
This policy applies in addition to a complaint policy of a Denominational Service – at National, District or the Local Church.  If an inconsistency occurs between this policy and any other body within the Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australia, this policy prevails.
Making a complaint
The Wesleyan Methodist Church values complaints as an opportunity for development and improvement.
The appropriate person to receive the complaint needs to confirm that the person is making a complaint rather than giving negative feedback or advice.
A complaint and supporting documentation must be recorded. Details included are:
the date the complaint is made
the contact information for the complainant
the issues being raised
the outcome that the person seeks
relevant information provided
any support that the complainant needs
Responding
The Wesleyan Methodist Church is committed to handling the complaint in an efficient and effective manner.  There will always be a considered and respectful response.
An acknowledgement of the receipt of the complaint will be made by:
email, or
letter
Investigating a complaint
The Wesleyan Methodist Church is committed to the effective handling of complaints.
An initial assessment will be made to determine whether the issue is:
in our control
multifaceted and needs to be addressed as several separate issues
serious, complicated or urgent
a health and safety concern
affecting the complainant
time sensitive
dependent upon other organisations to achieve resolution
A consideration of which is the best management response includes:
providing information or an explanation to the complainant
gathering additional information
investigating claims
determining whether the complaint requires a statutory response
Providing support and assistance
The Wesleyan Methodist Church accepts the right of a person to complain.
In communicating with the complainant, applicable privacy obligations under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 regarding any adverse findings against a particular person will be respected.
The complainant will be supported and assisted by:
keeping them up to date especially if there is a delay
communicating the outcome and any action taken by the appropriate medium
providing the reason for the decision
explaining the remedy or resolution that is planned or implemented
advising of appeal options
Achieving systemic improvements following a complaint
The Wesleyan Methodist Church is committed to continuous improvement and a service focus.
We will keep records about:
how the complaint was managed
the resolution – closed or complainant’s degree of satisfaction
the outcomes – aspects substantiated, recommendations for future processes, changes implemented, outstanding aspects to be addressed
The outcome will be communicated to the appropriate internal people/groups which may include:
National or District leaders
The National or District Boards
a pastor
staff members
the Local Board of Administration / Local Advisory Council
A serious allegation against a person within the Wesleyan Methodist Church that does not require a Statutory response should follow the Church Discipline Process as defined in the Handbook and supported by 13.6 Judicial Review in the “Policies and Procedures for the Local Church” document.
National Office:
519 Mt Petrie Road
Mackenzie Qld 4156
07 3211 0066
District Offices:
QLD: 07 3211 0066
NSW: 02 8488 6222
VIC: 03 8609 6444
WA: 08 9468 4333
©
| The Wesleyan Methodist Church of Australia | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Complaint Handling Policy
Go to Top