https://westernciv.com/about-the-institute/privacy/
Privacy
The Institute for the Study of Western Civilization strives to keep your information confidential. Please take a moment to read our privacy policy and learn how we handle your personal information.
The Institute for the Study of Western Civilization does not rent, trade, or sell your personal information without your express consent.
How We Collect Information
The Institute collects information in the following ways:
Emailing us: if you email us, we will collect your email address.
Enrolling for courses and lectures: if you enroll in a course, we will collect course registration information. This includes a billing address and possibly a credit card number if that is your preferred method of payment. (Credit card numbers are shredded after use.)
Web statistics: We track certain broad characteristics of our web visitors and their usage of this site. We cannot tie this information to individual visitors, and the information is used only for broad statistical purposes. This site does not use “cookies” or “web bugs” to track individual visitors.
What We Do With Your Information
The Institute only uses the information you send us for narrow, limited purposes. Under no circumstances does the Institute use your information to send unsolicited communications.
If you email us with a question or comment, we will use your email address to reply to you.
If you sign up for our newsletter, we will use your address to send it to you. If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, simply inform us and we will remove your name from the list.
If you enroll in a course, you will receive notification emails before and during that class.
If you enroll in a lecture or course, we will use your provided information to contact you and bill you about that lecture or course.
If you expressly elect to share your information with our partners, we will do so unless you inform us in writing otherwise.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
The Institute for the Study of Western Civilization seeks to improve our collective understanding of how we in the twenty-first century came to be who we are; why we think the way we do; what assumptions about the world and human nature are traceable back to earlier periods in the five-thousand year story of Western Civilization.
About the Institute
Join and Support
Contact Us
Newsletters
Location and Directions
Photo Album
Professor William Fredlund
Lecturers
Board of Directors
Norm Whiteley
Institute Staff
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy