https://westernciv.com/about-the-institute/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
The Content
The Institute provides access to its websites, lectures, classes, and content (“Content”) under these terms and conditions. The Content is proprietary to the Institute and is protected by copyright, intellectual property laws, and international intellectual property treaties. Your access to the Content is licensed and not sold. The Institute reserves the right to revoke, by written notice, the license to use the Content.
Security
You are solely responsible for the security, confidentiality and integrity of all messages and the information that you receive, transmit through or store with the Institute’s servers. You are solely responsible for any authorized or unauthorized access to your account by any person. You agree to bear all responsibility for the confidentiality of your password and all use or charges incurred from use of your Institute account with your password.
Limitations of Liability
The Content is provided on an “as is” basis with no warranty of any kind, express or implied. You expressly agree that the use of the Content is at your sole risk. The Institute does not warrant that the Content will be error free. Under no circumstances will the Institute be liable to you or any other person for indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the Content.
Amendment
The Institute has the right, at any time and without notice, to add to or modify these terms and conditions, simply by posting such amended terms herein. Your access, link to, or use of the Content after the date of the amended terms constitutes acceptance of the amended terms.
The Institute for the Study of Western Civilization seeks to improve our collective understanding of how we in the twenty-first century came to be who we are; why we think the way we do; what assumptions about the world and human nature are traceable back to earlier periods in the five-thousand year story of Western Civilization.
About the Institute
Join and Support
Contact Us
Newsletters
Location and Directions
Photo Album
Professor William Fredlund
Lecturers
Board of Directors
Norm Whiteley
Institute Staff
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy