https://wetip.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of WeTipTo Our Anonymous Tip InformantsYOUR ANONYMITY is of the utmost importance to us at WeTip. NO ONE EVER KNOWS WHO GAVE A TIP.  Anonymity means your identity is safe because you are never asked anything about yourself. WeTip has NO taping or tracing or caller ID.  WeTip has no Call Logs and there is no way that anyone will ever know that you made the call.To Our WeTip Members/Partners and ClientsYour privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. A recent law change requires us (along with banks, brokerage houses, and other financial institutions) to disclose our Privacy Policy to you – which we are more than happy to do. We hope that by taking a few minutes to read it, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure.A. Types of Information We Collect From Members (never informants)We collect certain personal information about you or your company – but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to better serve the specific needs of your company, organization, community or district.Examples of sources from which we collect information include:interviews and phone calls with you,letters or e-mails from you,Webinars and conferencesB. Parties to Whom We Disclose InformationAs a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our members/vendors/clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board of organization.To provide information to affiliates of the WeTip Organization and non-affiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include using an outside service bureau to process tax returns or engaging a records-retention agency to store prior year records.)C.  Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Personal InformationExcept as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of out firm, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate.  We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction. We value your business and are committed to protecting you privacy. We hope you view the WeTip Organization as your most trusted advisor and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.Best regards,Susan AguilarChief Executive OfficerWeTip Inc.Tips Per ArrestWeTip averages an arrest for every 33 tips received.Drug Worth Per ArrestFor every arrest made, an average of $20,883 worth of drugs have been seized.Property Value Per ArrestAn average of $1,078 worth of stolen property is recovered.Arrests Per ConvictionFor every 1.9 arrests made, a criminal has been convicted in a court of law.
PO Box 1296
Rancho Cucamonga
CA, 91730
Business Phone 909 987 5005Submit A TipAbout WeTipWeTip ServicesWeTip NewsGet A QuoteDonateWeTip RewardsPowered by
WeTip, Inc.®