http://whisperingwinds.info/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Lifestyle
Dining
Fitness Program
Social Activities
Amenities
Floor Plan
Contact Us
Our Service Team
Request a Brochure
Privacy Policy
Whispering Winds recognizes the sensitive nature of your personal and business information. This privacy statement relates solely to the online information collection and use practices of our website located at http://www.whisperingwinds.info and not to any sub-domains of this website or any other websites. Your use of this website indicates to us that you have read and accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this privacy statement. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact: info@whisperingwinds.info.
Whispering Winds may amend the privacy policy at any time by posting the amended policy on this website. Your use of this website following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the privacy policy as modified.
Information Collected
When you visit our website, you may provide us with two types of information: 1) personally identifiable information that you knowingly choose to disclose, which is collected on an individual basis, and 2) general user information that does not contain personally identifiable information, which is collected on an aggregate basis as your browse the website.
Whispering Winds may ask for certain personal information from you for the purpose of providing to you content and/or services that you request. For example, if you indicate an interest in receiving newsletters or other communications about Whispering Winds, you are asked to submit your email address, which will be retained on file so that we may send you the information you requested. We also request your name and email address each time you contact us. We may retain a record of users who have contacted us in order to respond properly to questions or concerns and for purposes of future communications.
Similar to other commercial websites, our website may utilize standard technology called “cookies” and web server logs to collect information about how the Whispering Winds website is used. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent on our website and the websites visited just before or after our website. The information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus on your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. You should consult with your browser’s provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
Use of Information
We use your personally identifiable information when submitted to us, to provide you with the information or content that you have requested and, in some cases, to contact you about Whispering Winds programs, products, features or services. If you no longer wish to receive any type of information from us, you may send us an email at info@whisperingwinds.info.
Whispering Winds uses non-identifying information collected on this website in the aggregate to better understand your use of the website and to enhance your experience. For example, we may use the information to improve the design and content of our website.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Whispering Winds’ employees, agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
We may provide access to your personally identifiable information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights, or to protect the rights and safety of visitors to this website or the public. In those instances, the information is provided only for that limited purpose.
We will not share your personally identifiable information in ways unrelated to those described above without providing you with an opportunity to opt out of such use or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Whispering Winds will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information.
Modifying Information
If you visit this website and volunteer personally identifiable information, you may modify, update or delete such information by sending us an email at info@whisperingwinds.info. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. In addition, please be aware that your ability to opt out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of this website.
Protections for Children
Protecting children’s privacy is important to Whispering Winds. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information on our website from those we actually know are under the age of 13, nor is any part of this website designed to attract anyone under 13. We request that all visitors to our website who are under 13 not disclose or provide any personally identifiable information. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our records.
Data Security
Whispering Winds takes reasonable steps to maintain the security of the personally identifiable information that we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as installing electronic security systems that guard against unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk.
Consent to Transfer
This website is operated in the United States If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to the United States will be transferred to the United States. By using this website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Links
This website may contains links to third-party sites as well as other sites owned and/or operated by Whispering Winds. Please be aware that Whispering Winds is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-party sites. Please also be aware that the privacy policies of other Whispering Winds sites may differ significantly from the privacy policy of this website. Therefore, we encourage our users to read the privacy statement of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Privacy Notice for Ad Tech Cookies and Opt Out:
Whispering Winds uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our Site and third-party sites. Cookies and other technologies such as Web beacons or tags are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site, as well as on third-party sites and mobile apps where you may visit. To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our and other Web sites. The information collected does not enable any third-party to identify you individually, without appropriate notice or consent. Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your non-personally identifying browsing interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance website by clicking http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.