https://wildhorserescue.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/About/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicywhrAdmin2018-03-30T22:13:14-07:00
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choice you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Please note that this policy is subject to change.
The Information We May Possibly Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Lifesavers Wild Horse Rescue website. On some pages, you can order products, make donations or register to receive materials. The types of personal information possibly collected on these pages could be:
Name
Address
Email
Phone Number
Credit Card or Debit Card Number
On rare occasions we may disclose our donor lists to outside organizations, but we always allow our donors to opt out of the lists that are shared.
The Way We May Use This Information:
The email address you provide for making donations or placing orders, may be used to send you information, appeals and updates.  Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
If you have received post office mailings from Lifesavers Wild Horse Rescue, those too can be unsubscribed to. Please send an email to: tom@eberle1.com entry manager with the subject line stating: REMOVE/SUPPRESS FROM LIFESAVERS WILD HORSE RESCUE. Please include your name and mailing address in the body of the email so your request can be processed.
Third Party Links:
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not store customer/donor credit card or banking information in our computer, or office files. All such information received are destroyed or deleted after initial use.
horse donate buttonDonate with Virtuous Giving
PayPalDonate with PayPal
amazon-smileNewsletterGet Social
guidestar-exchange-silvercfc-charityLifesavers Headquarters & Sanctuary
Lifesavers Headquarters & Sanctuary 35700 Sand Canyon Rd, Caliente, CA 93518
Phone: 661-867-2661
Email: lifesaverswildhorserescue@gmail.com
Lifesavers Adoption Center
Lifesavers Adoption & Training Center
23809 E. Avenue J, Lancaster, CA 93535
Phone: 661-727-1205
Email: cprice.wildhorserescue@gmail.com
Go to Top