https://willowcenterny.org/privacy
Need Help?
Hide This Website
Press ESC to hide this website
All services free & confidential.
| En Español 24-Hour Hotline (585) 222-SAFE (7233) 24-Hour Text Line (585) 348-SAFE (7233)
Our policy
Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors and donors. We will not share your e-mail address with third parties.
Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester does not share financial donor postal mailing lists with other non-profits or any other organization. Our lists are never sold to third parties.
Is credit card information secure?
We care about the safety and security of your transaction. We use high grade encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us. Companies we work with to process credit card transactions also use high grade encryption and security protocols. Contributions may also be made by calling 585-232-5200, ext. 265.
We care about doing it right
In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share. Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester works to accurately process your contribution information. During business hours, staff are available to answer questions about your financial donation at Info@WillowCenterNY.org.
Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester employs error checking procedures to make certain transactions are processed completely and accurately. As necessary, changes are made to improve our systems. And, independent external and internal audits are conducted to ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
How do we use “cookies”?
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester’s website through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Note to parents on our privacy policy
Willow Domestic Violence Center of Greater Rochester welcomes children to learn more about our organization and, where appropriate, find opportunities to serve our community through volunteer activities. However, we encourage this to be done only with their parent’s knowledge and supervision. For this reason, Willow Domestic Violence Center follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us should you have any questions about the operation of the site.
Give