https://wilmetteinstitute.org/privacy-policy/
Wilmette Institute Privacy Policy1. The Wilmette Institute, an agency of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá’ís of the United States, maintains a database of information about its students, which includes contact information, the names of the courses they took, the names of their mentors, the assessments (grades) they received, and any other information students disclose to the Institute.2. The Wilmette Institute has not, does not, and will not sell information about its students to anyone. It has not, does not, and will not disclose such information unless so required by law. All student information is strictly protected for use by the student or the Wilmette Institute for Institute purposes only.3. The Wilmette Institute will add students to its eNewsletter, which exists to notify current and former students and friends of the Institute about its upcoming courses and other news. Each eNewsletter includes information about how to remove oneself from the list, and the Institute will remove persons from the list upon their request.4. The Wilmette Institute will add students to its electronic invitations, which exists to notify current and former students and friends of the Institute about its upcoming courses. Each invitation includes information about how to remove oneself from the invitation list, and the Institute will remove persons from the list upon their request.5. The Wilmette Institute takes all reasonable precautions to secure personal information through password-protected files and filing cabinets in locked rooms.6. The Wilmette Institute will provide students with the information about them in its database upon request.7. Wilmette uses Facebook login and Google login to provide access to certain site areas. The information we get will not be used to post or store any media. We primarily receive a token to identify who you are for logging in. In some cases, you can connect to Google Drive to copy Drive files to Moodle. We have no access to anything further on your account.These services include:Google sign-in and drive services,Facebook sign-in,Dropbox services.TwitterFacebookEmail
Up Next...
ArticlesDec 02, 2020Ablaze with Fire: African American Bahá’i Stories of Teaching and ServiceThis presentation highlights the teaching experiences of early African American Bahá’is with a special focus on the contributions of African American women.
ArticlesDec 01, 2020Key Ingredient for a Better FutureOne lesson the COVID-19 pandemic and the ensuing economic recession have taught us is that our world is so inextricably interdependent that it has effectively become a single organism.
See All Articles Home Wilmette Institute Privacy Policy