https://winnyc.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Are You Homeless?
Privacy Policy
Win respects the privacy of each individual who contacts us. We are grateful for your support and the crucial role you play in helping us continue our valuable work. As part of our commitment to safeguarding your privacy, we have adopted the online privacy policy outlined below.
Collection
We collect two kinds of information, site usage data, which is not individually identifiable, and individually identifiable information.
Use
Site usage data
Our web server automatically recognizes and collects the domain name of each visitor to our web site. We collect information about visitors to our site, such as the number of visitors, what pages they access, and the length of their visit. This information is used in aggregate form in order to manage our web site and improve its content.
Individually identifiable information
We collect individually identifiable information about you when you choose to share information about yourself, for example, when you make a donation, request information or sign up to be an advocate. This information may include your postal or e-mail address, your telephone number and the name of fundraising campaign(s) to which you donated.
Individually identifiable information is used to provide you with information or to deliver the service you have requested. If you provide your postal address, telephone number or e-mail address to Win online, you may receive periodic contacts from us.
If you would like to change the way we contact you, please email your preferences by clicking here.
At certain parts of some of our site, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to use tools or otherwise participate in the site’s activities and offerings such as the e-newsletter.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit some web pages or fill out forms such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, FireFox, or Safari), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac) and the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., Outlook, America Online, EarthLink, Yahoo, Gmail).
Sharing Information with Others
Win will never make our constituent mailing addresses available to other nonprofit nor commercial organizations.
We will share personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our rights, or protect the safety of our users or others.
Email Communications
We occasionally send out an email newsletter and direct email communications to Win site visitors to highlight news, information and opportunities available from Win. You can elect not to receive communications from us, either by completing our privacy preference form or by noting your preference in response to communications from us. In addition, all Win e-newsletters and direct email communications have easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Links to Other Sites
Our site provides links to other web sites where you can find out more information about homelessness or related social issues. Please note that Win is not responsible for the information practices of linked sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each site you visit.
Children Online
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA site. Whenever we collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, we obtain parental consent before any personally identifiable information is collected, used or disclosed. We also follow strict rules when sending email; and we provide parents reasonable access to information collected from their children, and the ability to correct or remove that information.
Security
In order to prevent unauthorized access and protect our users’ personal information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to secure the information we collect online. For example, online shopping and contributions are processed using a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to review our policy from time to time.
Questions or Concerns
Whenever you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through any medium you prefer. Your complete satisfaction in dealing with Win is important to us. If you have questions about Win’s privacy practices described above, please send an e-mail message to info@winnyc.org. Thank you.
Win follows the online Privacy Guidelines and the Guidelines on Ethical Business Practice of The Direct Marketing Association (DMA). For more information on these guidelines, visit the DMA.