http://winnipegchurch.ca/privacy-policy/
Central church of Christ
170 St. Mary's Rd, Winnipeg, MB
Sunday Worship 9:45 am & 6 pm
Skip to content
MENUMENUWelcomeAbout Us
Who We AreMeeting TimesBible StudyLocationLeadership
Ministries
MinistersCentral HistoryAbout Winnipeg
EventsGROW
GROW2020GROW2019
Programs
MinistriesCelebrate RecoveryFriendSpeakClothing Room
SermonsResources
Church LibrarySingingOT ReadingNT ReadingPaul Birston WebsiteLinks
Members
Log InRegistrationBible Studies
Bible Study CentralTree of Knowledge
Directory UpdateService Schedule
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Central church of Christ, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada (“Central church of Christ“) operates winnipegchurch.ca . It is Central church of Christ’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Central church of Christ may collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Central church of Christ’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Central church of Christ’s visitors use its website.
Central church of Christ may also collect potentially personally-identifying information such as name and e-mail address for registered/logged in users and for users leaving comments on contact forms, event registration forms, or other request for information forms such as congregational email updates.
Visitors or members can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, ie) name and e-mail, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities, such as contact and other forms, and entering member specific/private webpages and live broadcasting events (Sunday morning worship services).
Member Registration
When you register online for a member login you will be asked for your name and a valid e-mail address. This is the minimum amount of information we need to approve your member registration request. Members need to be registered and approved to view member private webpages, which include and are not limited to: our weekly church bulletin, member directory, Sunday Morning Worship Broadcast, and other member information. Once approved, you will have the ability to view and/or change your member user profile and password.
Congregational E-Mail Updates (members only)
We use Constant Contact to host and manage our email updates. When you subscribe (from our private member webpage, “email updates”, or by email or phone) we ask for your name and a valid e-mail address. This is the minimum amount of information we need to fulfill your subscription request.
All e-mail updates have an option that allows you to cancel or modify your subscription preferences at any time. “Unsubscribe” requests are fulfilled promptly, and no further communications will be sent to you.
Online Directory & Directory Update Forms (members only)
A directory update form is available for our congregational members to add/modify directory information available to our registered/logged in members. The information provided is only available to registered/logged in members. We use a secure SSL form to gather the information needed.
Event Registration
When you register online for an event ie) Youth Rally, Vacation Bible School, we ask for a variety of information. We use this information only for matters related to your registration and participation in the event. We use a secure SSL form to gather the information needed.
Note: We will not make any personal information collected from our member registrations, event registrations, or e-email update subscribers available to outside or third-parties, unless required to do so by a Court of Law.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns, or as in a session cookie, exists only in temporary memory while the user navigates the website and is deleted once the user closes the browser. They are widely used to make the web experience more personal. Some types of cookies that may be used by winnipegchuch.ca are cookies, session cookies (session storage) & HTML5 local storage.
Central church of Christ visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Central church of Christ’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Central church of Christ’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  We also use YouTube on our sermon & broadcasting webpage which also use cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Central church of Christ may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Central church of Christ’s sole discretion. Central church of Christ encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a winnipegchurch.ca account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Bible Verse InspirationIf you then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!Luke 11:13
Upcoming Events
COVID-19 Limitations
Follow us on:
biblestudycentral.ca
Central church of Christ
Privacy Policy
Proudly powered by WordPress.