https://wipfandstock.com/terms-policies-and-security/
Skip to content
WELCOME TO OUR NEW WEBSITE!!  Register to create a new account and shop with Wipf and Stock today!
Policies, Terms and Conditions, Disclaimer, and Copyright Notice
Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerCopyright NoticeReturns PolicyExamination and Desk Copies
Wipf and Stock Publishers’ Copyright Notice
This website and its content is copyright of “Wipf and Stock Publishers” – © “Wipf and Stock Publishers” 2020. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents, in any form other than the following, is prohibited:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Neither may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Returns Policy
Please see our Returns Policy for full details.
Examination and Desk Copy Policy
Examination copies of textbooks are provided upon request to instructors at recognized institutions who wish to review a text for possible class adoption. Exam copies are limited to one copy per title, per professor. If you decide not to adopt the title as a course text, we ask that you return the exam copy to us; please address it to the attention of our returns manager, Tom Gillies, and include the original packing slip.
We reserve the right to refuse exam copies to individuals who abuse the policy.
All desk copies mailed to destinations outside of the United States will include shipping charges; we will ship via USPS Priority Mail International, or whatever is the least expensive method.
X
Privacy Policy and Cookies
We have recently updated our Privacy Policy. This outlines how and why we collect, store and use your personal data when you use our website. Like most websites, we use cookies to improve our service and make your user experience better. See our updated Privacy Policy to find out more about cookies and how we use your data.
Okay, thanks