https://wishesandmore.org/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:  August 1, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Wishes & More and our website; https://wishesandmore.org.  We respect the privacy interests and preferences of our donors and website visitors and are fully committed to transparency in outlining what information we collect about donors and visitors, how it is used, and how you can opt-out of those programs (online or by traditional communications) if you so choose. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. The privacy policy will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., to ship an order).
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming events, wishes in action, how to get involved as a volunteer, and/or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any;
Change/correct any data we have about you;
Have us delete any data we have about you;
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Orders
We request information from you on our order form, wish referral pages, contact us form, and volunteer application. In order to connect with us via these forms, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address), and if making a donation or purchasing an item, financial information (like credit card number, expiration date) is also required. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.  We may also use this contact information to provide you with a receipt or financial report; to contact you to clarify or obtain additional information about an order you placed, a donation you made, or a wish child you have referred; or to send you additional information.
If you make a donation, we may contact you on occasion to offer you an opportunity to make another gift.  You may also receive a personal call from a Wishes & More staff member or volunteer thanking you for your donation. As a matter of long-standing policy; however, we do not use professional telemarketers or other outside vendors to solicit funds or otherwise communicate with our donors. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out of future communications from us.
Your billing information is not shared with any other organizations, and your credit card number is not retained once your transaction has been authorized and processed.
Financial transactions and our secure servers
All financial transactions on our website, specifically donations and purchases, are managed through Paypal. All transactions use an encrypted channel, take place on secure servers and occur in real time. No financial data such as your credit card number is transferred via a less-secure channel, (such as encrypted e-mail) for processing. Moreover, once your transaction has been completed, your credit card number is not retained.
How to view or change your information
If you wish to modify the frequency of future communications, please write to us at our headquarters or e-mail address below.
Also, with the exception of credit card numbers, which are not retained, you can view and request changes to all the information you have given us, including any mailing lists you may be on, by contacting us.
E-mail address:  info@wishesandmore.org
Sharing
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) may use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites, including ones that may gather personal contact information. Wishes & More is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. Any personal information obtained by us through other sites; however, is treated as if it was gathered on our site and our privacy policy applies.
Children
With respect to children, Wishes & More only collects personally identifiable contact information from children who’s parents/guardians have signed a publicity waiver. We do not give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information in any way.
Notification of Changes
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this webpage, and we will mark the link to our updated Privacy Policy on the home page of this website to note the date of any changes so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have.
Other Provisions as Required by Law
Numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. It is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. Please take special notice of the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “Do Not Track” signals.
User Agreement And Terms
Introduction
The Terms And Conditions contained herein on this webpage, shall govern your use of this website, including all pages within this website (collectively referred to herein below as this “website”). These Terms apply in full force and effect to your use of this Website and by using this Website, you expressly accept all terms and conditions contained herein in full. Wishes & More reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions any time, and you must consult the most recent version of this User Agreement and Terms and Conditions (not an older cached version) each time you view the website. You must not use this website, if you have any objection to any of these Website Standard Terms And Conditions.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than content you own, which you may have opted to include on this website, under these Terms, Wishes & More and/or its licensors own all rights to the intellectual property, service marks, copyright, hyperlinks and material contained in this website, and all such rights are reserved.
You are granted a limited license only, subject to the restrictions provided in these Terms, for purposes of viewing the material contained on this website,
Restrictions
You are expressly and emphatically restricted from all of the following:
Publishing any website material in any media;
Selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any website material;
Publicly performing and/or showing any website material;
Using this website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this website;
Using this website in any way that impacts user access to this website;
Using this website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or may cause, harm to the website, or to any person or business entity;
Engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this website, or while using this website;
Using this website to engage in any advertising or marketing;
No warranties
This website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Wishes & More makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this website or the materials contained on this website. Additionally, nothing contained on this website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Wishes & More, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this website, whether such liability is under contract, tort or otherwise, and Wishes & More, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Wishes & More from and against any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of or in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
Wishes & More is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this website you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this website.
Assignment
Wishes & More shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. You shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this website, constitute the entire agreement between Wishes & More and you in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Minnesota for the resolution of any disputes.
Service Marks
All uses of the Wishes & More federally registered and common law trademarks, service marks, and trade names, including (but not limited to) those listed below, must be approved in writing by Wishes & More. Inquiries may be directed to info@wishesandmore.org.
Copyright
The works contained in this website, including all design, text, and images (the “works”), are owned or licensed by Wishes & More and may not be stored, transmitted, reproduced, displayed, copied, altered, rented, performed, distributed, sublicensed, by subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without our prior written approval.  Unless permitted otherwise in writing, you may only use the works located in this website for your personal use.  When you download any of the works, you do not obtain any ownership rights to the works.
Hypertext Links
You may not provide a hypertext link to the Wishes & More website on another website, unless it is an active, text-only link or approved banner or artwork provided by and approved in writing by Wishes & More. Inquiries may be directed to info@wishesandmore.org.
Wishes & More reserves the right to take action against any use of its federally registered and common law trademarks, service marks, and trade names, or any links to this website that do not comply with the conditions herein, or that infringe any intellectual property or other rights of Wishes & More.
Thank you for taking the time to review our Privacy Policy and User Agreement and Terms and Conditions. Wishes & More is very concerned about online privacy and safety. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 763-502-1500 or via email at info@wishesandmore.org.
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
Continue Shopping