https://wlj.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Wright Lindsey Jennings is a full-service law firm offering legal experience in a broad range of practice areas.
Featured News
Social Justice Institute Announces 2020-2021 Fellowship Program; Wright Lindsey Jennings...
The Social Justice Institute at Philander Smith College (SJI) has announced a new...
Continue Reading
Featured Events
Nov11
Virtual Lunch ‘n Learn with WLJ: Business Succession and Estate...
Nov17
WLJ Employment Law Webinar: Legal Implications of Remote Work
Share this page
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to information that may be collected and/or used through Wright Lindsey Jennings’ website: www.wlj.com.
Wright Lindsey Jennings is committed to protecting personal information and your right to privacy. Please read our Privacy Policy thoroughly. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our policy or practices regarding how we may collect, use, and protect your personal information. Our Privacy Policy governs the privacy policies and practices of our website, located at www.wlj.com.
This Privacy Policy was last updated July 2020.  © 2020 Wright Lindsey Jennings. All rights reserved.
Read Privacy Policy at  https://policies.google.com/privacy
Service Providers
We employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our website (Service Providers), to host our website on our behalf, to perform website-related services or to assist in analyzing website usage. Third parties have access to your personal information to perform these tasks on Wright Lindsey Jennings’ behalf. Third parties are obligated to not disclose or use this information for any other purpose.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website and Google services. Google shares this data with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its advertising network.
You can opt-out of making your activity available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about website activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to identify areas of our site that you have visited. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer/mobile device by the web browser. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. We never place personally-identifiable information in cookies.
Websites use cookies for many purposes: to remember your safe search preferences, to deliver relevant ads, to analyze traffic to our website or specific pages, to aid in subscribing to services, to protect data or to remember ad settings.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Wright Lindsey Jennings reserves the right to modify our Privacy Policy at will. Changes to our privacy policy are posted on our website, www.wlj.com, with the date of implementation; additionally, we may notify users of changes via any method of communication at our discretion (e.g., email, blog, newsletter). Wright Lindsey Jennings retains the right to choose the delivery method of Privacy Policy changes. Wright Lindsey Jennings shall update the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy to reflect changes. Any changes Wright Lindsey Jennings makes to the Privacy Policy are effective as of the “Last Updated” date and replaces any prior Privacy Policies.
Terms & Conditions
Content Disclaimer: All content, intellectual property, graphics, logos, etc. are the sole property of Wright Lindsey Jennings and cannot be distributed or repurposed for any reason without written permission from those authorized to give such permissions at Wright Lindsey Jennings.
Sign Up
Close Menu