https://wochurch.org/privacy-policy/
I’m New!
Main Menu
Our Church
Learn about World Outreach Church
What We Believe
Pastor Allen Jackson
Find the Church >
Media
Live Stream Services
Sermon Outlines
Live Stream Archives
Listen to Sermons
Broadcast Sermons
Daily Devotional
Bible Reading Plan
Broadcast & Radio
WOC Mobile App
Store >
Get Connected
Small Groups
Small Group Studies
Volunteer Login
Children’s Ministry (Birth-6th Grade)
Character Quest (4th-6th Grade)
Students (7th-12th Grade)
College (18-25 year olds)
World Outreach Worship
Volunteer at World Outreach Church
Family Ministries
Kids Choir
Media
Outreach
World Ministries
Outreach Events
Local Mercy Care
Israel
Leadership Park
Annual Events
Supporting Our Community
Bible Reading
Events
Giving
Contact
Contact
Prayers and Praise
Email Updates >
(615) 896-4515
•
Friday, Dec. 11, 2020 • 3:35 AM CST
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 13, 2017
World Outreach Church (“WOC”) operates the wochurch.org website (the “website”).  By accessing or using the website, you agree to the terms of WOC’s Privacy Policy as outlined below.  WOC reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be in effect immediately upon being posted to this page; therefore, you should check this Privacy Policy periodically.  Your continued use of our website will constitute your agreement to the changes and your consent to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain information about yourself which can be used to contact or identify you. This information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, telephone number, postal address, etc. (“Personal Information”).  Providing the information to us is completely optional to you; however, if you do not provide the requested information, you will not be able to use some features of our website.
WOC collects this information for the purposes of providing the service in which you are interested, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests and inquiries, servicing your purchase orders and improving our services.  WOC may send you newsletters and other materials that may be of interest to you.  Please know that you can opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
WOC will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
WOC uses your Personal Information for providing and improving our website. By using our site, you agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WOC will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our website.
LOG DATA
WOC may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our website’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you.  Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.  Personal information that we store about you may be linked by us to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.  The cookies used on our website include those which are strictly necessary for access and navigation, tracking usage, remembering your choices and providing you with targeted content or advertising.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our website and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
WOC may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our website, to provide the website on our behalf, to perform site-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to WOC, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and WOC is unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Only persons age 13 or older have permission to access our website. Our website does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
WOC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Give to support the ministry of World Outreach Church
Previous
Next
Close
Test Caption
Test Description goes like this