https://womenshabitat.ca/privacy/
About
Mission, Vision and Values
History
Board of Directors
Management Team
Financial and Newsletters
Contact
Our Strategic Plan
How to Help
Donate
Volunteer
In-kind
Personal Fundraising Campaign
Current Partners
Donate
Let’s Luau A Hawaiian Party for Women’s Habitat
Subscribe
Instructions for removing evidence of this visit can be found here. Leave this site now
Privacy Policy
Women’s Habitat is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, clients, members, donors and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that you choose to share with us.
During the course of our various projects and activities, we frequently gather and use personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of or other dealings with this information is subject to consent. Our privacy practices are designed to achieve this.
Defining Personal Information:
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. This information can include an individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual. Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information as well, we consider that the contact information provided is business contact information, and is not therefore subject to protection as personal information.
Procedures
Personal information gathered by our organization is kept in confidence. Our personnel are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent its being lost or destroyed. We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. We routinely offer individuals the opportunity to opt not to have their information shared for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
Updating of Privacy Policy:
We regularly review our privacy practices for our various activities and update our policy. For information on our most up to date practices, please contact our Privacy Officer. The Privacy Officer is currently Silvia Samsa who can be reached at 416-252-7949, ext 231
Contact Information:
Questions, concerns or complaints relating to our privacy policy or on the treatment of personal information should be emailed to ssamsa@womens-habitat.ca
Accountability
We are responsible for all information under our control and remain responsible when personal information is processed by third parties on our behalf. To ensure accountability, we have an appointed Privacy Officer who is responsible for the implementation and monitoring of our privacy policy. This person is available to answer any questions or complaints regarding the policy. When working with any third parties who might have access to personal information, we ensure that they have a policy and procedure to abide by privacy legislation.
Identifying Purpose
Personal information is used only for the original purpose under which it was collected. We will use purpose statements to inform individuals of the reason why we are collecting information when the intent is not clear or if we intend to use information for a reason other than why it was collected.
Consent
Knowledge and consent of individuals will be acquired upon collection of information. Consent will be meaningful in that the individual can reasonably understand how the information will be used or disclosed. Consent may be given orally or by opting-in or opting-out. An individual may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Opting-in is the express consent given to collect, use or disclose personal information. Opting-out is giving individuals the opportunity to be removed from selected or all contacts with our organization.
Limiting Collection
We will only collect information that is necessary for the identified purpose for which it is collected. Any additional information will be collected with consent of the individual.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention of Personal Information
Information will only be disclosed or used for the purposes for which it was collected. Personal information that is no longer required will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous. Information about donors will not be kept after they become dormant (stop giving) in our database and will be deleted thereafter. Hard copies of tax receipts are kept for 7 years and then shredded. Donors are removed from our database when their mail is returned with no forwarding address or when they are deceased.
A donor that requests to have their name removed from our list is removed immediately.
Accuracy
Personal information will be kept accurate, complete and as up to date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. To do so, we will update our database on a regular basis when provided with new/changed information.
Safeguards
Information will be protected from theft and loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying or use. Physical measures (locked file cabinets, restricted access to offices, etc.), organizational measures (“need to know” access, etc.) and technological measures (passwords, encryption, etc.) are in place. Staff and volunteers are all trained about the privacy policy and have signed a statement understanding the new policy.
Openness
Access to our privacy policies and procedures is available to the public on our website. The name and contact information of the Privacy Officer is available on these resources. All staff know how to contact the Privacy Officer in the event of any inquiries.
Individual Access
Upon request, individuals will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of all their personal information and be given access to that information. An individual has the right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate. An individual has to made the request in writing to the Executive Director. Requests for access will be responded to within no more than 30 days and at no cost to the individual.
Challenging Compliance
In responding to complaints or challenges regarding the privacy policy, the Privacy Officer will receive and respond to all privacy complaints.
Twitter Updates
#HappyDiwali2018 https://t.co/qa95pSjRIm November 8, 2018 1:04 amhttps://t.co/L2iHaZExrE November 7, 2018 10:33 pm"House prices have gone up so quickly in this community..."
WHE worker
Jennifer Oliverrie talking about the housi… https://t.co/kprMoRZxK5 November 7, 2018 9:24 pmhttps://twitter.com/WomensHabitat