https://woodrufflawyers.com/privacy-policy/
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Woodruff Johnson & Evans Law Offices, may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our website, www.woodrufflawyers.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Links
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (630) 585-2320 or via mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 4234 Meridian Parkway, Suite 134, Aurora, IL 60504.
Lee Alhambra: kind and patient when explaining things, and a calmness that is soothing in stressful situations.Want to say thank you to Attorney Leandro Alhambra for not just being a good lawyer but for being kind and patient when explaining things. He has calmness that is soothing in stressful situations.ConniebelleLee Alhambra will represent you well and will fight for your case. Highly Recommended.Very professional, detailed and courteous. My case was handled with ease and I’m very grateful! Woodruff Johnson & Evans Law Offices will represent you well and fight for you. Leandro Alhambra is a lawyer I would highly recommend.Dylan CI HIGHLY recommend this firm as they are forthright, honest, and easy to work with! Mr. Evans was absolutely outstanding!I met with Attorney Evans today about a vehicle/pedestrian settlement claim. Mr. Evans was absolutely outstanding and helped guide my thinking regarding the insurance company and potential lawsuit. I HIGHLY recommend this firm as they are forthright, honest, and easy to work with!Keith WI recommend Jay Johnson and Woodruff Johnson & Evans. Jay Johnson is a real trailblazer in the work-related injury process. 10 STARS!My attorney, Jay Johnson, was efficient and there for me when I needed help with my work-related injury. Whenever I had an issue related to my employers’ insurance adjuster, he took care of it. Jay protected my rights when I was wrongfully charged medical bills and collectors. Jay always made himself available when I had  […]PeterEl Sr. Jay Johnson fue genial. Me guió paso a paso a través de su proceso. Lo recomendaría en caso de alguna lesión laboral.El Sr. Jay Johnson fue genial. Fue muy receptivo. Respondió a todas mis preguntas. Siempre encontraba tiempo para devolverme la llamada cuando no estaba disponible. Me guió paso a paso a través de su proceso. Lo recomendaría en caso de alguna lesión laboral.Rodrigo G.Work Compensation Attorney Leandro Alhambra Fought Hard For My Case. I Highly Recommend Him. Great Communication.Leandro Alhambra at Woodruff, Johnson & Evans did an excellent job. From the time I first contacted him, he was professional and caring. He kept me informed even during the pandemic and he fought to get me a good settlement. I recommend him highly!Edward P.I Got Hurt at Work and Hired Russell Haugen to Take On Workers Comp for Me! I Highly Recommend This Law Firm.I got hurt at work and my employer workers comp has a history of giving hurt employees a “Run Around.” Well, my workers comp “kept” loosing my Doctors orders for physical therapy. After a couple of weeks of this “Run Around” I contacted Russell. It was approximately 20 minutes after speaking to Russell, and my […]Joseph H.I highly recommend attorney Jay Johnson to anyone facing work comp issues!Jay Johnson was an amazing attorney. Whenever I had a question, however little it was, I’d always hear back from him either that same day, or the following morning. I really felt he represented me very well. I’d highly recommend him to anyone who has even a question about their case!Holly B.Mr. Russell Haugen is the best personal injury attorney in the entire Chicago area!In my opinion, Mr. Russell Haugen is the best personal injury attorney in the Chicago area. He is very professional and very hard working person for his clients. His knowledge allowed me to have a good ending for my case. He was awesome to work with. The process took several months but the settled was […]Barbara I.Great Law Firm to Work With! They Stay On Top Of Everything! Thanks So Much!They are on top of everything. Great people to work with! Thank you so much for everything you done for me.Deanna S.
View All Testimonials
Get Your Free Consultation
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
Are you a new client?*Are you a new client?Yes, I am a potential clientNo, I'm a current existing clientI'm neitherMessage*Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.