https://woodlandbc.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
WorshipGive
New HereStatement of Faith
Learn MoreWorship at Woodland Sunday School for All Ages
Get InvolvedOpportunities to Serve
Pastoral CarePrayer Requests
ResourcesCalendar Podcast: Worship as Pilgrimage
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Woodland Baptist Church
15315 Huebner Rd
San Antonio TX  78248
210-493-4501
office@woodlandbc.org
Our website address is: https://woodlandbc.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Approved comments with the name you enter and other information you provide will be displayed on the web site until such time as you request that we remove them, or until the page is removed.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website may be able to download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Forms
We utilize Ninja Forms for most forms on our web site. Some forms on our site are powered by Google.
Ninja Forms is a WordPress Premium Form Builder Plugin to create stylish and modern style form within a few clicks.
The following policy reflects Ninja Forms. The privacy policy for Google Forms can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Ninja Forms stores ip address and country of visitor. However, Ninja Forms provides an option to prevent storing visitor data.
Ninja Forms will not store any personal data except user_id (only if user is logged in), ip address, country, browser user_agent, and referrer. Information is stored only when the user submits the form. Any other information provided on forms is not transmitted to Ninja Forms and is kept securely on the Woodland Baptist Church website.
We store this data to provide the analytics of the visitor and the user who submit the form.
Ninja Forms will also store the user data given for third party opt-ins like MailChimp, Aweber, etc in their database. These data are editable as well as removable from the form entry section of Ninja Forms.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Some browsers now allow you to disable these features.
Analytics
We utilize Google Analytics to track simple information about how users interact with our web site. Your length of visit to the site, general region, language, browser, and device type may be tracked. For a full privacy policy for Google Analytics, please see their site at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Data Usage
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We use Akismet anti-spam service. The information collected by Akismet can inclued the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself). Information may also be sent to AR Forms, Google, and other plugin providers for this site. If users choose to log in with Facebook or MailChimp, their data will be shared with those companies and is subject to their privacy policies. Data may be shared with law enforcement if we are legally required to do so.
Your contact information
Only contact information you choose to give us will be stored. In general, your information will only be used for church administration and activities. Your information may need to be passed from church staff to an appropriate volunteer coordinating the ministry with which you have registered. They will not share your information. Information will be shared with law enforcement officials if we are legally compelled to give it. In no other case will your information be shared in ways that are not described in this document or are not pursuant to the policies of the entities providing plugins and content on this site.
Additional information
How we protect your data
This website is constructed with WordPress, an industry leading web content creation company powering 19% of the web. They are constantly updating and improving their security measures. This site is updated quickly any time WordPress issues a security update, so your data remains as safe as WordPress allows for it to be. On our end, we maintain very few accounts that can access any personal data, and ensure that every user that can access personal data maintains a complex, hard to hack password. Access to personal data is only given to people that must access it to complete duties of their job or carry out the ministry they have volunteered to lead.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Should there be a breach, Woodland Baptist Church will take action to work with our hosting company, WordPress and, if needed, a cyber security professional (or professionals) to take the next appropriate step in securing your information and our site. All passwords for all users will be immediately changed, and we will prioritize security of data over relaunching our site. By using this site and providing information, you agree to hold Woodland Baptist Church, it’s members and staff, and ministry volunteers blameless for data breaches.
Third Parties and Your Data
As previously described, your data may be tracked in specific ways by AR Forms and Google on this site. Additionally, you may choose to log in to some areas of our site with Facebook, or sign up for our email lists through MailChimp. All plug ins will treat your data according to the privacy policy of the company with whom you’re interacting. Your information will only be shared with entities providing our website plugins, entities providing some of our content, church staff and appropriate ministerial volunteers and if needed, law enforcement officials.
Plugin: Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Vimeo
Our website uses features provided by the Vimeo video portal. This service is provided by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a Vimeo plugin, a connection to the Vimeo servers is established. Here the Vimeo server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. In addition, Vimeo will receive your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo when you visit our plugin or do not have a Vimeo account. The information is transmitted to a Vimeo server in the US, where it is stored.
If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, Vimeo allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the Vimeo Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Go to Top