http://wordpress.appletonlaw.com/privacy/
Skip to content
This Agreement governs the use of the Appleton & Associates website on the World Wide Web (“Appleton Site”). By using the Appleton Site, the user agrees to comply with all of the terms and conditions set out here.
The material provided by Appleton & Associates is information about law. This information does not constitute legal advice.
While Appleton & Associates has attempted to be accurate in its material provided on the World Wide Web, it does not make any representations as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information. Users expressly agree to use the Appleton Site at their own risk.
Users agree to use the Appleton Site for lawful purposes only. Users will not post or transmit any material that violates or infringes legal rights, or gives rise to civil or criminal liability.
The Appleton Site contains copyrighted material including (but not limited to) text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound. The entire contents of the Appleton Site are copyrighted as collective work under the copyright laws of the United States and other jurisdictions.
The user may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part.
The user may download copyrighted material for user’s personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of Appleton & Associates International Lawyers.
The user acknowledges that it does not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
Menu
Home
About Us
Practice Areas
Experience
People
Barry Appleton
Dr. Alan Alexandroff
Lillian De Pena
Nabeela Latif
Aidan Seymour-Butler
News
Careers
Contact Us
TORONTO
77 Bloor St. W.
Suite 1800
Toronto, ON M5S 1M2
Tel • (416) 966-8800
General Inquiries: inquiry@appletonlaw.com
News17 June 2019July 10, 2019Canadian Press interviews Barry Appleton on NAFTA loopholes in Ontario’s Beer Store contract.https://www.thespec.com/news-story/9439032-what-s-next-for-the-beer-store-why-it-will-cost-ontario-taxpayers-no-matter-how-this-plays-out/12 November 2018July 10, 2019Barry Appleton presents a paper via teleconference to the Digital Rights and Cybersecurity Committee and the Intellectual Property Committee of …8 November 2018July 10, 2019Barry Appleton chairs a panel on Investment and Mega-Regionals: The New World of Investment Arbitration under NAFTA and CPTPP in …