https://worldrelief.org/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is very important to us.
Privacy Policy Statement
World Relief processes personal data and other data in accordance with applicable legislation. We believe your privacy is important and always carefully guard personal information you entrust to us. Your personal information will only be used by us or on our behalf.  We do not rent, share or sell your personal information to outside marketers.   Below is what you can expect from us.
Information you may provide us and application
World Relief collects a variety of information that you provide directly to us.  For example, we collect information from you through:
The pages on the website you visit;
Processing your donations;
Requests or questions you submit to us via online forms, email, or otherwise;
Requests for support and technical assistance;
Any other information you provide us.
While parts of our website may not require you to provide any information that can directly identify you by name, the specific types of information we collect will depend upon the parts of the website you use, how you use them, and the information you choose to provide. The types of data we collect directly from you includes:
Personal information such as name, email and postal address, and telephone numbers from staff, volunteers, beneficiaries and donors;
Data obtained through automated means following your visit to, and use of our websites, including cookies – please read our Cookie Policy for more information.
Credit card number collected when you donate online or offline.
Processing your data
World Relief keeps data on staff, volunteers, beneficiaries, donors and those who visit our websites
or social media.
If you are a staff member or volunteer, we use your data to:
Help connect you with other staff and volunteers using your personal data;
Keep you updated with news and prayers from World Relief;
Keep you updated about World Relief work;
Send you information about upcoming events, or to debrief you after them;
Keep records of the programs and projects of our domestic and international work.
If you are a beneficiary, we use your data to:
Provide services to you and your family member;
Comply with government grant requirements and private funder requirements;
Keep you updated about World Relief work;
Send you information about upcoming events, or to debrief you after them;
Keep records of the programs and projects of our domestic and international work.
If you are a donor, we use your data to:
Process your donation;
Keep you updated with news and prayers from World Relief;
Ask you for financial support to help achieve World Relief’s vision and mission.
The collection of personal data is done via your participation in receiving our services, through you providing this information directly or through government or church provision of this information; our websites when you log on, when you visit our social media sites, or when you sign up for our newsletter or one of our calls.
World Relief makes use of third party suppliers to maintain and store our databases. A list of these suppliers is available on request.  While we do not rent, share or sell your personal information to outside marketers, we may share personal information with:
Our service providers, credit card processors, which may only use or disclose the information solely to perform services on our behalf or comply with the law;
our affiliates;
if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our privacy policy, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of World Relief, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public;
as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of some or all of our assets (including for due diligence regarding a transaction) or in the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
We, or our service providers, use your information for various purposes depending on the types of information we have collected from and about you:
for the purposes for which you provide it;
to communicate with you, including to respond to your request for information and provide you with more effective and efficient customer service;
to improve the website;
for internal recordkeeping purposes;
to secure the website and applications, and resolve app crashes and other issues being reported;
to protect the rights of World Relief or others. We may also use your information to share information about services you have requested or to inform you of matters that might be of interest.
See, change, or delete your data
You can request access to the information we have recorded about you or have it changed or deleted at any time by emailing worldrelief@wr.org or mailing us at WORLD RELIEF, 7 EAST BALTIMORE STREET, BALTIMORE, MD 21202.
Security
World Relief has technical and organizational measures in place to protect your personal data against loss or any form of unlawful processing. We ensure that personal data is only accessible to employees and those who work on our behalf, and that we only use personal data for the purposes for which they are obtained, as listed above. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is absolutely secure. Should a data breach occur, we have a robust plan in place to deal with the incident quickly via our Incident Response Plan.  While we strive to protect your information, however, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Third-Party Websites
This website contains links to other sites that are owned or operated by others (“third-party websites”). We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not owned by World Relief. We encourage our visitors to be aware of when they leave our website and to read the privacy statement of any site that collects personally identifiable data.
Children’s Privacy
This site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 who has provided her or his information to us, please contact us through one of the means listed below and we will seek to remove that information.
International Users and Consent to Transfer
Our computer systems are based in the United States, so your information will be processed by us in the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.  By using the site, you agree to this Policy and you understand and agree to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer a level of protection equivalent to that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this site. Any changes will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise. Your continued voluntary use of the site following any changes signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as modified.
Contact details
Questions, comments or complaints about how we collect or process your personal data may be directed to worldrelief@wr.org or mailing us at WORLD RELIEF, 7 EAST BALTIMORE STREET, BALTIMORE, MD 21202.
Start typing & press 'enter'
Search
Close this module
Wondering if you can make a difference in a year filled with so much disruptive change?You can!Join us this season, and be a part of the change you know you were made for.Made for ChangeSite Designed and Developed by 5by5 - A Change Agency