http://worship.net/about/privacy-security/
Watch Live!
News Feed
Comments
Worship Network Your Place Your Time
Home
Watch
Videos
Share Your Photos
Weekly Programming
Where to Watch
Shop
Devotional/Inspirational
The Psalms Collection
Seasonal
Quietime Christmas
Ring the Bells
The Glorias of Christmas
Carols of Christmas Digital Download
25 Days Until Christmas
Christmas with the Annie Moses Band
Hymns
Faith That Moves Mountains
Hymns of Hope
Live Performances
Steve Bell in concert
Classical
Classical Worship Beethoven
Classical Worship Mozart
Comedy
Jeff Allen Live: Happy Wife, Happy Life
Downloads
123 Awesome Bible Prayers Every Christian Should Know
123 Amazing Believers Every Christian Should Know
123 Glorious Hymns Every Christian Should Know
123 Incredible Events Every Christian Should Know
Give
About
FAQ
Our mission
User Submission Terms & Conditions
CALM Act Certification
From Our Viewers
Privacy & Security
Contact Us
My Cart
Featured Clips
News
Photo Share
Podcasts
Worship Is
Creations
Experiences
Interviews
Perspectives
Places
Home / About / Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Privacy/Security Policy
The Worship Network always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
Returns, Exchanges and Refunds
The Worship Network offers a 30 day return, exchange and or refund on all purchases. Please call 800-728-8723 for more information or email info@worship.net
Credit card safety
Ordering online with us is a secure transaction. All online transactions in The Worship Network’s online stores are handled with industry-standard SSL encryption. This means that when you enter your credit card number into the order form, it is transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to us. We do not store your credit card information in our database or on our servers.
E-mail addresses
When you provide The Worship Network with your email address, we will use it only for the purpose for which it was provided. We do not rent, sell, or exchange your email address with any third party except to provide the services you request or as required by law.
Information we collect
When you visit The Worship Network website, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged as it is at most websites, which may include information about your IP address, domain name, browser type, access time, and referring website address. This information is not personally identifiable and is only used in aggregate (not in any way that personally identifies you).
Personally identifiable information is any information about you as an individual that would enable seomone to contact you; for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
The Worship Network will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Providing any personally identifiable information to The Worship Network is voluntary. If you do not want The Worship Network to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.
How we use this information
Personally identifiable information will be used for the purposes for which it was given. We may also use it to notify you about updates to our website and to contact you for marketing purposes. we are also happy to announce that now we are using the wordtree marketing tools.
You can visit and browse The Worship Network’s websites without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself.
The Worship Network offers free email newsletters. We gather email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Subscribers may change their subscribed email address, opt out of receiving special emailed offers, or remove themselves from any mailing list by following the instructions contained in every newsletter.
Worship Network – The Christian Network Inc.
PO Box 681329
Franklin, TN 37068
phone 800-728-8723
email info@worship.net
Founder of CNI and The Worship Network Lowell “Bud” Paxson Has Died We are sad to receive the news that Mr. Lowell “Bud” Paxson has passed away.
Mr. Paxson was founder of the Christian Network, Inc. which became more commonly known as The Worship Network. It was his life being interrupted by a Godly vision that caused him to launch Worship in 1992 and to generously provide the PAX TV platform as a powerful distribution method.
Over the years, millions of people have been touched by the beautiful nature footage, uplifting worship music, and reflective scripture that is the hallmark of Worship television. This programming provides alternative television for people from all walks of life and religious backgrounds who are struggling in their life and find themselves channel surfing in the middle of the night, looking for hope and encouragement.
"The ministry that Worship has had was profoundly impacted by Mr. Paxson’s vision, commitment to Worship, and the desire for Christian television to have an alternative to only preaching and teaching. The current and past Board of Stewards and past leadership, and all of the staff who has served Worship over the years is saddened by this news, and we express our condolences to Marla and the family,”
said Bruce Koblish, President of CEO of CNI.
“We will continue to do our best so that Bud’s vision can live on, by airing Worship online at worship.net and through a number of television affiliates around the world."
Full Story
Worship Links
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Recent Posts
Founder of CNI and The Worship Network, Lowell “Bud” Paxson, has Died
“Angel’s Lullaby” – Clip
“Not To Us” – Clip
“Grace” (Nature Video) – Clip
A prayer for peace
Categories
Creations
Experiences
Featured Clips
Interviews
News
Perspectives
Photo Share
Places
Podcasts
Worship Is
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved ·
Worship Network