https://wp.uuclvpa.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
The Unitarian Universalist Church of the Lehigh Valley424 Center St.
Bethlehem, PA 18018610-866-7652Office Hours:
Monday-Friday 10am - 5pm
Sunday:
Breakfast Forum:
9:00 am
Service: 10:30 am
RE Classes: 10:30 am
The Unitarian Universalist Church of the Lehigh Valley
A compassionate community nurturing personal growth and working for justice
Facebook YouTube
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
Sunday Service: 10:30am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Church of the Lehigh Valley (UUCLV), referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: web.team@uuclvpa.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis (via form submission). Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at web.team@uuclvpa.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than UUCLV. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Search This Site
Search for:
Search
Next ServiceDecember 13, 2020 at 10:30 amPastor Madelyn CampbellThe Maccabees took back the Temple and then everything changed. What can we learn from that today?
We will be conducting this Sunday Service online via Zoom. You may join the service with a computer, tablet, or mobile device. If this is your first time using … read more.
Recent News
Social Action Committee Statement on the Death of George Floyd and Racial Injustice
July 6, 2020
Standing in Solidarity: Bethlehem Interfaith Group
June 20, 2020
UUCLV Virtual Sunday Service
April 12, 2020
COVID-19 Pastoral Message from Rev. Susan Frederick-Gray
March 21, 2020
The Building is Closed, but Church is Still Open!
March 15, 2020
Upcoming EventsNo eventsMore events ...
Breakfast Forum Schedule
Second Sunday Concert Series
Fourth Friday Films
The Link Monthly Newsletter
Members & Friends
Room Reservation (UUCLV Use Only)
Building Rentals
© 2020 The Unitarian Universalist Church of the Lehigh Valley
Facebook YouTube
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
InSpirit UU Books & Gifts