http://wtgrantfoundation.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@wtgrantfdn.org or William T. Grant Foundation, 570 Lexington Avenue, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10022, (212) 752-0071.
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by or submitted to the William T. Grant Foundation, a nonprofit organization, through the website. The website provides information about the William T. Grant Foundation and allows users to begin the grant application process online. The information collected on the website falls into two generic categories: (1) information voluntarily submitted; and (2) information gathered via electronic means.
Information Voluntarily Submitted
The William T. Grant Foundation only gathers “personally identifiable information” (information that relates to an identified individual) if you voluntarily submit such information to us through registration forms, subscription forms, feedback forms, and profile update forms. The types of personally identifiable information voluntarily submitted on our website may include your name, title, department, address, city, state/province, zip/postal code, country, phone and fax numbers, email addresses, and URLs. You can always choose not to provide personally identifiable information, but if you do not provide such information, you may not be able to take advantage of the features of the William T. Grant Foundation website (i.e., receipt of information from the Foundation). You can always modify your email notification preferences by clicking the appropriate link included in the footer of email notifications. If you do not want to receive email from the William T. Grant Foundation, please opt out of receiving emails at the bottom of any William T. Grant Foundation email or by editing your profile preferences.
We use your personally identifiable information in the following ways:
To contact you with news and information regarding the William T. Grant Foundation and the research we sponsor.
To respond to your questions or comments sent to us via email or postal mail.
To introduce a service that we think might be of interest to you.
To comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order and to counter any attempted breach of security of our website, or a physical threat to you or others.
The William T. Grant Foundation will only send you the information described above if you have opted to receive such information during the registration process. The William T. Grant Foundation will not rent, sell or lease personally identifiable information to any third party unless we have received your permission.
Information Gathered via Electronic Means
The William T. Grant Foundation also collects “non-personally identifiable information” (information that does not identify a specific individual) through the use of Internet Protocol tracking, log files, and/or cookie technology. The Foundation uses Google Analytics to anonymously track pageviews, clicks, and time on site for all users.
We register your Internet Protocol address when you visit the website to help diagnose possible technical problems and to administer website quality. We do not use Internet Protocol addresses or clickstream data to personally identify users.
Log files (files listing every request made to the server) are used to statistically determine which areas of our website users prefer and to better prepare future site content based on the interests of our users. We do not track the usage patterns of individual users, but rather the overall performance of each page on the site.
In some parts of the website we use cookies, which are bits of information that are stored on your computer when you visit a site. Cookies allow the website to recognize you and, among other things, load your page more quickly. If you find this objectionable, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Links To Other Sites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Security Policy
Protecting your privacy and your information is our top priority. We have established physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard our physical premises and to protect against the loss, disclosure, alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access of personal information both online and offline. Only those employees of the William T. Grant Foundation and/or our business partners who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. While we take reasonable efforts to ensure the security of information, there is no guarantee that any data transmitted over the Internet or stored via our website is 100 percent secure; this is the case for any users of and service providers on the Internet.
Accessing and Updating Information
The William T. Grant Foundation strives to maintain the accuracy of user records and only collects personal information that is relevant for the purposes for which it is used. If you have any questions about what information we currently hold about you or your organization or would like to make updates or changes, please contact us at info@wtgrantfdn.org.
Choice/Opt-Out
The William T. Grant Foundation will not use or share your personally identifiable information in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy without first letting you know and offering you a choice. If at any time you would like to stop receiving information from the William T. Grant Foundation, you may send an email with your request to info@wtgrantfdn.org.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting children on the Internet is very important. For that reason, the William T. Grant Foundation does not intentionally collect information at our website from those the William T. Grant Foundation actually knows are under age 13, and no parts of our website are structured to attract anyone under age 13.
Assignments
At some point, the William T. Grant Foundation may wish to assign or transfer its obligations and rights under this Privacy Policy to a third party. You agree that the William T. Grant Foundation may do so, on the condition that the William T. Grant Foundation first requires such third party, in writing, to either abide by this Privacy Policy or notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy and allow you to remove your name from its database.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
The William T. Grant Foundation reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time to clarify or improve our policy, as long as such changes do not decrease the protection already provided by these provisions. Changes will be posted to the website and the “Last update” date will reflect the date of the most recent changes. Your continued use of the William T. Grant Foundation website following the posting of changes to these terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using any of the William T. Grant Foundation website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website.