https://wwda.org.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Our Site
Youth Network
Sunny
Donate
Membership
You are here:
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Read WWDA’s full privacy policy below or download WWDA’s Privacy Policy in Easy Read:
WWDA Privacy Policy: Easy Read [PDF]WWDA Privacy Policy: Easy Read [DOC]
1. General
Women with Disabilities Australia Inc ABN 23 627 650 121, (WWDA) recognises that the privacy of your personal information is important to you. At WWDA, we take our privacy obligations seriously and are committed to ensuring that we handle personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act).
This policy sets out how WWDA collects, uses, discloses and secures your personal information. It also sets out your rights to access and correct it. This policy covers all of our activities, including the operation of our websites and our social media accounts on any platform, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Youtube (WWDA Social Media).
2. Collection of your personal information
We collect personal information relating to our members for our organisational purposes, and major functions, which are detailed generally on our websites.
WWDA may collect personal information including (but not limited to) the following: your title, name, address, gender, email address, telephone numbers, birthdate, occupation, qualifications, skills, transaction and payment details, and other information reasonably necessary for us to provide our services to you or which is otherwise reasonably necessary for us to carry out our functions and activities.
WWDA may collect sensitive information, including information that you choose to share with us regarding your disability, racial or ethnic origin, or sexual preferences. If WWDA holds any sensitive information about you, that information will only be used and disclosed by WWDA for the purpose for which it was provided by you, or otherwise in accordance with the Privacy Act.
WWDA generally collects personal information that you choose to share directly from you when you communicate with us. For example, when we receive an email from you, we may collect and retain your personal information. With your consent, we may also collect photographs or videos of you, for example when you attend or present at one of our events. There may also be circumstances where we collect information about you from third parties or via other methods., for example, where we have been provided with this information by a friend, relative or carer.
WWDA may make a record of information relating to your visit to our websites. Such information includes your server address, domain name, IP address, the date and time of your visit, pages accessed and documents downloaded. If you do not wish information to be collected and recorded by means of a cookie, you may reconfigure your web browser to not accept cookies.
If you send an email to any of our staff, we will record your email address. We will use your email address for the purpose for which it was provided, and for any other purpose for which you would reasonably expect us to use it. We will not include your email address on any mailing list without your prior consent. We will not use your email address for any other purpose without your express consent.
If we require you to provide personal information when you complete an electronic form on our websites, we will collect that information to assist us in responding to your request.
WWDA will not collect personal information in a way that would be unlawful or where such information is unnecessary or unrelated to our functions, activities or business.
Our websites and the WWDA Social Media may contain links to other websites and social media pages. WWDA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any of those websites or social media pages. Parts of our websites interface with Facebook. If you are a member of Facebook, the interfaces may allow Facebook to connect your visits to our websites with other personal information Facebook holds on you.
3. Cookies and analytics
Our websites may use analytics tools such as Hotjar and Google Analytics.
Google Analytics is a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers, including those in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand our website traffic and webpage usage. This then helps us to improve user’s experience of our websites. By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data about you for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google (external link).
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device’s IP address, captured and stored in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymised user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy (external link). You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this Hotjar opt-out link (external link).
4. Use and disclosure of your personal information
We use the personal information we collect for our organisational purposes (including as described on our websites), to fulfil our legal obligations and to keep our members informed of our activities and the services that we provide. Our organisational purposes are generally to provide services to our members, to administer our relationships with our members and potential members, and with suppliers, and others, and to operate our websites and the WWDA Social Media.
WWDA will only use or disclose your personal information for the purpose for which it was collected, for another, related purpose for which you would reasonably expect us to use it, or for any other purpose with your consent (whether express or implied). For example, we may use your personal information to analyse data obtained on our websites to determine our websites’ effectiveness and to modify it to improve its functionality and the service it provides to members.
WWDA may from time to time send you marketing material that we consider may be useful to you, including information about our organisation. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can let us know and we will not send it to you.
Depending on the purpose of collection, your personal information may be disclosed to:
external service providers (on a confidential basis and in circumstances where those service providers may only use your information for the purpose of WWDA activities), such as service providers for our websites, member email newsletter distribution, cloud data storage and payment processors;specialist advisers to WWDA who have been engaged to provide us with legal, accounting, administrative, financial, insurance, research, marketing or other services; andany other person authorised and specified by you.
In addition, WWDA may use or disclose your personal information:
where required or authorised by or under an Australian law (including the Privacy Act) or an order of a court or tribunal;in accordance with the Privacy Act, including where we hold a reasonable belief that the use or disclosure is required for certain enforcement or health and safety purposes, or that use or disclosure is necessary in relation to certain suspected unlawful activity or misconduct; orif reasonably necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable claim or for the purposes of confidential alternative dispute resolution.
If you attend WWDA events such as forums or workshops, where you have given your consent, WWDA may publish photographs or videos of you on its websites, WWDA Social Media, newsletters or for other marketing and promotional purposes. WWDA will endeavour not use your image without your consent.
WWDA may at other times notify you about our disclosure practices in respect of specific services that we provide in relation to our activities.
If you do not provide some requested personal information, we may be delayed or prevented from finalising our transaction with you, or satisfying your request or enquiry.
5. Storage and security of your personal information
WWDA may hold your personal information in a number of different formats, including software programs (located both onsite and offsite, including in the cloud), databases, filing systems and in offsite backup storage. Personal information held by WWDA may be stored in email accounts that are accessible through mobile devices. Given the nature of our business, we are likely to disclose your personal information to recipients in the following overseas regions: United States of America, Europe.
WWDA takes all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, unauthorised access, modification, disclosure or misuse. However, we cannot ensure the security of any information that you transmit to us over the internet and you do so at your own risk.
6. Access to your personal information
At any time, you may request access to personal information about you that WWDA holds by contacting us using the details below. WWDA will process your request within a reasonable time. We will generally give you access to your personal information, and if we do not we will take reasonable steps to meet your needs (for example by letting you know generally the kind of information we hold about you). We will also give you the reasons why your request has been refused and advise you on avenues to make a complaint.
7. Correction of your personal information
You should promptly notify WWDA if there are any changes to your personal information. You may ask WWDA at any time to correct personal information we hold about you by contacting us.
8. Complaints
Please notify us using the contact details below if you have any complaints relating to WWDA’s handling of your personal information. WWDA will investigate all complaints and respond to you within a reasonable time and in accordance with its legal obligations.
9. Changes to this policy
This policy was last updated on 14 January 2020.
WWDA may amend this policy from time to time, by publishing a revised policy on our websites. Any changes will be effective as of the date they are published.
10. Contact details and further information
If you have any questions in relation to privacy or you wish to access or correct your personal information, please contact us directly by email at officeadmin@wwda.org.au or write to us at PO Box 407, Lenah Valley, Tasmania  7008 AUSTRALIA.
For further information about privacy issues, see the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Download WWDA’s Privacy Policy in Easy Read:
WWDA Privacy Policy: Easy Read [PDF]WWDA Privacy Policy: Easy Read [DOC]
Keep in touch
Enter your email to subscribe