http://www.hudin.com/membership-terms/
LOG IN · CART
LOG IN · CART
Membership Terms
The “Site” www.hudin.com is operated by Hudin Varela, registered in the United States of America with EIN 26-3110926. Following are the Membership Terms that govern your use of our paid services. These services include access to the paid content of the Site and are collectively referred to as “Services”. A person or organization or legal entity that has entered into a contract with us for Services on these Membership Terms is referred to as a “Member”.
The courts in the United States of America will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, your use of the Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of the Terms of Use or the Terms of Service in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These Terms of Use, the Terms of Service and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the United States of America.
Membership
Services are provided only to Members. The Services include the provision of an account to you which will enable you to access a range of paid Members-only content hosted on the Site. The Services are described in more detail in the relevant sections of the Site. We currently have one form of membership but reserve the right to expand and offer additional types.
Membership gives you access to all the content on the Site. By signing up to or renewing a membership you promise that all the information you have provided is complete and accurate, and that you will carry out your obligations set out in these Membership Terms.
Registration, Formation of Contract, Cancellation
These Membership Terms set out the entire agreement between you and us relating to the provision by us to you of the Services made available through the Site.
Your application to start or renew your membership is an offer by you to enter into a binding contract with us, and while membership applications are automated, we reserve the right to accept or decline them at our discretion.
The Contract will have a fixed term of one year and will renew automatically at the end of each fixed term for a further fixed term. If you do not wish to renew your Contract with us, please cancel it via the Site system or send us an email.
Account Security
All user IDs and passwords are confidential information and must not be disclosed to or shared with any third party.
We have the right to disable any user ID or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have, or any named user has, failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Membership Terms, our Website Terms of Use or our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Price & Payment
Fees are listed on the Site. You must pay the applicable membership fees in order to receive the Services and payment will be made via the systems that are integral to the Site. Payments will be processed through our payment processing service provider Stripe, billed in US Dollars. The collection and processing by this provider of your credit or debit card details and other personal data are governed by its terms and conditions. See stripe.com/privacy for more information.
Acceptable Use
Tasting notes and scores may be reproduce at a limited number (determined by us on a case by case basis) on Members’ own websites, social media, or in print form, without requiring express permission. The following conditions must be met however:
Scores, tasting note, and wine information must be reproduced without edits. The tasting note and score must be attributed to both the author as well as the website hudin.com
With the previously mentioned exception of tasting notes and scores, Members or visitors to the Site may not reproduce any content or other files derived from the Site without requesting permission first, via email at www.hudin.com/contact
Members or visitors to the Site may not under any circumstances use “bots” or other automated processes to crawl this website and any of the data or intellectual property contained therein.
We reserve the right to terminate without consultation the membership of any Member found to be breaching these conditions.
Our Liability
Nothing in these Membership Terms will operate to exclude or limit our liability to the extent that such liability cannot be excluded or limited by law.
If we fail to comply with the terms of these Membership Terms, we are responsible for loss or damage that is a foreseeable result of our breaching these Membership Terms or failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time these Membership Terms are entered into, both knew it might happen.
If defective digital content that we supply damages a device or digital content belonging to you, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
If you breach any of these Membership Terms, we may take any of the following actions that we deem appropriate in the circumstances:
You agree to reimburse us all costs, losses, damages, expenses and liabilities (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) suffered, incurred or paid out by us as a result of your breach of these Membership Terms.
Transfer of Rights & Oblications
You may not transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time.
Events Outside out Control
We will not be liable for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control including (without limitation) natural disasters, failures of telecommunications networks, power failure, failure of our suppliers, data loss and the acts of any government.
Revisions
We may revise these Membership Terms at any time by amending this page. Continued use of your membership after expiry of such notice period will signify that you agree to such changes.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
These Membership Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.
The American courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, the Contract or these Membership Terms although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these Membership Terms in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
Privacy & Cookies: You know the drill and that to view the site you need to accept the cookie policy.
Cookie Policy
X