http://www.alnap.org/privacy-policy
HomeDisclaimer & privacy
Privacy Policy
ALNAP, which is hosted by the Overseas Development Institute (ODI), is committed to ensuring that your personal details are protected when you use our website or subscribe to our mailing lists. ODI is the data controller for ALNAP and its subscriber data. This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide. It includes:
what information ALNAP may collect about you
what ALNAP does with the information we gather about you
when ALNAP may use your details to contact you
whether ALNAP will disclose your details to anyone else
your choices regarding the personal information you have provided
ALNAP's commitment to keeping your details secure
the use of cookies on the ALNAP website.
General Terms
ALNAP processes your personal data in relation to your ALNAP Membership and/or subscription by consent when you become a Member or subscribe electronically. Where we send you postal mail, we do so through our legitimate interests as we believe that doing so does not unduly harm your privacy rights. You can opt out at any point by contacting us.
Whenever you provide personal information to us, we are legally obliged to use this information in accordance with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation, effective from 25 May 2018 (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the ‘data protection laws’).
Be aware that the ALNAP website contains links to other websites of interest operated by third parties. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we recommend that you review them as they will govern the use of personal information you submit whilst visiting these websites.
We do not accept any liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites.
What information will ALNAP collect about me?
Information will be requested from you when you apply for a position/ placement with ALNAP, register as an ALNAP Member or subscriber to receive one of our updates, post a comment to the ALNAP blog, purchase any of our products, or sign up to attend any ALNAP events. By entering your details in the fields provided and/ or opting into ALNAP services, you enable ALNAP and its third-party service providers to store and use the information you provide to deliver the services you select. Please see Section 5 for essential information about ALNAP’s third-party service providers.
By registering with ALNAP, filling out mandatory and/or optional fields and opting in, you consent to the collection and use of the following information:
name, organisation and job title
contact information, including email address
demographic information such as address and post code
preferences and interests
employment history, education, skills and references (if applying for a position or placement at ALNAP)
other information relevant to user surveys
ALNAP also uses cookies and collects IP addresses (an IP address is a unique number that can identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) to track site usage. For more information please read 'What are cookies and how does ALNAP use them?'.
How will ALNAP use the information they collect and when will they contact me?
Depending on the services you have selected, ALNAP can use your personal information to:
Periodically send you email announcements about new publications, meetings or other information we think you may find interesting based on the information you have provided.
Contact you for service administration purposes (for instance, if you have forgotten your password, have submitted an enquiry/ request for support or posted a comment on our blog).
Refine the outputs and services we offer based on the information you have provided.
Invite you to participate in or contribute to specific research projects being undertaken by ALNAP researchers (participation is always voluntary).
Pass to a selection panel for consideration (in the case of online job applications).
Connect Member Reps to engage in areas of shared interest
We do look to see how many people are opening our emails but do not use this data to profile you individually.
Please note that ALNAP hosts a number of mailing lists (e.g. ALNAP Bulletin, ALNAP events and others). You will have the option to unsubscribe from these ALNAP lists if you wish, and you may opt-in to receive mailings from only one list.
If ALNAP proposes using your personal information for anything other than what you originally signed up for, we will ensure to ask for your consent first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for use other than those listed above.
Will ALNAP share my personal details with anyone else?
ALNAP will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or disclosure is required by law. In some instances, ALNAP may pass your information to our third-party service providers for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf.
On these occasions, we will require that these third parties comply strictly with our policy and will prohibit the use of your personal information for their own business purposes. ALNAP uses a limited number of systems and third-party providers to securely store and process your personal information to provide services to Members and subscribers. Information on a sample of these systems and their services can be found below, along with links to their privacy policies:
CiviCRM
Information provided by ALNAP Members and subscribers when registering via the ALNAP website and/ or registering for an ALNAP event is managed in our contact relationship database (CRM). ALNAP uses a third-party provider called CiviCRM. All data managed using this software is stored in a local server based in London.  We retain this information in order to provide services selected by ALNAP Members and subscribers during registration, these services are stipulated above. For more information, CiviCRM’s privacy policy can be accessed here.
MailChimp
ALNAP uses a third-party provider, MailChimp, to disseminate communications with ALNAP Members and subscribers based on the preferences they submit during registration. MailChimp is certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. When opting in to receive any of ALNAP’s communications, ALNAP Members and subscribers consent to the transfer of their personal data outside of the EU to MailChimp in the U.S. As part of our data protection due diligence, ALNAP has signed MailChimp’s updated data processing agreement in line with new EU data protection laws. For more information, MailChimp’s privacy policy can be accessed here.
EventBrite
Registration for all ALNAP events is processed through EventBrite. We use EventBrite to track attendance and collect contact information. This data enables us to plan for and communicate with attendees. When registering for ALNAP Events, attendees consent to the transfer of their personal data outside of the EU to EventBrite in the U.S. As part of our data protection due diligence, ALNAP has signed EventBrite’s Data Processing Addendum for Organisers in line with new EU data protection laws. For more information, EventBrite’s privacy policy can be found here.
Partner Platform
ALNAP uses Partner Platform to host our Communities of Practice (CoPs). Contacts joining these COPs consent to Partner Platform’s terms of engagement as stipulated in their privacy policy, which can be found here. When ALNAP communicates with the CoPs, we do so within the legitimate interests of their members. This communication is never beyond what is reasonably expected by members of the CoPs and has a limited impact on their privacy. Members of the CoPS can cancel their membership at any point and the opportunity to cancel membership is included in all communications sent via the CoP.
We are in the process to become fully compliant with the new data regulations and ensuring that we do not share any data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) without your consent. We aim to complete this in the middle of 2018.
How will ALNAP keep my information secure?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have done everything in our power to respect and comply with the latest data protection regulations to safeguard and secure the information you allow us to collect online.
While we strive to keep the information that you supply secure, because of the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that your information will remain 100% secure at all times.
How long will ALNAP keep my personal information?
We will come back to you every couple of years to renew consent where we ask for this – otherwise, we will bring the privacy notice to your attention every couple of years.
The personal information you provide will be kept on our database for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted and/ or obtained. Once this data is no longer necessary it will be securely disposed of.
If you delete your account or request to be removed from our members register, your profile is tagged as inactive' and, while people cannot use the personal information, it stays on the system for a certain period of time for administration purposes before being deleted automatically.
Can I access the personal details that ALNAP holds?
You may request details of personal information held about you. If you would like a copy of your personal information that we hold, please write to the Group Administrator, ALNAP, ODI, 203 Blackfriars Rd, London SE1 8NJ or email alnap [at] alnap [dot] org.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Changes to ALNAP's Privacy Policy
ALNAP reserves the right to amend this policy. Any amendments to this policy will be communicated with relevant stakeholders, including all ALNAP Members and subscribers. This policy is effective from May 2018.
What are cookies and how does ALNAP use them?
A cookie is a small file which enables the analysis of web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual based on your previous visits. The web application can tailor its operations to your cookies, by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. ALNAP’s website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the U.S., to collect this information. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. We ensure the data used to compile these reports (including: IP addresses, Client IDs and User IDs) is anonymous. These reports help us analyse webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. Read more about Google Analytics security and privacy principles.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a website that suits your needs, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How can I contact ALNAP about this Privacy Policy?
If you have any comments or questions about ALNAP's Privacy Policy you can contact us:
by email: alnap [at] alnap [dot] org
by post: ALNAP, ODI, 203 Blackfriars Road, London SE1 8NJ
by phone: +44 (0)20 7922 0300
Please address all queries to the Group Administrator.