http://www.damaceen.com/t-privacy.aspx
Browse All Categories
Furniture Collections
Office Furniture
Home Furniture
living Room Collections
Accent Chair
Futon Pad
Massage Chairs
Occasional Tables
Recliner Sofa Loveseat
Rocker / Recliner
Sectional Sofas
Simmons Upholstry
Sofa Bed
Sofa/Loveseat
Bedroom Collections
Bedroom Set
Chest
Day Bed
Dresser
Dresser Mirror
Matress - Foundation
Metal Bed
Night Stand
Vanities
Wooden Bed
Dining Room Collections
5-Pcs. Dining Set
Accent Rack
Buffet / Hutch
Counter Height Dining
Dinette Dining Table
Dining Chairs
Formal Dining Table
Server
Outdoor Furniture
Outdoor Bar Set
Outdoor Dining
Outdoor Lounge Chaises
Outdoor Seatings
Home Accent
Accent Mirrors
Bar Stools
Bench
Book Case / Shelf
Desk
Entertainment Center
Lighting
TV Stand
Clothing
Men
Men Hats
Men Abaya
Men Galabia
Women
Abaya
Jilbabs
Galabia
Hijab
Scarves
Plain Scarves
Colorful Scarves
Shiny Scarves
Shawls
Colorful Shawls
Plain Shawls
Printed Shawls
2pc Shawl & Cap
Hats
Youth
Boys
Girls
Prayer Items
Prayer Beads
Prayer Clothes
Girls Prayer Clothes
Prayer Rugs
Gift Collections
Incense Burners
Perfume
Home Decor Gifts
Gift Card
Gift Certificates
More Gifts
Disney World
Disney Bedding
Disney Gifts
Electronics
Cell Phone Cases
iPad Cases
Jewlery & Watches
Jewelry
Watches
Home Accent
Home Accessories
Dollar Plus
Accessories
Hand Items
Head Bands
Hosiery
Scarf Pins
Browse By Brands
Acme Furniture
Coaster Furniture
Damaceen
Home Elegance
Poundex Furniture
Zuo Furniture
Privacy Policy
Damaceen.com and its subsidiaries respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.
Damaceen provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used.
We've structured our websites so that, in general, you can visit Damaceen on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information unless you decide to buy.
Information Collection and Use
Damaceen.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not share this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Damaceen.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, address and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Order
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, address and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders. The shipping company do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. We will share information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
All parties we partner with are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcome email to verify Account# and Email. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please send un-subscription request to opt-out your email address from our mailing list.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
My Account
Login / Register
Order Status
Order History
Wish List
Returns
Info & Policies
How To Order
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Current offers
Coupons
Rewards
Volume Discounts
Trade Discounts
Helpful Info
Furniture Care Kits
FAQs
Advanced Search
Blog
About Us
About Us
Affiliate Program
Become a Reseller
Contact Us
Newsletter
Follow Us
We accept
© Copyright 2000-2016 Damaceen.com. All rights reserved.