http://www.saee.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The following policy is part of SAEE‘s commitment to protect any personal information (“Personal Information”) which you may provide to us through our website or by any other means. Personal Information is information about an identifiable individual. This type of information only becomes known to SAEE when you provide it to us.
Your access and use of SAEE’s website automatically binds you to the terms and conditions of this policy, so please read them carefully. Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to other websites linked through SAEE’s website. Personal Information that you choose to provide to other websites will be subject to the privacy policies of those websites.
1.0 We will not collect your Personal Information without the following:
1.1 your knowledge and informed consent
1.2 providing you with a clear explanation of what information is being collected and why we are collecting it
2.0 We will not use or disclose your Personal Information unless you have given your permission, except for the following purposes:
2.1 to assess, operate and improve this website and the services provided through it;
2.2 to respond to your requests;
2.3 to keep you informed about our organization, our services or our website;
2.4 if we are required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
3.0 We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to others unless you have given your permission. With your permission, we will only share your Personal Information with carefully chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties. We will follow the relevant legal requirements and use all reasonable precautions to ensure that only responsible third parties see your Personal Information. We will destroy personal information records as soon as it is reasonable to assume retention is no longer necessary. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or act or omission of third parties who receive the Personal Information.
4.0 We will protect collected Personal Information from loss or theft. Paper files will be secured with physical locks and computer data will be secured behind a firewall.
5.0 Upon your request and verification of your identity, we will provide access to any of your Personal Information that we have collected and will also provide a method for you to submit corrections or updates to your Personal Information.
6.0 Personal information collected from individuals seeking employment with SAEE may be retained so that SAEE may contact you about other positions that may also be of interest to you.
7.0 In addition to the use of your Personal Information as described above, we may also gather anonymous information that may be used by us or shared with third parties. This is information, which does not identify you, but which may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving our website or the services provided through it.
8.0 SAEE’s website may, from time to time, use Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes and they can make the World Wide Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of Cookies is normal practice in the industry and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. If you prefer, you can set your Internet browser to refuse Cookies.
Terms and Conditions for Use of this Website
Copyright of the written materials contained within the Society for the Advancement of Excellence in Education website is owned or controlled by the Society for the Advancement of Excellence in Education. This information may be used, with appropriate acknowledgment, for research, academic, policy or other non-commercial purposes. Proper attribution is required. Posting SAEE research papers on other websites is permitted provided the poster first gains approval from the Society for the Advancement of Excellence in Education. For approval, contact us at info@saee.ca.
Disclaimer
The nonpartisan Society for the Advancement of Excellence in Education publishes studies, reports, and books on timely topics related to education worthy of public and policy consideration. The views expressed are those of the authors and should not be attributed to the Society for the Advancement of Excellence in Education, its trustees, or its funders.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree