http://www.gfa.org/privacy-policy
USA
Australia
Canada
Germany
Finland
New Zealand
South Africa
South Korea
United Kingdom
USA
Translations
French
Spanish
Swedish
My Cart
Log In
Contact Us
MENU
About
News/Media
Get Involved
Pray
Free Resources
Sponsor
Sponsor a Missionary
Sponsor a Child
Sponsor a Woman Missionary
Mission Support Team
Write Your Child
Donate
Donate Now
Christmas Gift Catalog
Other Ways to Give
Donate Your Settlement Check
Non-cash Gifts
Stocks and Mutual Funds
Cost-free Giving
Planned Giving
IRA Charitable Rollover
Matching Gifts
My Account
×
Privacy Policy
Gospel for Asia is committed to respect your online privacy and security. To that end, we have developed and maintain thorough physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information in compliance with current industry standards.
We may use personal information you enter on our website to: process and send notices about your transactions, provide any services you request and send you information about and related to Gospel for Asia.
Gospel for Asia will not sell, lease, or trade your personal information.
It is not publicly accessible.
Unless we are compelled by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure to share your personal information with law enforcement, government officials or other third parties, it is accessed only by those who are authorized by Gospel for Asia and abide by strict confidentiality agreements.
To access or change any of your personal information, or if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
By accessing or using this website and providing personal information, you are signifying that you consent to the Privacy Policy presented here.
Gospel for Asia reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion.
Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use.
Site Usage Statistics Settings
We use web analytics tools to measure anonymous site usage statistics so that we can make informed decisions to improve your experience on our website. These tools use cookies to store anonymous usage information and identify repeat visitors, and in some cases your email address if you enter it on the website. These tools do not collect any other personal information besides your email address.
If you do not want any of your personal or website usage information to be included in our site usage statistics, you may click here to opt out.
A cookie is used to track these opt-out preferences. If you clear your cookies or use another browser in which you have not also opted out, your site usage information will be tracked normally until you again set your preferences on this page. If you wish to ensure that no data is ever tracked in this way, even after clearing cookies, you can set your cookie security options in your browser preferences to restrict gfa.org from setting first-party cookies. Please be aware that certain functions of this website, such as making donations or logging in, may not work properly for you if you block cookies this way.
Return / Refund Policy
If for any reason you find an item you've received from us less than satisfactory, please return it to us within 30 days of receipt. We'll send you a replacement or refund check, or credit your credit card, whichever you prefer. Shipping fees to return the item(s) are not refundable unless incorrectly shipped, received damaged or defective.
Delivery Policy
All orders will be processed within 1-3 business days of receipt and shipped by ground unless otherwise requested. Additional fees will be assessed for special handling or international requests. Call 1-800-946-2742 for complete details.
Security
This site uses 256-bit SSL encryption from DigiCert to ensure that any personal information you submit is securely encrypted.
Promoting the work of Gospel for Asia
Gospel for Asia desires to let people know about the desperate need of the love of Christ for millions throughout South Asia.
Along with sharing at meetings and volunteers helping us to get the word out, we are working with the latest technologies to let people know about us.
One of the tools that Google offers us is the ability to display information about GFA wherever Google has advertising space. You might notice that after going on GFA's website, images and text about GFA appear in the advertising space on other sites. This is done via a technology called cookies.
If you wouldn't like this to happen, feel free to opt-out with this link
Also, there is a third-party vendor web site called the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. This allows you to find out more and opt-out of communications like this.
Opting Out of Cookies
In order to opt-out of cookies, use the two links below:
Opt-out of Site Usage Statistics
Opt-out of Google advertising
Sponsor a Missionary »
Sponsor a Child »
Sponsor a Woman Missionary »
Like this photo? Learn more at our Photo of the Day
Contact Us
info@gfa.org
1-800-946-2742
Gospel for Asia
1116 St. Thomas WayWills Point, TX 75169
Made with
in Wills Point, TX
About Us
Donate
Get Involved
Sponsor
GFA Updates on Patheos
School of Discipleship
Subscribe to get Weekly Email Updates
Gospel for Asia is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit charitable organization. All donations to Gospel for Asia are income-tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
© Copyright Gospel for Asia 2020
Privacy Policy
Gift Acceptance Policy
Financial Integrity
Hide this / Don't show me again