https://www.nala.ie/policy/nalas-policy-access-to-public-services/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
Access to public services
NALA believes that all citizens should have fair and equal access to all public services, that are delivered in a literacy-friendly way. Being literacy-friendly means removing any literacy-related barriers that could make it difficult for people to access the service, or participate in the activities that the organisation provides.
What it achieves
In everyday terms, a literacy-friendly organisation enables the public with literacy and numeracy difficulties to:
access and participate in its services,
communicate effectively with it, in different ways,
apply for positions for which they have an aptitude and relevant experience,
be included in consultations,
be treated fairly in light of their general performance and interaction with others,
understand and apply internal policies and procedures, and
receive effective training to help them carry out their jobs to the best of their ability.
Cross-party support for new Plain Language Bill
Fine Gael TD Noel Rock has introduced a Plain Language Bill in the Dáil on Thursday 31 January 2019. Labour Senator Aodhán Ó Ríordáin has also introduced a Plain Language Bill in the Seanad. Both parties have been working with the National Adult Literacy Agency (NALA) to develop the Plain Language Bill.
The Plain Language Bill aims to ensure that all information for the public from Government and State bodies is written and presented in plain language.
Fine Gael TD Noel Rock said that while some government forms are already in accessible language “it’s clear we need a universal standard across all Departments”.
Labour Senator Aodhán Ó Ríordáin said that given one in six of the adult population has very low literacy levels “the State must work harder to make all public services accessible.”
All public information such as letters, forms and documents produced by Government and State agencies will be required to be written in plain language under the proposed new laws.
Michael Power (55), a former literacy student from Tipperary, said the proposed Plain Language Bill is a “brilliant opportunity” and that he hopes it goes further and “changes people’s lives”.
What happens next?
The power to make new laws is the sole responsibility of the Houses of the Oireachtas. Dáil Éireann has the primary role in relation to legislation as it is directly elected by the people. All proposed new laws are introduced into the Oireachtas as Bills. When the Government wants to propose a law, the Cabinet approves the Bill and the relevant Minister brings it before the Oireachtas. Opposition parties or Members can also bring forward their own Bills, usually during Private Members’ time. If the Bill gets passed by the Oireachtas, it becomes an Act, which means that it becomes law.
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.