http://www.cancer.gov/policies/privacy-security
Skip to main content
Español
1-800-4-CANCER
Live Chat
Publications
Dictionary
MenuContactDictionarySearch
About Cancer
Understanding Cancer
What Is Cancer?
Cancer Statistics
Cancer Disparities
Cancer Causes and Prevention
Risk Factors
Genetics
Cancer Prevention Overview
Research
Cancer Screening
Cancer Screening Overview
Screening Tests
Research
Diagnosis and Staging
Symptoms
Diagnosis
Staging
Prognosis
Questions to Ask about Your Diagnosis
Research
Cancer Treatment
Types of Cancer Treatment
Side Effects of Cancer Treatment
Clinical Trials Information
A to Z List of Cancer Drugs
Complementary & Alternative Medicine (CAM)
Questions to Ask about Your Treatment
Research
Coping with Cancer
Feelings and Cancer
Adjusting to Cancer
Self-Image & Sexuality
Day-to-Day Life
Support for Caregivers
Survivorship
Questions to Ask About Cancer
Research
Advanced Cancer
Choices for Care
Talking about Your Advanced Cancer
Coping with Your Feelings During Advanced Cancer
Planning for Advanced Cancer
Advanced Cancer and Caregivers
Questions to Ask about Advanced Cancer
Research
Managing Cancer Care
Finding Health Care Services
Costs & Medical Information
Advance Directives
Using Trusted Resources
Coronavirus & Cancer
Coronavirus Information for Patients
Clinical Trials during Coronavirus
Understanding Cancer
What Is Cancer
Cancer Statistics
Cancer Disparities
Causes & Prevention
Risk Factors
Genetics
Cancer Prevention Overview
Screening
Cancer Screening Overview
Screening Tests
Diagnosis & Staging
Symptoms
Diagnosis
Staging
Prognosis
Treatment
Types of Treatment
Side Effects
Clinical Trials
Cancer Drugs
Complementary & Alternative Medicine
Coronavirus and Cancer
Coping
Feelings & Cancer
Adjusting to Cancer
Self Image & Sexuality
Day to Day Life
Survivorship
Support for Caregivers
Questions to Ask About Cancer
Advanced Cancer
Choices For Care
Talking About Advanced Cancer
Coping With Your Feelings
Planning for Advanced Cancer
Advanced Cancer & Caregivers
Managing Cancer Care
Finding Health Care Services
Managing Costs and Medical Information
Advance Directives
Using Trusted Resources
Cancer Types
Adolescents and Young Adults with Cancer
Emotional Support for Young People with Cancer
Young People Facing End-of-Life Care Decisions
Reports, Research, and Literature
Cancers by Body Location
Childhood Cancers
Late Effects of Childhood Cancer Treatment
Pediatric Supportive Care
Rare Cancers of Childhood Treatment
Childhood Cancer Genomics
Study Findings
Metastatic Cancer
Metastatic Cancer Research
Common Cancer Types
Recurrent Cancer
Common Cancer Types
Bladder Cancer
Breast Cancer
Colorectal Cancer
Kidney (Renal Cell) Cancer
Leukemia
Liver Cancer
Lung Cancer
Lymphoma
Pancreatic Cancer
Prostate Cancer
Skin Cancer
Thyroid Cancer
Uterine Cancer
All Cancer Types
A to Z List of Cancers
Cancers by Body Location
Childhood Cancers
Adolescent & Young Adult Cancers
Metastatic Cancer
Recurrent Cancer
Research
NCI’s Role in Cancer Research
Intramural Research
Extramural Research
Cancer Research Workforce
Tech Transfer & Small Business Partnerships
Research Areas
Cancer Biology Research
Cancer Genomics Research
Research on Causes of Cancer
Cancer Diagnosis Research
Cancer Prevention Research
Cancer Treatment Research
Cancer & Public Health
Cancer Health Disparities
Childhood Cancers Research
Global Cancer Research
Cancer Research Infrastructure
NCI-Designated Cancer Centers
Clinical Trials
Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer Research
Bioinformatics, Big Data, and Cancer
Key Initiatives
Progress
Annual Report to the Nation
Research Advances by Cancer Type
Stories of Discovery
Milestones in Cancer Research and Discovery
Resources for Researchers
Cryo-EM
Annual Plan & Budget Proposal
Director's Message
Budget Proposal
Stories of Cancer Research
Driving Discovery
Highlighted Scientific Opportunities
NCI's Role in Cancer ResearchIntramural ResearchExtramural ResearchCancer Research WorkforceTech Transfer & Small Business PartnershipsKey InitiativesCancer MoonshotCOVID-19 Information for ResearchersChildhood Cancer Data InitiativeGenomic Data CommonsRAS InitiativeNCI Research AreasCancer BiologyCancer GenomicsCauses of CancerDetection & DiagnosisPreventionTreatmentCancer & Public HealthCancer Health DisparitiesChildhood CancerGlobal HealthResearch InfrastructureNCI-Designated Cancer CentersNCI's Clinical Trials ProgramsFrederick National LabBioinformatics & CancerProgressAnnual Report to the NationResearch Advances by Cancer TypeStories of DiscoveryResources for ResearchersAnnual Plan & Budget Proposal
Grants & Training
Research Grants
Research Funding Opportunities
Cancer Grand Challenges
Research Program Contacts
Funding Strategy
Grants Policies and Process
Introduction to Grants Process
NCI Grant Policies
Legal Requirements
Apply for a Grant
Step 1: Application Development & Submission
Step 2: Application Receipt & Assignment
Step 3: Peer Review and Funding Outcomes
Step 4: Award Negotiation & Issuance
Manage Your Award
Grants Management Contacts
Monitoring
Prior Approvals
Annual Reporting and Auditing
Transfer of a Grant
Grant Closeout
Training
Cancer Training at NCI
Resources for Trainees
Funding for Cancer Training
Building a Diverse Workforce
About Center for Cancer Training (CCT)
CCT Staff & Contact
NCI Bottom Line Blog
Research Grants
Funding Opportunities
Research Program Contacts
Funding Strategy
Grants Policies & Process
Introduction to Grants Process
NCI Policies
Legal Requirements
Apply for a Grant
Application Development & Submission
Receipt & Assignment
Peer Review & Outcomes
Award Issuance
Manage Your Award
Grants Management Contacts
Monitoring
Prior Approvals
Annual Reporting & Auditing
Transfer of a Grant
Grant Closeout
Contracts & Small Business
Training
Cancer Training at NCI (Intramural)
Resources for Trainees
Funding for Cancer Training (Extramural)
Building a Diverse Workforce
Training Program Contacts
NCI Bottom Line Blog
News & Events
News Releases
Resources for News Media
Media Contacts
Cancer Reporting Fellowships
Events
Scientific Meetings & Lectures
Conferences
Advisory Board Meetings
Social Media Events
Cancer Currents Blog
All News Releases
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
Media Resources
Media Contacts
Events
Scientific Meetings & Lectures
Conferences
Advisory Board Meetings
Social Media
Cancer Currents Blog
About NCI
NCI Overview
History
Contributing to Cancer Research
Strategic Planning
Leadership
Director's Page
Principal Deputy Director's Page
Previous NCI Directors
NCI Organization
Advisory Boards and Review Groups
Budget & Appropriations
About the Annual Plan & Budget Proposal
NCI Congressional Justification
NCI Budget Fact Book
Careers at NCI
Visitor Information
Legislative Activities
Hearings & Testimonies
Current Congress
Committees of Interest
Legislative Resources
Recent Public Laws
Contact
Overview & Mission
History of NCI
Contributing to Cancer Research
Strategic Planning at NCI
Senior Leadership
Director
Principal Deputy Director
Previous Directors
NCI Organization
Divisions, Offices & Centers
Advisory Boards & Review Groups
Budget & Appropriations
Current Year Budget
About the Annual Plan
Congressional Justification
NCI Budget Fact Book
Legislative Activities
Hearings & Testimonies
Current Congress
Committees of Interest
Legislative Resources
Recent Public Laws
Contracts
Careers
Visitor Information
Search
Search
Home
Policies
Policies
Accessibility
Comment Policy
Disclaimer
Freedom of Information Act
Privacy and Security
Reuse of NCI Information
Website Linking
OMB Burden Statements
Privacy and Security Policy
NCI complies with requirements for privacy and security established by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This page outlines our privacy and security policy as they apply to our site as well as third party sites and applications that NCI uses (for example, Facebook, YouTube).
On This Page
Types of Information Collected
How NCI Collects Information
How NCI Uses Cookies
How to Opt Out or Disable Cookies
How Is Personal Information Protected?
Disclosure
Site Security
Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Websites
Types of Information Collected
Your visit to the NCI website is private and secure. When you visit the NCI website, we do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) about you, unless you choose to explicitly provide it to us. We do, however, collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand public use of the site and to make it more useful to visitors. This page describes the information that is automatically collected and stored.
How NCI Collects Information
When you browse through any website, certain information about your visit can be collected. NCI uses the Adobe Omniture Web Analytics, Google Analytics, and Crazy Egg programs to collect information automatically and continuously. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to distinguish between new and returning visitors to help make our site more useful to visitors. However, no personally identifiable information (PII) is collected.
The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Adobe Analytics, Crazy Egg, and Google Analytics. The reports are only available to NCI website managers, members of their Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties.
NCI also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors. Cancer.gov uses the Qualtrics online survey tool to obtain feedback and data on visitors’ experiences on the Cancer.gov website. These surveys do not collect PII. Although the survey invitation is presented to a random sample of visitors, it is optional. If you decline the survey, you will still have access to the identical information and resources on Cancer.gov site as those who do not take the survey. The survey reports are available only to Cancer.gov managers, members of the Cancer.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties.
NCI retains the data from Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, and Qualtrics as long as needed to support the mission of the Cancer.gov website.
For more information, please visit the Office of Management Policy and Compliance.
How NCI Uses Cookies
The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies.
When you visit any website, its server may generate a piece of text known as a "cookie" to place on your computer. The cookie allows the server to "remember" specific information about your visit while you are connected. The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of webpages. Requests to send cookies from NCI’s webpages are designed to collect information about your browser session only; they do not collect personal information about you.
There are two types of cookies, single session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods.
How Are Temporary "Session” Cookies Used?
We use session cookies for technical purposes such as improving navigation through our website. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our website. The "session" cookie is not permanently stored on your computer. The cookie and the information about your visit are automatically destroyed shortly after you close your browser to end the session.
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as “Usage Tier 1—Single Session.” The policy says, “This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies.”
How Are "Persistent Cookies" Used?
The OMB Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use persistent cookies in addition to temporary session cookies.
We use persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors to the NCI website. Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to the NCI website until they expire. We do not use this technology to identify you or any other individual website visitor.
We also use persistent cookies to enable NCI’s Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to measure how new and returning visitors use the NCI website over time.
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as “Usage Tier 2 – Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information (PII).” The policy says, “This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected.”
How to Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them using your Web browser. If you opt out of cookies, you will still have access to all information and resources the NCI website provides.
Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml. Please note that by following the instructions to opt out of cookies, you will disable cookies from all sources, not just those from NCI’s website.
How Is Personal Information Protected?
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NCI website.
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc., we maintain the information only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication.
For further information about NIH privacy policy, please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy@mail.nih.gov, call (301) 451-3426, or visit https://oma.od.nih.gov/DMS/Pages/Privacy-Program.aspx.
Disclosure
NCI does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or by statute.
Site Security
NCI's website is maintained by the U.S. Government. It is protected by various provisions of Title 18, U.S. Code. Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.
Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Websites
Third-party websites and applications are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NCI. These include applications hosted on other non-government websites and those embedded on an NCI webpage.
As part of the Open Government Directive, NCI uses a variety of new technologies and social media tools to communicate and interact with our audiences. Use of some of these applications could cause personally identifiable information (PII) to become available or accessible to NCI, regardless of whether NCI solicits or collects it. The table below lists the websites and applications we use. If any of these sites or applications collect PII, we describe what is collected and how NCI protects the information.
Types of Third-Party Websites and Applications
Third-Party Website and Application
How It Works
AddThis
AddThis allows you to bookmark and share our content on a variety of social media sites. You do not need to register or provide any personal information. The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data, including aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns.
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems. Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NCI, these reports do not include any personally identifiable information. The reports are password protected and only available to NCI managers, members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties. (See AddThis Privacy Policy.)
Bit.ly
NCI uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages, Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages. Bit.ly collects and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or Facebook/Twitter user, click on the shortened URLs distributed by NCI staff. Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NCI, compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs. Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the visitors who open the shortened links. (See Bit.ly Privacy Policy.)
Eventbrite
NCI uses Eventbrite for online event registration. To register for an NCI event using Eventbrite, you may be required to provide PII so that the NCI event management staff may contact you with details pertaining to the event. PII could include your name, email address, telephone number, and job title. NCI staff does not disclose any information about people who register for NCI events. (See Eventbrite Privacy Policy.)
Facebook
NCI has two Facebook pages — National Institutes of Health (NIH), and National Cancer Institute at Frederick link to: [https://www.facebook.com/NCIatFrederick/]. NCI Facebook pages are managed by NCI staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public. If you have a Facebook account, you can log in to your account to post comments, and 'like' NCI Facebook pages and individual entries. If once you click on an NCI Facebook page, you comment or click on the 'like' button, your PII will be visible to NCI staff and other Facebook site visitors. The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Facebook account, not posting comments, not clicking on the 'like' options, or interacting with NCI Facebook accounts in any way (i.e., private messaging, sharing NCI posts, etc.). NCI staff do not collect, use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or 'like' the NCI Facebook sites. However, as a practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from NCI Facebook pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper, inflammatory, off-topic or offensive. Repeat offenders may be subject to banning. The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NCI Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
GovDelivery Subscription Management
NCI uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters, alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them. To subscribe to receive an NCI product, you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences, including the items you want to receive. The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery. Only the NCI managers who send newsletters, alerts, or memos via GovDelivery and the staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists. GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NCI for any purpose. GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent, clicks, and open rates. This information is password-protected and only available to NCI Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. (See GovDelivery Privacy Policy.)
Instagram
NCI primarily uses Instagram to make images from our online image library more widely available to the general public and to educate the public about cancer research. While you may view the NCI Instagram feed without subscribing, if you want to subscribe to (or follow) NCI’s Instagram feed, you must create an Instagram account. To create an account, you must provide some personal information, such as your user name, password and email address. You have the option to provide additional personal information including your name, a biography or a picture. Most information you provide for an Instagram account is available to the public, but you can modify how much of your information is visible by setting your account to Private. NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Instagram, but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to you as an Instagram follower. However, as a practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from the NCI Instagram pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper, inflammatory, or offensive. The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NCI Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. (See Instagram Privacy Policy.)
LinkedIn
NCI uses the “groups” feature on LinkedIn to engage with current and past employees and members of the public. In order to join an NCI group on LinkedIn, you must register for a LinkedIn account and provide your first and last name and e-mail address. Upon confirmation of your email address, you must provide LinkedIn with information regarding your employment, country, zip code, job title, etc. The amount of visible personal information will depend on your LinkedIn user privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a LinkedIn account, not joining NCI LinkedIn groups, or not interacting with NCI LinkedIn groups in any way (i.e., private messaging, posting on group pages, etc.). Although NCI staff managing LinkedIn groups may view the information you provide when you submit a request to join NCI LinkedIn groups, NCI staff does not collect, use, or disclose any of this information. (See LinkedIn Privacy Policy.)
Submittable
NCI uses Submittable for online event registration. To register for an NCI event using Submittable you may be required to provide PII so that the NCI event management staff may contact you with details pertaining to the event. PII could include your name, email address, telephone number, and job title. NCI staff do not disclose any information about people who register for NCI events. (See Submittable Privacy Policy.)
Twitter
NCI uses Twitter to send short messages (up to 140 characters) or “Tweets” to share information about NCI with our audiences and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NCI. While users may read the NCI Twitter feeds without subscribing to them, users who want to subscribe to (or follow) NCI Twitter feeds must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com.
To create an account, you must provide some personal information, such as name, user name, password, and email address. You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography, location, or a picture. Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public, but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com website.
NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter, but the staff never uses the personal information of their Twitter followers. NCI does not collect, maintain, disclose, or share any information about people who follow NCI on Twitter. (See Twitter Privacy Policy.)
YouTube
NCI videos introduce you to many different aspects of the research that NCI supports and connect you to our research-based information resources. Some videos feature stories from researchers, cancer patients, and their caregivers. Others seek to explain NCI's major research programs. Most of these videos are available on NCI's websites as well. (See YouTube.com Privacy Policy.)
To be notified when NCI adds new videos, users with YouTube accounts can subscribe to the NCIgov channel. NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and may respond to comments and queries on YouTube, but NCI does not collect, maintain, disclose, or share any information about people who follow NCI on YouTube.