http://www.freepress.net/issues/privacy-surveillance/surveillance
Skip Navigation
Biden Wins. Trumpism Endures.
Here's what Free Press is doing next.
Act Now
Arrow
Breadcrumbs
Home
The Issues
Privacy & Surveillance
Surveillance
In this section
The Issues
Free & Open Internet
Future of Journalism
Media Control
Privacy & Surveillance
Privacy
Surveillance
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
The U.S. government has a long history of unwarranted and invasive spying.
Although this domestic surveillance impacts the privacy rights of everyone in the country, it disproportionately targets communities of color and activists. From COINTELPRO in the 1960s to xenophobic policies instituted after 9/11 to the FBI’s recent efforts to categorize Black Lives Matter activists as a terrorist threat, the government has long skirted constitutional protections to crack down on perceived dangers.
The adoption of new law-enforcement tools at the federal, state and local levels has exacerbated racially biased policing. Technologies like Stingrays and social-media spying software are used to monitor not only criminal activities but also First Amendment-protected activities like political organizing.
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Congress Needs to Stop Race-Based Surveillance
Facial-Recognition Technology Is Racially Biased
The NSA May Be Reading This Blog Post
Question and Answers
A: From Stingray and facial-recognition technologies police use to surveil Black, Muslim and Latinx communities to America’s shameful history of racist surveillance programs targeting Martin Luther King Jr., the Black Panther Party and others, government surveillance has always disproportionately impacted people of color. And in 2017, the FBI drafted a dangerous report classifying Black activists as “Black Identity Extremists” who allegedly pose a national-security threat.
A: Congress recently voted to reauthorize Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. While the intended and supposed targets of Section 702 surveillance are foreign entities, the program allows for dragnet-like monitoring of domestic phone and internet conversations. It permits the government to conduct backdoor searches into a massive NSA database containing private information about people in the United States.
Meanwhile, under Section 215 of the Patriot Act, the government can seek a court order to collect phone records for specific targets.
Explainer
This Is Why We Fight for a Free Press
As we confront state-sanctioned violence against Black people, protesters and journalists, the fight for a free press has never been more crucial.
More Explainers
Insight & Opinion
The FBI Has a Mammoth Facial-Recognition Database
The Bureau is operating this database without any real oversight.
More Insights & Opinions
Story from the Field
How Surveillance Harms Low-Income People and Workers
This year’s Color of Surveillance conference underscored how low-income folks have never enjoyed the right to privacy the elite have demanded for themselves.
More Stories from the Field
Join Us
as we challenge powerful corporations, hold policymakers accountable and mobilize millions.
Get updates:
Email
ZIP/Postal Code
submit
We respect your privacy
Thanks for signing up!
Connect with us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Mention
Pushing for Online Accountability
December 8, 2020
Mention
Senators, Net Neutrality Advocates Rail Against Looming Lame-Duck Confirmation of New FCC Commissioner
December 8, 2020
Press Release
Republican Senate Approves Unqualified Trump Loyalist in 11th-Hour Bid to Deadlock the Biden FCC
December 8, 2020
Mention
Senate Democrats Aim to Block Simington's Confirmation to the FCC
December 8, 2020