http://www.newchurch.org/resources/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyNew Church (General Church of the New Jerusalem) Privacy Policy, Revision Date: January 13, 2015
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This policy governs our collection and use of the information we obtain from you and from any device you use to visit our websites (www.newchurch.org; www.about.newchurch.org; www.education.newchurch.org; www.journey.newchurch.org; www.newchurchvineyard.org). We do not collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit our website unless you voluntarily choose to provide such information to us. “Personally identifiable information” means any information that may be used either alone or in combination with other information to identify a specific individual. It includes but is not limited to information such as your first and last name, your email address, or an account number for a payment card or other financial account. It is therefore important for you to read this policy carefully before using this website.
This website and this Privacy Policy are subject to change at any time without notice. The bottom of this policy will always show the date of the most recent substantive revision of the policy. You should review the policy periodically to assure that you are aware of any substantive revisions. Your continued access or use of this website shall be deemed your acceptance of these changes and of the reasonableness of these standards for notification of changes.
What Information Do We Collect and How Is It Used?
We collect and use only the minimal information necessary to provide our services and resources to you, and to insure the security and efficient operation of our websites.
We may choose to share the personally identifiable information we collect from you with our sister organization: the Academy of the New Church. Upon request we may share your contact information (directory data such as name and address) with the treasurers and ministers of your local or related General Church congregations. Upon request we may also share your donor information (gift data such as amount, date, and designated fund) with the treasurers of your local or related General Church congregations. We do not ever share your payment or financial information such as bank or credit card data.
Except as may be required by law, or as described in this policy, we do not share any personally identifiable information we collect from you with any persons or organizations outside of the General Church of the New Jerusalem.
Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information only from persons who request information or services from us. By voluntarily providing us with this information, you are consenting to our use of that information for the purposes described in this Policy. If you do not consent, you should not use the website. You can opt out of providing personally identifiable information to us by not entering it when asked, or by not using the website.
We do not obtain personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will send you only the types of information you request. We will not share your name or email address with any person or entity other than the previously identified sister organization.
Help protect yourself by never sending personally identifiable information (e.g., Social Security #, Credit Card #, etc.) to us or any other individuals via email. We do not accept credit card payments via email.
Some of the ways we collect personally identifiable information are as follows:
Online Profile Updates and Payment Transactions (e.g., Donations, Events, etc.)
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifiable information, this information will be used to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send you further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
To the extent that you choose to complete a payment transaction (e.g., donations, events, memberships, etc.) on the website, you will be directed to a secure 3rd party website for payment processing. Any credit card, financial and billing information that you provide is used solely by that 3rd party website to process payment for the donation. This third party website provider is prohibited from using the personally identifiable you provide for any purposes other than processing your payment.
Collection of Information through Email or Contact Forms
You may decide to send us personally identifiable information in an email containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us with this information. We use personally identifiable information from email primarily to respond to your requests. As appropriate, we may forward your email to other employees of our organization who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email address to contact you in the future about programs that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving these updates.
No Collection of Information About Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy and safety of children. We do not knowingly accept personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. In the event we discover that personally identifiable information was provided by a child under the age of 13, the email address of the child will be deleted and no personal information will be collected, stored, or disclosed.
Non-Personal Information
Certain non-personal information about visits is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which this website is hosted. Non-personal information (“Aggregate Data”) may be used for purposes of improving operation of website and providing services to you, including but not limited to improvement of the design and content of the Website or to personalize your experience on our website. We shall own such Aggregate Data and may share such aggregate data with others.
The non-personal information that we collect is as follows:
Cookies
We use cookies on our Website to make your experience easy and meaningful and to enable certain technical operations. Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer’s hard drive and are used to tell us whether Users and visitors have previously visited our website. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our Website.
Log Files
Like many standard website servers, our web servers use log files. Log files include but are not limited to internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks. Log files are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track aggregated users’ movement and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Is Information Shared With Third Parties?
Except as may be required by law, we do not share any personally identifiable information we receive with any person or entity outside of the General Church of the New Jerusalem and the sister organization identified above. We may however employ other companies and individuals to perform discrete functions on our behalf. Such functions include processing credit card payments, sending postal mail and email, analyzing data, and providing customer service. To perform these functions, these companies and individuals may be given limited access to the personally identifiable information required for performance of their specified functions, and may not use such information for any other purposes.
Third Party Links
Throughout our website, we provide links to other sites which may contain information of interest to our visitors. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the privacy practices of such other sites or the policies, content, and practices of other web sites. To the extent you visit a third-party site accessible through this Website, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information as those third-party privacy practices govern the collection and use of information provided when you are on those sites. This policy applies solely to our actions while you are on the websites named in the first paragraph of this policy.
How Can I Access and Update My Information?
Users who have created a login ID on our site may update their contact information using our online profile update form. Also, users who have provided contact information may e-mail us at outreach@newchurch.org to update their contact or other information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our Website, Services or our existing relationship. Users who no longer wish to receive e-mail solicitations or other information from us may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email communication. Users can also opt-out by emailing us at outreach@newchurch.org using “unsubscribe” in the subject line. You also have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through online forms. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You cannot remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication from us.
Security
We use a number of technical and administrative measures to assure the security, integrity and privacy of the information we collect from you, and minimize the risk of loss, or unauthorized access and use of this information. These measures include the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology which protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help insure that personally identifiable information transmitted between you and this website is safe, secure, and inaccessible to unauthorized individuals.
Conditions And Changes To This Privacy Statement
On occasion, it may be necessary for us to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will do so by posting updated text on the Website, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes. To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check this site periodically. We will not materially change how we handle previously collected information without providing e-mail notification and an opportunity to choose how we use that information.
If you choose to use this Website, your use thereof and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have any concern about privacy, please contact us with a thorough description of your concerns, and we will try to resolve it.
LAST REVISION DATE: January 13, 2015
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at outreach@newchurch.org.
Copyright 2015 © General Church of the New Jerusalem. All Rights Reserved
Daily Inspiration
"In its essence, marriage love is nothing else than the willing of two to be one, that is, their desire that the two lives shall become one life."Married Love 215
Subscribe