https://www.cityyear.org/privacy-policy/
be_ixf;ym_202012 d_11; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26
https://www.cityyear.org/privacy-policy/
https://www.cityyear.org/privacy-policy/
Learn more about City Year’s response to COVID-19
X
Privacy policy
City Year values and respects the privacy of all of our website visitors and e-mail recipients. The privacy policy below details our practices for collecting, using and disclosing personally identifiable information. This Website (www.cityyear.org) is maintained and operated by City Year, Inc.
Information Provided by You to City Year
There are various donation, application and sign-up sections on our Website containing input forms which require your name, e-mail address and other information. By submitting such forms, you give us permission to contact you with messages that are related to your interest in City Year, Inc.
All disclosure to us is voluntary and you may at any time decide to rescind the information you provided to us by contacting us directly at HQCommunications@cityyear.org.
Information Tracked by City Year
City Year, Inc. collects Web usage statistics strictly for the purpose of managing and maintaining our Websites. All such information is anonymous. The uses of this data are for technical and/or content-development purposes, such as troubleshooting, detecting security risks, and optimizing navigation and other features.
We use various software programs that summarize visitor activity data, which may include: TCP/IP addresses, URLs visited on the City Year Website, and referring Websites, applications and sources.
Also, like many others, this site uses cookies to help us personalize your experience. Cookies allow websites to store your preferences so that it can recognize you when you come back and can respond appropriately.
Except as might be required by law, we do not share, sell, rent or otherwise disclose any information we receive from you with any third parties.
Data Security
City Year uses various security measures to ensure the safety of your personal information. We strive to follow best practices regarding network and server configuration, firewalls, security patches and other measures to protect all data on City Year systems. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures will prevent the theft or unintentional disclosure of personally identifiable data.
City Year staff will never ask you to supply sensitive financial and personal information over the phone or email.
Donor Privacy Policy
City Year, Inc. is committed to cultivating and maintaining strong relationships with our donors built on mutual trust. The privacy policy applies to collection of information, including information collected on our website. By submitting your information to us or to any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing personal information for the purposes stated in the donor policy section below.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other Websites that may contain information of interest to our visitors, and for the purpose of submitting online donations. City Year takes no responsibility for, and exercises no control over, third part organizations’ privacy policies, security practices, views or the accuracy of any information contained on other such Websites.
Accessibility
City Year strives to provide a Web site that is accessible to all visitors. Please contact us at webmaster@cityyear.org if you have problems accessing any part of our Website.
Using Text and Images
All information provided on this Website that is not secured is considered public information. Logos of Leadership Sponsors and other partners on the City Year website are the trademarks of their respective companies. All other images, including the City Year logo and patch, are copyrighted material and may not be reused without explicit written permission from City Year, Inc. Please contact the Communications department at HQCommunications@cityyear.org for permission to use text or images.
E-mail
When you submit your e-mail address to this site we use your contact information to send you communications such as local and national newsletters, special campaigns, events, and AmeriCorps member experience and other e-mail messages that you request.
When you start or complete an online application for AmeriCorps membership, we may use the information you provided to respond to your communication. We may also archive this information for future communications with you.
Please note, official City Year communications will come from @cityyear.org email addresses. City Year staff will never ask you to supply sensitive financial and personal information directly to them via phone or email.
Unsubscribe from City Year Communication Lists
City Year, Inc. will occasionally send e-mail to subscribers who have not opted out of our email communications. If you receive any email originating from City Year, Inc. in error, please send an email to newscityyear@cityyear.org with ‘Remove’ in the subject line.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
City Year reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notification. Any such changes will be reflected on this Privacy Policy page. Andy change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our website. Please check this page periodically for changes or updates that may affect you.
International Users
Our Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you access the Website from any region or country with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us. Here are some examples of ways in which we may collect your information.
When you request information via one of the email addresses identified on our website or otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question. We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and
payment information when
you make
a contribution, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by City Year, Inc. From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
Use and disclosure of private information
We safeguard, according to high standards of security and confidentiality, any information our donors share with us.
We will only share your personal information if you give us specific permission to do so.
We will permit only a limited number of authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of donor information, to have access to that information. Employees who violate our Privacy Policy will be subject to our disciplinary process.
We will not sell, trade, or share your personal information, collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of others.
We will use the personal information to protect against potential fraud. We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation. If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you.
To review that information please contact us in writing at City Year Development, 287 Columbus Ave, Boston, MA 02116.
Changes to donor privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will note the last update. For changes to this policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to your primary email address and home address specified in our records and by placing a prominent notice on our website.
National Strategic Partners
National Partners