http://www.fticonsulting.com/services/economic-consulting/center-for-healthcare-economics-and-policy
Economic Consulting
Added To Folio
Add To Folio
00
This is your FTI Folio.
Save items to your Folio by clicking on the icon on any page.
Share your Folio items by email.
Go To FTI Folio
Economic Consulting
Antitrust & Competition Economics
Applied Statistical Data Sciences
Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy
Economic Impact Analysis
Intellectual Property
International Arbitration
Labor & Employment
Market Modeling
Power
Natural Gas & LNG
Coal
Public Policy
Regulated Industries
Securities, Commodities & Derivatives
Securities Litigation & Risk Management
Valuation
Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy
Meet the Center's Advisory Board Members
More
The experienced healthcare professionals at the Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy (Center) work closely with clients to provide data-driven strategy
solutions to complex issues based on rigorous economic analyses and modeling.
The Center applies cutting-edge economics and quantitative methods to assist clients in developing and implementing market-based solutions across a wide spectrum of healthcare activity – and on issues in other industries. Our advanced capabilities and extensive datasets address effects of major policy, regulatory, or significant and disruptive changes on healthcare systems or communities locally, nationally or internationally. We provide predictive modeling capable of evaluating complex “what-if” scenarios for both public and private stakeholders.
The Center works with a wide range of clients, including businesses, insurers, healthcare systems, government, and multi-sector collaboratives. We bring a multi-disciplinary team composed of Ph.D. economists, analytic consultants, advanced industry experts, and predictive modelers. We have the ability to bring additional experts and practitioners from across FTI Consulting’s other disciplines and practices, including strategic communications, corporate finance, and healthcare. Our extensive experience and specialized expertise spans domains of regulatory and policy, mergers and acquisitions, disputes, strategic and management consulting, competition, and assessment of private equity issues such as market sizing.
The Center works with public and private sector clients, including providers, insurers, employers, government, and public-private collaboratives to address current and forecasted opportunities by facilitating optimal solutions grounded in solid data analysis.
Click here for more information.
Featured Insights
Convergence of Public Health and the Economic Impact of Poor Health
Read Service Sheet
Medicare for All and the Future of America’s Health Care Workforce
Read report
Healthcare Economics Advisory Services Brochure
Read brochure
More Info
Share this page
Key Contacts
Margaret E. Guerin-Calvert
Senior Managing Director, President, Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy
Susan H. Manning, Ph.D.
Senior Managing Director – Chief Operating Officer, Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy
Insights
Article: Health & Economic Impact of COVID-19
Service Sheet: Healthcare Commercial Due Diligence
Service Sheet: Policy Analysis: Economic Thinking & Unique Insight
Article: Issues in Equity, Cost-Effectiveness and Utilisation Relating to Digital Health
Service Sheet: Healthcare Transformation Reform Model
View All Economic Consulting Insights
Related Pages
Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy
FTI Consulting Industries