http://www.celestialcreations.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
Celestial Creations Publications Inc ("Celestial Creations Publications")
operates celestialcreations.net and may operate other websites. It
is Celestial Creations Publication's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Celestial Creations Publications collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Celestial Creations Publication's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Celestial Creations Publication's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Celestial Creations Publications may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Celestial Creations Publications also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on celestialcreations.net
blogs/sites. Celestial Creations Publications only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Celestial Creations Publication's websites choose to interact
with Celestial Creations Publications in ways that require Celestial Creations Publications to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Celestial Creations Publications gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at celestialcreations.net to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Celestial Creations Publications are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Celestial Creations Publications collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Celestial Creations Publications. Celestial Creations Publications does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Celestial Creations Publications may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Celestial Creations Publications may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Celestial Creations Publications does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Celestial Creations Publications discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Celestial Creations Publication's behalf or to provide services available
at Celestial Creations Publication's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Celestial Creations Publication's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Celestial Creations Publications will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Celestial Creations Publications discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Celestial Creations Publications believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Celestial Creations Publications, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Celestial Creations Publications website and have supplied your email address, Celestial Creations Publications
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Celestial Creations Publications and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Celestial Creations Publications takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Celestial Creations Publications uses cookies to
help Celestial Creations Publications identify and track visitors, their usage of Celestial Creations Publications
website, and their website access preferences. Celestial Creations Publications visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Celestial Creations Publication's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Celestial Creations Publication's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Celestial Creations Publications, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Celestial Creations Publications goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Celestial Creations Publications may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Celestial Creations Publications and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Celestial Creations Publications may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Celestial Creations Publication's sole
discretion. Celestial Creations Publications encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a celestialcreations.net account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
FacebookInstagramLinkedInTwitter
Recent Posts
The Human Eye Described by an Eye Doctor in Boca Raton Florida
The Face of an Exceptional Child
How To Prevent Yard Work Related Injuries
Treatment Options for Dry Eye Disease
Legal Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaaFyZNq9zUMedical Helphttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oFQzvPUzeUHome Improvement Ideashttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a95ldBbwrcFamily Relationshipshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoZs6CctNsATop Tech Tipshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoT0-2vu9m4Categories
Family
Health
Home Improvement
Recent Posts
The Human Eye Described by an Eye Doctor in Boca Raton Florida
The Face of an Exceptional Child
How To Prevent Yard Work Related Injuries
Treatment Options for Dry Eye Disease