http://www.bothends.org/en/Extra/privacy/
TwitterYoutubeLinkedIn
Nederlandse versie
Search
Main Page Navigation
Our work
Main themes
Climate justice
Public finance
Trade and investments
Land & water governance
Human rights and gender
Alternatives
Dossiers in the spotlight
What's new
News
Press
Publications
Blogs
Events
Cooperation
Partner organisations
Networks
Funders
About Both ENDS
Our strategy
Annual report
Employees
Board
Vacancies
Contact
Home
>
Extra
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Both ENDS, we value your privacy. In this Privacy Statement, you can read what personal information Both ENDS collects when you visit our website, how we use that information and what you can do if you have a question or complaint about the way we obtain or use your personal information.
1. What personal information do we collect?
When you visit this website, Both ENDS may collect personal information about you:
Information about how you use the website (e.g. the pages you visit, the type of browser and operating system you use; see 'cookies');
Information that you provide when registering for one of our newsletters or events (e.g. your name and email address);
Information that you provide when donating to Both ENDS (e.g. your name and payment details);
2. What does Both ENDS do with your information?
Both ENDS may use your personal information to:
Administer its website;
Enable you to access and use its website services;
Send you information about the event you registered for;
Send you the newsletter you subscribed to;
In the event that we need to disclose your personal information to our agents or sub-contractors for these purposes (e.g. to a webdeveloper), the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Both ENDS will not disclose your personal information to other parties, except in the unlikely event that we are legally obliged to do so.
3. Storing and deleting your personal information
We store your personal information in the following ways and no longer than necessary:
Information about how you use the website: we collect this in an anonymous way (see 'cookies')
Information you provide when you subscribe to our newsletter: we store this information in our MailChimp e-mail list. You can unsubscribe at any time by using the link in a newsletter or by contacting us. We will delete personal information within three months after unsubscribing.
Information you provide when registering for events: we store this information on our secure server. We will delete your personal information after we no longer need it for the organization of the event.
Information you provide when donating to Both ENDS: this information is processed by our bank (Triodos) and appears on our bank statements. We store bank statements as long as we are required by law.
4. Cookies
Both ENDS' website, like most websites, uses small text files called cookies. A cookie is a tiny element of data that our website can send to your browser, and may then be stored on your computer or mobile device.
The Both ENDS website uses two cookies:
Google Analytics Cookie: Both ENDS uses Google Analytics within its website so that we can monitor and learn from activity on our website. Google Analytics cookies collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. We can't trace this information back to a computer or individual. More information.
Google Translate Cookie: The website uses Google Translate to present its content in other languages. When you use this widget to translate a page, Google will temprarily store the metadata of this request. More information.
If you wish to delete, restrict or block cookies, you can set your internet browser to do so.
5. Third-party services
In general, any third-party services used by us (e.g. video hosting websites) will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Statement.
6. How do we get your consent?
If you accept cookies on our websites, provide us with personal information to register for a newsletter or event, or make a donation, you give your consent to our collecting your personal information and using it for that specific reason only.
7. Your rights
You have the following rights regarding our processing of your personal information:
the right to access, rectify and erase the personal information Both ENDS has collected about you;
the right to restrict or object to processing of your personal information;
the right to withdraw consent to our processing of your personal information;
the right to complain to the Dutch privacy authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) about the way we process your personal information.
You can do any of the above by contacting us.
8. Updating this statement
Both ENDS may update this Privacy Statement by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
9. Other websites
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. The inclusion of a link to another site does not imply Both ENDS' endorsement of that site's privacy policies, practices or content.
Last updated: May 24th 2018