http://www.goddessflight.com/privacy.html
Astrology
Birth Report
Past Life Astrology
Location Astrocartography
Daily Transit Forecast
Love Compatibility
Lunar Forecast
Spiritual Astrology
Womens Astrology
Life Purpose Astrology
In-Depth Astrology
Horoscopes
Daily Horoscope
The Week Ahead
Monthly Forecast 2018
Zodiac Sign Traits
Love Compatibility
Chinese Zodiac
Horoscopes
Tarot
Tarot Card of the Day
2018 Tarot Forecast
3 Card Tarot Reading
32 Card Life Overview Tarot
Love Tarot Reading
Relationship Tarot
Career & Purpose
Manifestation Tarot
Horoscope Tarot
Spiritual Guidance
Celtic Cross Reading
Future Fortune Tarot
Angels & Goddesses
Angel Readings
Goddess Reading
Ask an Angel
15 Archangels
Goddess Oracle Guidance
Goddess Pantheon
Your Goddess Sign
Your Guardian Angels
Love & Relationships
Numerology Compatibility
Astrological Compatibility
Relationship Skills Report
Zodiac Sign Chart Compatibility
Gay Astrology
Spiritual Guidance & Divination
Astrology Articles
Learn Tarot
Love, Soulmate Help
Love Match Calculator
Sex Quiz
Intimacy Advice
Numerology Tarot Life Cards
Ask the Crystal Ball
Animal Spirits Oracle
Daily Affirmations
I Ching
Decision Maker
Personality Types
Psychic Development
Main
Power Packages
Free Goddess eCards
Home
F.A.Q.
Contact
Cart
PRIVACY POLICY
BY VISITING goddessflight.com, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR
PRIVACY POLICY.
OVERVIEW
Goddess Flight is committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect through this website at goddessflight.com (the “Site”), and how we collect and use that information.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refers to Goddess Flight. The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to site visitors, customers, and any other users of the site.
The term “personal information” is defined as information that you voluntarily provide to us that personally identifies you and/or your contact information, such as your name, phone number, and email address.
The terms “Service” refers to all website page content, blog post content, email newsletter content, free downloadable content (including but not limited to PDFs, ebooks, infographics, etc), digital products for sale, membership groups for sale, and one-on-one or small group coaching for sale.
Use of Goddess Flight, including all materials presented herein and all online services provided by Goddess Flight, is subject to the following Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all site visitors, customers, and all other users of the site. By using the Site or Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This Site only collects the personal information you voluntarily1 provide to us, which
may include:
ñ  Your payment information. We collect payment information for each order but we do not store payment information on Goddess Flight servers. Your payment information is securely communicated to and processed via our e-commerce software providers.
ñ  All personal information collected for an order is used for the fulfillment of that order and to manage our customer relationship with you.
ñ  Your full name, email address, website and comments in order to post a comment on our blog.
ñ  Your full name, email address and company name in order to subscribe to our newsletter and receive our free content.
The information you provide is used to process transactions, send periodic emails, and improve the service we provide. We do share your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating
our website, conducting our business and servicing clients and visitors. These trusted third parties agree to keep this information confidential. Your personal information will never be shared with unrelated third parties.
ACTIVITY
We may record information relating to your use of the Site, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information. We use this type of information to administer the Site and provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site.
COOKIES
We may send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. The term “cookies” refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the Site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies using your web browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Site may not work properly or at all.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Site may contain links to third party websites. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our Site. Other sites accessible through our site via links or otherwise have their own policies in regard to privacy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
SECURITY
We maintain security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, misuse, or disclosure. However, no exchange of data over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. While we make every effort to protect your personal information shared with us through our Site, you acknowledge that the personal information you voluntarily share with us through this Site could be
accessed or tampered with by a third party. You agree that we are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through our Site without our knowledge or permission. Additionally, you release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of such intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
CHILDREN
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years old or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into this Privacy Policy. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using the Site.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
You may access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us via email at webmaster@goddessflight.com.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. We will notify you of any changes to this privacy policy by posting those changes on this page.
CONTACT
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at goddessflightcsr at gmail.com.
Updated: June 2014
Alternative Healing | Divination | Past Lives & Reincarnation | Self-Help Articles
Archangels & Angels | Be a Divine Goddess | Psychic Development & Protection | Spiritual Growth
Astrology & Zodiac Signs | Numerology | Love, Soulmates & Relationships | Learn about Tarot Card Reading
The Major Goddesses | How to Heal Your Heart | 15 Archangels | Are you an Empath? | How to Do a Tarot Reading
12 Zodiac Signs | What is a Spiritual Relationship? | Twin Flame or Soul Mate? | What's Your Goddess Sign?
Love Sign Horoscopes | Types of Psychic Attacks | 7 Characteristics of a Toxic Relationship |
Secrets of Prosperity
Tarot Reading: Which Questions Can You Ask and When | 10 Interesting Facts about Archangel Michael
Ground, Center, Shield | Compatibility and Numerology - Finding the Right Partner for a Relationship