http://www.meneolawgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Why MLG
About
FAQs
Reasons to Hire
Results
Dangerous Drugs
Zantac®
Valsartan
Uloric
Defective Products
Combat Arms™ Earplugs
Talc Powder
JUUL e-Cigarettes
Personal Injury
Priest and Clergy Sexual Abuse
Boarding School Abuse
Uber and Lyft Sexual Assault
Toll Free:
1-888-276-3030 1-888-276-3030
Home  /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and, as our guest, we would like you to be aware of our policies regarding privacy and your use of our site. Accordingly, following is a statement of our policies:
Submission, Gathering and Use of Information – In General
Most information that we gather about visitors to our site is submitted to us voluntarily. However, in compliance with the law and when we believe doing so will assist us in providing better information and service to our visitors, we may gather, retain and use other information about our visitors. We take reasonable steps to protect all such information from unauthorized use, access or release.
Submission/Gathering/Use of Information
Visitors seeking information about legal services and their particular situations may request to learn more, speak with us and have the opportunity to ask questions and receive meaningful answers. To address these requests in a manner that provides optimum service and responses, from time-to-time we may share information that has been submitted to us with our co-counsel. In such situations, information is shared with co-counsel in a discreet, attorney-to-attorney relationship, in which reasonable safeguards are observed to maintain the privacy of the information.
Cookies
From time to time, we may utilize "cookies" to improve our site and to enhance our ability to provide information and service to our visitors. "Cookies" are files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your Internet/Web browser. These "cookies" identify you as a prior visitor and let us know how you found us on the Internet. "Cookies" are also used to retrieve information, which you have previously submitted to us thereby alerting us to which information and features are of interest to you. This helps us improve the content and quality of the information we provide to you and other visitors.