https://www.unops.org/privacy
The United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS)
Privacy
Personal informationThis section is about how and why UNOPS collects and uses personal information, and it applies to anyone whose personal data we collect, including personnel, suppliers, visitors to our website or recruitment portal, and third parties. ‘Personal data’ is any information that can be used to identify a natural person. It includes identifiers such as your name, address or email address.At UNOPS, we are committed to protecting your privacy. It is important that you are aware of how and why we are using your information.Collection of your personal informationIf you provide us with your personal data through the use of our website, recruitment portal, or from another party or from information you have made public, we will collect, process and store your information for the purposes outlined on this page.How we use your information
We process your personal data for various purposes including:Recruitment and employmentSending newsletters and other types of external communicationsOperation of our legitimate business interests and that of third parties, including pursuing business and strategic objectivesNetwork and information securitySharing your information
We may need to disclose your information to third parties, including other UN agencies and providers in order to deliver key services. We may also share your information for other legitimate purposes. If we transfer your personal data with third-parties we will ensure that we adhere to relevant data protection best practices. We ensure that any third party we share your personal data with will be bound to keep your information safe and confidential. We will seek to have contractual arrangements in place that require the third party to adhere to relevant data protection best practices or we will seek your consent to transfer your information. We will also share your information with any party that you specifically request us to.How we keep your information secure
We store the information you provide about yourself using appropriate systems. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your information and the resilience of our systems and services. We review our information security measures regularly to mitigate risks, including accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to your personal data.Retention of your information
We will retain your personal data for as long as needed to fulfill the legitimate purposes for which it was collected. We will also retain your information in order to comply with our organizational requirements and policies. We will thereafter delete or securely dispose of your personal data in accordance with our retention policies.How you can access or correct your information
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes.You may update the information you provided to us directly through the tools available in our platforms.
In accordance with data protection best practices, you may request access to or removal of your personal data or you may object to processing by contacting ciso@unops.org. Please note that a request for removal of your information or any other restriction on our ability to process your personal data may mean that we are unable to provide you with the relevant services associated with that personal data.CookiesUNOPS employs other companies to perform analytical functions that help UNOPS better understand how Users navigate the UNOPS website. These functions involve the use of first and third-party cookies which are identifiers that enable web browsers to store information about Users visiting the UNOPS website. Other third parties, such as Facebook and Twitter, may use cookies to collect and receive data on Users in order to provide UNOPS with measurement services and target advertisements. Use of this website constitutes consent to the collection and use of information as described in this privacy notice.Furthermore, UNOPS treats all User information with confidentiality and third parties will not disclose User information to other advertisers unless User permission is given, or the third-party is required to do so by law. UNOPS, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of User information. Users that do not wish to have their information collected may choose to disable new cookies on their web browser as well as disable cookies altogether. Additionally, Users may choose to change their browser settings to disable flash cookies which remain on your browser after deleting cookies.The following links may also be accessed to opt-out of the collection and use of user information:https://www.youronlinechoices.com/https://optout.aboutads.info/
Business Opportunities
JobsNewsletter
Climate change has a foe - resilient infrastructure
Let's Be Friends
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Contact Us UNOPS Headquarters
Marmorvej 51, PO Box 26952100 Copenhagen, DenmarkTel: +45 4533 7500Sign up for Updates
First name
Last name
Enter your Email address
Sign up
Legal
Privacy notice
Report wrongdoing
Terms of use
© 2020 UNOPS
To Top
Close Photogallery (ESC)