http://www.ethicalconsumer.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
You are in:
Home
About Ethical Consumer
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Share this:
Wednesday 30th of May 2018
Welcome to the terms and conditions for www.ethicalconsumer.org. These terms and conditions explain your rights and obligations which apply to both subscribers and all visitors to the site.
Please read them carefully as your continued use of this website indicates that you accept these terms and conditions.
Please contact us with any enquiries, comments or complaints.
Terms and Conditions for Subscribers and for visitors to www.ethicalconsumer.org
Ethical Consumer Research Association Ltd will hereinafter be referred to as 'ECRA'.
SUBSCRIBERS
1. You can cancel at any time in the first 30 days for a full refund by emailing  shop@ethicalconsumer.org or phoning us on 0161 226 2929.
2. Your website access is set to end at midnight on the same date in the following year.
We will send renewal reminders to you letting you know when this will happen and inviting you to renew. Where no renewal payment is made, access will automatically expire at the end of the subscription period.
3. If you have ordered a Print product you will receive your first copy of Ethical Consumer print magazine within 7 to 10 days of your order.  Please contact us at the address below if it appears to be taking longer.
If you have a Digital-only subscription, we will email to notify you each time a flipbook / PDF version of the magazine has been uploaded to the website.
4. Your subscription includes 12 months access to all of the product score-tables, company profile information, story references, and subscriber discounts on the website.  It also allows you to freely download digitally all copies of Back Issues of the magazine that are available.
If you have a valid, current, paid-up subscription and, for some reason, you are unable to access these facilities please contact us by emailing shop@ethicalconsumer.org or phoning us on 0161 226 2929.
THE WEBSITE
5. ECRA offers web access to www.ethicalconsumer.org via computer server facilities located in the UK. ECRA reserves the right to make modifications and improvements to the said services and notice of substantial changes will be supplied to subscribers.
6. www.ethicalconsumer.org may be searched 24 hours a day and seven days a week. However, due to the inherent hazards of electronic distribution and the internet, there may be delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in accessing the website. If www.ethicalconsumer.org becomes unavailable for any reason, users can contact ECRA on 0161 226 2929
7. The account owner is responsible for the confidentiality and use of their user name and password and all activity under their user name and password.
COPYRIGHT & PERMITTED USE
8. The information contained in www.ethicalconsumer.org and in all downloadable PDF files on this website is the property of ECRA and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
ECRA grants to users a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the information in www.ethicalconsumer.org for personal purposes.
Users may therefore:
i) display information retrieved from www.ethicalconsumer.org on the screen of a terminal
ii) print a copy of information retrieved from www.ethicalconsumer.org. Any printouts using or referencing content from www.ethicalconsumer.org shall contain the following copyright notice: “Copyright © Ethical Consumer”, and you may not delete of alter the copyright notice included on any file.
9. Users agree not to reproduce, retransmit, photocopy, distribute, disseminate, sell publish, broadcast or circulate information taken from www.ethicalconsumer.org to anyone else without the express prior written consent of ECRA.
Specifically, users may not publish in any form:
a) the text of reports
b) ratings, summaries, tables or analyses of ratings
without the express prior written permission of ECRA.
Users are also expressly prohibited from using or permitting the use of the information to prepare an original database or a comparison to other databases that are sold, rented, published in many manner to a third party.
10. ECRA reserves the right to monitor your use of the service to ensure compliance with this Agreement.
If such monitoring indicates that you are not in compliance with this Agreement then ECRA reserves the right to take such action as it deems necessary, including but not limited to, suspension or termination of the account.
Systematic access or extraction of content from www.ethicalconsumer.org, including the use of ‘bots’ or ‘spiders’, is prohibited.
LIMITATIONS
11. While ECRA makes reasonable efforts to ensure that there are no substantial inaccuracies or defects in the information comprised within the services or in the software used to make the services available, it makes no representations or warranties expressed or implied including but not limited as to the accuracy, completeness, currentness, non infringement, merchantability, or fitness of the services for any purpose whatsoever.
12. Neither ECRA nor its agents shall be liable to the subscriber or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by its negligence of contingencies beyond its control in procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or delivering the information in www.ethicalconsumer.org.
In no event will ECRA or its agents be liable to the subscriber or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by the subscriber or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by the subscriber in reliance on such information, or for direct, consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Subscribers and users agree that the liability of ECRA and its agents, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim in any way connected with the information contained within www.ethicalconsumer.org, shall not exceed the amount the subscriber paid to ECRA for access to the service.
GENERAL / OTHER
13. Access to the service for a public, academic or commercial library is intended for in-library use only. The subscriber agrees to make reasonable efforts to inform authorised users that they may not systematically reproduce, photocopy, distribute or disseminate information taken from www.ethicalconsumer.org for any commercial purpose.
14. Should the user or subscriber be in breach of any of the conditions contained herein, and having been notified of such breach failed to remedy same ECRA may summarily terminate this agreement without compensation.
15. Registration data and other information about you is subject to ECRA’s Privacy Policy. The privacy statement appears on the website as a link at the bottom of each page (in the footer).
16. The subscriber may not assign rights hereunder to a third party without the consent in writing of ECRA.
17. The rights and duties of the parties shall be governed by the laws of England.
18. Notices for the purpose of this Contract may be given by post or email in both cases to the last address notified to the notifying party.
The address for notice to ECRA is Ethical Consumer, Unit 21, 41 Old Birley Street, Hulme, Manchester, M15 5RF, UK.
By email to shop@ethicalconsumer.org
Share this:
We always check the ethics of our advertisers
Sign up now to our email newsletter
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Sign up