https://www.wcr.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
You must be logged in to view this content
Login
Back to Home Page
Renew your 2021 membership dues today! Click 'Renew' and log into your member profile to start the self-service renewal process.
Close site wide alert message.
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
We recognize the importance of protecting the personal information you provide at Web sites owned and/or controlled by the NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®and maintain the following privacy policy:1. We gather the following types of information needed to process your transactions, fulfill your requests, and maintain our membership records:
Contact information you provide (for example, your personal and business addresses, phone and fax numbers, firm affiliations and titles).
Tracking information which our Web server automatically recognizes each time you visit one of our sites or communicate with us by e-mail (for example, your domain name, your e-mail address, and what pages you visit); and
Information you volunteer, via applications or surveys (for example, education, designations, specialties, affiliations with other real estate organizations and general demographic data).
We use this information to:
Improve and customize the content and layout of our sites and other communications tools, such as newsletter online and print.
Notify you of updates to our sites.
Notify you of relevant products and services.
Notify you of upcoming events and programs.
Compile specialty directories about which you will be made aware.
Track usage of our sites.
Assist local and state NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS® networks in membership tracking and for their use for purposes similar to those listed above.
NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS® does not share, sell or trade e-mail addresses, but may provide you with online informational or marketing messages that have been approved by NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS® for the purposes described in Part 4 of this policy.4. We will not share, sell or otherwise provide other information about you to third parties, except for:
Some or all of the data collected during promotions or contests on our site that are sponsored by third parties may be shared with the sponsor for the limited purpose of a one-time marketing follow-up by the sponsor.
Other vendors for the limited purpose of contacting targeted groups of members, through marketing vehicles approved by NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®.
When required by law or valid legal process, or to protect the personal safety of our members or the public.
Credit information that you and credit authorizers provide when you make payments by credit card or electronic check for products, dues or other services via the Women’s Council Store will only be used to process the transactions you request. This information will be provided to and maintained by reputable credit reporting databases, but will never be sold, shared or provided to other third parties.6. We maintain security procedures and standards which we believe are as safe as today’s technology permits and modify them as new technologies become feasible.7. We utilize a strict Opt-Out policy for sending online notifications regarding services, products and programs. You may adjust your Communication Preferences by reviewing your wcr.org registration. Just Login first. Then you can change your preferences. (Examine and update your existing account).8. You may edit your personal contact information directly in the Members Profile portion of NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®.org. Note that information entered here does NOT update your records at any other Web site, including NRDS and your local REALTOR® association.9. Some of our sites contain advertising placed by advertising networks pursuant to agreements between NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®and the advertising network. We do not control these advertising networks, the sites of third parties reached through links on our site or their information collection practices and NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®will not be responsible for the activities of these third parties. The advertising network uses cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you click on the banner ads appearing on our sites. This information is collected by the advertising network for purposes of measuring and reporting on the advertising to advertisers and NATIONAL WOMEN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS®. The advertising network may also aggregate the information for certain other statistical and reporting purposes.
email: wcr@wcr.org