http://www.weddingofficiants.com/about/legal/privacy/
Privacy Policy | Wedding Officiants
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
Effective: October 1, 2019
This Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions outlined herein (“Terms”) govern the collection, storage, and use of your personal data by using or accessing to weddingofficiants.com (the “Site”), and is incorporated in its entirety into the Site’s Terms of Use (the “Agreement”), located at https://weddingofficiants.com/legal/terms/ . By using or accessing the site, you give Divine Transformation, LLC (“we,” “us,” “our,” or Company”) permission use your information in accordance with the Terms herein.
I. Your Personal Information – Collection and Use.
Through your use of the Site, you will inherently provide our Company with information simply by browsing the Site. We may collect your personal information (information that can be used to identify or contact you) through your use of the Site. The features that you use on the Site and the information you publish thereon (whether or not you intended to publish it to the public), or to others through your use of the Site, will determine what personal information that We collect. When you visit the Site, you run the risk of sharing your personal information with our Company, and potentially third parties.
Please be advised that We take reasonable measures to ensure your personal information’s safety. However, We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of your personal information that you share, and We collect, as a result of your use of the Site. Please be advised, again, that when you visit the Site, you assume the risk of sharing, disseminating, or publishing your personal information to Our Company, and potentially third parties.
We reserve the right to supplement the personal information we collect with other personal information that We identify from third-party sources. Such third-party sources include, but are not limited to, social networking sites and applications such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat.
Please be informed that We automatically collect some of your personal information during your use of the Site. Your location, for example, is collected when you attempt to use the Site’s features to research, schedule, and arrange for wedding officiant related services. The Site does not have a “Do Not Track” feature of its own, and since no global standard has been adopted for such signals, our Site does not recognize or adhere to “Do Not Track” requests. The Site also automatically collects information regarding the app, browser, or device from which you utilize the Site, upon each visit to the Site.
Specifically, information regarding your activity on the Site is tracked. Our Company’s ability to monitor which of the Site’s features are most commonly used or ignored is essential to the Site’s performance and effectiveness. This enables the Site to be effectively modified, from time to time, to best suit the needs of all Users. Your personal information may also be used to connect you with advertisements and/or products through the Site that best interest you. The Site utilizes “Cookies” and other types of data files to collect your personal information so that we can best identify each user, recall the user’s activity history on the Site, and best direct and coordinate your future interactions with the Site.
II. Your Personal Information – Where it Goes.
We reserve the right to alter and amend our Company’s uses of your personal information, from time to time, without notice to you. It is your responsibility to keep yourself informed of the terms of the Privacy Policy herein. We will not use or share your personal information through methods other than those disclosed herein, or in a latter version of the Privacy Policy herein, without first amending the Privacy Policy herein to include disclosure of such methods.
Your personal information is primarily used for the purpose of improving the Site and your enjoyment therefrom. We collect your personal information in order to best administer the Site and its features, to provide efficient and meaningful customer support, to ensure the Site’s and its features’ security, to communicate with those who utilize or visit the Site, to publish reviews submitted by the Site’s users, to protect our Company itself from liability, to conduct statistical and analytical research on the Site’s use and development, to connect you to content and advertisements, and for other purposes deemed appropriate by our Company, from time to time, within the bounds of the law.
Our Company may, and from time to time likely will, share your personal information with third-parties. You should be conscious of this fact while using the Site. This portion of the policy may be affected if you are an international user of the Site, a California resident, or a minor. However, please be advised that our services are not intended for minors and anyone under 18 years of age is expressly prohibited from using or accessing the Site. If you have any questions about how your status as an international user or California resident affects how the Privacy Policy herein applies to you, please feel free to contact us using our contact form located at https://weddingofficiants.com/about/contact/ .
III. Other Considerations.
As previously stated, We do not guarantee or warrant the security of your personal information collected through your use of the Site. We maintain appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, but cannot guarantee that they will be effective in every possible scenario against potential threats. You may, and should, take additional measures, on your own accord, to secure your personal information while using the Site, by keeping confidential your login credentials for the Site. You should also be wary as to whom you share your payment information with when entering into transactions for services with other users on the Site.
We retain your information indefinitely unless you contact us and submit a formal request for us to delete it. Until, if, and when such a situation occurs, you should be conscious of the information that you inherently share with our Company through your use of the Site. We require the same standards of privacy and security of third-parties represented on or through the Site, specifically Service Providers, but We cannot guarantee said third parties’ adherences to such policies or their effectiveness in adhering or attempting to adhere to such policies. Therefore, please be cautious when accessing links to other Sites through the Site, and when conducting business or entering into transactions through the Site.
Primary SidebarFind a Wedding Officiant
Find
Popular Articles
Advice for Engaged Couples
What is a Wedding Officiant?
How to Find a Wedding Officiant
Hiring a Wedding Officiant
Wedding Officiant Cost