http://www.cyndislist.com/software/privacy/
Follow Cyndi
|
About Cyndi
|
FAQs
Search Cyndi's List
HOME
CATEGORIES
WHAT'S NEW
SHOP
SUPPORT US
Advertisements
Why Donate to Cyndi's List?
Advertisements
Advertisements
Categories
Follow Us
Mailing List
Browse New Links
Submit a New Link
Report a Broken Link
Update a Link
Shop
Cyndi's ListGenealogy Store
Cyndi's List Boutique
Advertisements
Advertisements
Software & Computers » Privacy Issues
12 Links
Thinking of putting a genealogy web site online? Do you post family information on mailing lists or newsgroups? Are you considering publishing your family history research? Please remember your family members and their right to privacy before you publish any personal information or place it online. Use some of the software utilities below to remove any information about living individuals from your GEDCOM file before generating reports and web pages. Read the articles below for advice and current opinions on this topic.
Articles and other online privacy resources:
Updated
Ancestry.com - Privacy in Genealogy : A Progress Report
By Candace L. Doriott.
Genealogical computing v. 20.2 (Fall 2000). She is presenting the background regarding privacy issues in genealogy. She is discussing the attitudes and changes towards privacy issues. Includes a bibliography at the end of the article.
Ancestry.com - Respect Privacy When Posting Family Information
Reminding researchers to be aware of the need to preserve the the privacy of living family members.
LEGAL-ENGWLS Mailing List
For the discussion and sharing of information regarding the legal aspects of genealogical research in England and Wales including copyright, database rights, data protection, and privacy. Archives: browse or
search.
National Genealogical Society | Guidelines for Sharing Information with Others
National Genealogical Society's standards regarding the sharing of genealogical research between researchers. It prescribes the importance of privacy of living family members, but also respect of copyright and other people's work.
Oxymoron : Privacy and the Internet / by Myra Vanderpool Gormley, CG
Discusses the importance of remembering to consider the privacy of our living family members while we are communicating online and publishing online our various works. This article is found on the St. Clair County, Michigan website with permission from the author.
Privacy Issues - Cregan Ancestry
Free buttons for other genealogy websites to promote public awareness in regard to privacy issues and genealogy.
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
Software:
Dave Naylor's Genealogy Program GeDStrip
The GeDStrip program creates HTML web pages from a standard GeDCom (available as an output file from most genealogy database programs). It excludes all data about living individuals from those pages, as well as all links for the remaining individuals.
GED2GO (GEDCOMs to go)
A utility program which automatically finds and removes living persons from GEDCOM files. GED2GO Version 4 runs on Windows 95, 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista or later. Current Version is 4.02, November 9, 2007.
Res Privata
For Windows. An easy to use application for filtering private data from genealogy database (GEDCOM or GED) files. It can filter birth, death, marriage, adoption, notes, source and other details.
Advertisements
Advertisements
Site Map|
Disclaimers|
Terms of Use|
Privacy Policy|
Copyright|
Contact Us|
FAQs|
Donate
Copyright © 1996-2020 Cyndi Ingle, CyndisList.com. All Rights Reserved.
Follow me
Designed and developed by fusionSpan