http://www.multistate.com/privacy-policy
2021 Session Prep Toolkit
Privacy Policy
MultiState values your privacy while visiting our website.
Here are a few items to note for your visit:
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer, mobile or other Internet-connected devices by your web browser. They are used to store items such as user preferences or files used by most websites to facilitate the functionality and usability of the website.
Cookies contain information about your use of a particular website but do not include any personally-identifying information by themselves (for example, they do not store your name or address).
MultiState uses cookies with Google Analytics to help track website visits and page views.
To find out more about cookies and your choices, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Forms
MultiState uses contact forms on our website to gather visitor’s information and to sign-up for our newsletters. We gather information (name, email) that will only be used for business outreach or to receive our updates.
We do not share or sell our contact or subscription lists with anyone at any time.
You can opt-out or unsubscribe from our updates anytime, either from clicking the unsubscribe link in our update emails or by contacting info@multistate.us.
Consulting Disclaimer
MultiState publishes this website for our clients, friends, and other interested visitors for information purposes only. The contents of the site do not constitute advice and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the firm or any of its professionals or clients. The site provides general information, which may or may not be correct, complete, or current at the time of reading. The content is not intended to be used as a substitute for specific advice or opinions. No recipients of content from this site should act or refrain from acting on the basis of content of the site without seeking appropriate advice or other professional counseling. MultiState expressly disclaims all liability relating to actions taken or not taken based on any or all contents of the site.
The transmission of information to and from this site, in part or in whole, does not create, and receipt does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship between senders and/or recipients and MultiState. Any communication through the website or through email does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship.
MultiState is not responsible for and does not necessarily endorse any third-party content that may be accessible through this website. MultiState expressly disclaims all liability for any actions taken or not taken based on any or all the content of any third-party sites.