http://www.nicwa.org/privacy-policy/
MEMBER LOGIN
DONATE NOW!
Privacy Policy
We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information collected and stored automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the NICWA website from another website, the address of that website.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If you send us personal information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information and services that you request. If you submit your resume through our website, we use your personal identification information only in considering your application for employment. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. The information you provide is not given to any private organizations or private persons. NICWA does not collect or use information for commercial marketing.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which NICWA has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
The National Indian Child Welfare Association (NICWA) is dedicated to the well-being of American Indian and Alaska Native children and families.
Search for:
Site Map / Privacy Policy
Contact Us
5100 S Macadam Ave Suite 300 Portland, OR 97239(503) 222-4044info@nicwa.org
Follow Us
FollowFollowFollow
Donate
Sign Up For Our Latest News Today!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
×
×
×
×
×
×