https://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/rob-commentary/how-a-modest-tax-change-can-help-low-income-families-and-lower-inequality/article26623984/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
WAYNE SIMPSON and HARVEY STEVENS
Contributed to The Globe and Mail
Published October 2, 2015
Updated October 2, 2015
Published October 2, 2015
This article was published more than 5 years ago. Some information in it may no longer be current.
Comments
Share
Text Size
Wayne Simpson is professor of economics at the University of Manitoba and a research fellow of the School of Public Policy at the University of Calgary; Harvey Stevens is a professional affiliate with the department of economics at the University of Manitoba There is much discussion about how to address income inequality, including calls to expand income security for low-income Canadians with some form of a guaranteed annual income. But revamping Canada's income security system is not the only way forward nor is it necessarily the most attractive option. The current tax system contains more than $80-billion of tax credits which are non-refundable, which means that low-income Canadians who do not have sufficient taxes owing cannot benefit from them in the same fashion as higher-income taxpayers. While tax filers will be most familiar with the basic personal amount at the top of Schedule 1 of the federal income tax form, other credits for age, eligible dependents, employment and education are also important.
Story continues below advertisement
Our recent research paper evaluates the effect of converting these non-refundable credits to refundable credits in the fashion of existing credits such as the Goods and Services Tax Credit and the Working Income Tax Credit and the recently replaced National Child Benefit. A refundable credit simply converts any excess between the credit and taxes owing to a refundable benefit, allowing low-income tax filers to realize the benefits of these tax credits that already accrue to higher-income tax filers. Using the Statistics Canada Social Policy Simulator, we evaluate simple and feasible changes to the current tax system that would make all currently non-refundable tax credits refundable. The effect of these changes is to direct significant benefits to Canada's poorest families at a modest additional cost.
For example, a very simple option that sets the maximum benefit at 15 per cent of the total value of currently non-refundable tax credits for each family and reduces the benefit by $15 for every $100 of taxable income would raise the incomes of Canada's poorest families – those with incomes less than one half the Statistics Canada Low-Income Cut-off – by more than $2,000, or 28 per cent. These benefits would decline for families with higher incomes until they virtually disappear for families with incomes exceeding 150 per cent of the cutoff, as the benefits are targeted to poorer families. The cost of this adjustment to the current tax credit system would be $6.6-billion, which is in the range of current proposals to deliver benefits to families in the form of income splitting, enhanced child benefits and other niche tax credit initiatives, but with a much larger effect in reducing family and child poverty. Other simulations show that even greater benefits to poor families can be realized with slightly more complex programs. Introducing an exemption on income – as is the case for some current refundable tax credits – of up to 25 per cent of the Low-Income Cut-off, with a benefit reduction of $20 for every $100 of taxable income thereafter, could improve the incomes of Canada's poorest families by an additional 10 per cent at an additional cost of $600-million. Allowing the benefit reduction rate to vary by family size, as in the National Child Benefit, could deliver the same benefits to low-income families at lower cost. For example, setting benefit reduction rates that rise from 11 per cent for single individuals to 27 per cent for families with five or more would also raise the incomes of Canada's poorest families by more than $2,000, or about 29 per cent, at a reduced cost of $5.2-billion. A modest change to the tax system that converts existing non-refundable tax credits to credits that are refundable constitutes an effective step toward improved income security for Canada's poorest families in the fashion of a guaranteed annual income. The new benefits would be almost entirely realized by families below or near Statistics Canada's Low-Income Cut-off and so the poorest families would benefit the most. Tweaking the tax system in this way could potentially improve the fairness of tax filing while addressing Canadian income inequality.
Story continues below advertisement
While the study does not consider provincial and territorial action along the same lines, their participation would provide additional benefits to low-income families of a comparable nature.
Related articles
Why conservative governments ought to embrace a higher minimum wage
Subscriber content
August 6, 2015
Higher education no silver bullet in fight against inequality
Subscriber content
July 24, 2015
Opinion
Your business can facilitate social change by doing what it does best
September 23, 2015
Follow us on Twitter
@globebusiness Opens in a new window
Report an error
Due to technical reasons, we have temporarily removed commenting from our articles. We hope to have this fixed soon. Thank you for your patience. If you are looking to give feedback on our new site, please send it along to feedback@globeandmail.com. If you want to write a letter to the editor, please forward to letters@globeandmail.com.
Comments
Show comments
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
Log in
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
I'm a print subscriber, link to my account
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. We aim to create a safe and valuable space for discussion and debate. That means:
Treat others as you wish to be treated Criticize ideas, not people Stay on topic Avoid the use of toxic and offensive language Flag bad behaviour
Comments that violate our community guidelines will be removed. Read our community guidelines here
Discussion loading ...
Read most recent letters to the editor.
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies