http://www.wspa.ca/about-us/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Français
Breadcrumb
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Connect with us:
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Privacy Policy
World Animal Protection is the operating name of World Society for the Protection of Animals Canada
World Animal Protection is committed to controlling the collection, use and disclosure of personal information provided by its supporters.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information such as your name, residential address, phone number, e-mail address, donation history to World Animal Protection/WSPA, credit card or banking information. Personal information is collected by World Animal Protection only when you specifically and knowingly choose to provide it to us, such as when you make a donation to World Animal Protection, or request information about World Animal Protection or our programs, or purchase merchandise. We may also obtain personal information from third parties. This information is used for one time mailing purposes and is not collected or maintained by World Animal Protection unless you choose to make a donation.
Publicly available information, such as a public directory listing of your name, address, telephone number and electronic address, is not considered personal information.
Collection and use of personal information
World Animal Protection collects and uses your personal information primarily for the purpose of issuing a tax receipt, communicating to you information about our programs or events, and soliciting donations.
Your personal information may also be used to communicate with you about donations we are unable to process, or problems with your monthly donation account.
Personal information will be shared with World Animal Protection’s head office. Information shared with World Animal Protection’s head office will only be used for the purposes listed above.
If you have not requested that we do not disclose your information to other organizations and you are a donor, your name, address and telephone number (but no other personal information) may be traded or sold to other charities or not-for-profit organizations for the purpose of sending you a direct mail appeal in the mail to support their organization. You have the option at any time to tell us not to share your personal information with other charities. If you do not want to have your information exchanged with other organizations, please email us at info@worldanimalprotection.ca or call us at: 1 800 363 9772 to speak to our donor services representative.
Information collected by World Animal Protection through surveys is used by World Animal Protection for marketing purposes and is not disclosed to third parties. The only information we may share with third parties is aggregated demographic information, which is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
From time to time, World Animal Protection may ask individuals to sign protest cards or petitions. World Animal Protection does not record personal information from these sources. Protest card or petitions are forwarded to the intended recipient as outlined on the protest card or petition.
Donor List Trading and Third Party Suppliers:
Unless you have requested that we do not disclose your information (name, address and telephone number, but no other information) to other organizations we sometimes trade a segment of our direct mail donor list with other like-minded charities.  You can opt out of this arrangement at any time. If you do not want to have your information exchanged with other organizations, please email us at info@worldanimalprotection.ca or call us at: 1 800 363 9772 to speak to our donor services representative.
Disclosure
To enable us to more efficiently send out tax receipts, record donations or solicit donations, World Animal Protection may share your personal information with selected third parties who are acting on our behalf as co-agents, suppliers or service providers. Such third party service providers are provided only with such information as is necessary in the circumstances. Information provided to third parties may be used only for the purpose stipulated and is subject to strict terms of confidentiality.
Accuracy
World Animal Protection will try to ensure that information about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, please inform World Animal Protection of any change of name, address or other information.
Security
World Animal Protection is committed to protecting your privacy. Security measures such as locked cabinets, restricted access and the use of passwords and encryption have been adopted to protect your personal information against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying or modification. Our employees are trained to respect your privacy at all times and those employees with access to your personal information shall use your personal information strictly in accordance with World Animal Protection Privacy Policy and privacy laws.
Access
If you have any questions about the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by World Animal Protection, or if you simply want to know whether we have your personal information on file, you may contact the Privacy Compliance Officer. Except in limited circumstances, as specifically provided by applicable privacy legislation, World Animal Protection can tell you whether we hold personal information about you.
Cancellation policy
You can change or cancel your monthly donation at any time. Simply email info@worldanimalprotection.ca or call us at: 1 800 363 9772 to make the change to your account. World Animal Protection requires 5 business days to effect changes before the next transaction date. Changes or cancellations received on or before the 24th of the month will be reflected in the credit card transactions which are debited on the 28th of that month and chequing account transactions which are debited on the 1st of the following month.
Tell the world
twitter
facebook
email
© World Animal Protection
We were known as WSPA (World Society for the Protection of Animals)
Tel: 416 369 0044 Email: info@worldanimalprotection.ca.
Canadian Charitable Registration #12971 9076 RR0001