https://www.euractiv.com/about-euractiv/euractiv-com-cookie-policy/
HomeCookie Policy
Cookie Policy
By
Raluca Ciocian Ardeleanu
|
EURACTIV.com
16-11-2017
(updated:
23-05-2018
)
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves in the browser of your computer, tablet or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies that identify you when you’re logged in, in order to give you the possibility to comment using your profile and also to edit your newsletter preferences.
We also use anonymous cookies that tell us where do our users come from and what pages they visit. These cookies sometimes collect anonymous statistics about the user (such as gender, age, interests) and the data is stored by the analytics services that we use: Google Analytics, Content Insights and Facebook Analytics. These cookies also gather data about a person’s behaviour on our website: what pages they visit, how long they stay on the page, what videos they watch or files they download.
We also use tracking cookies from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and LinkedIn in order to be able to serve better advertising to our users on these platforms and to assess the performance of our ads on these platforms. The data that these platforms collect is anonymized. That means that we cannot see your social media profiles, but you will sometimes see ads to EURACTIV pages advertised to you on social media.
Will our website still work without cookies?
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended. For example, the website might not remember from one session to another your login details.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. You can also opt out using tools like this one: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/.
More information
You can read more about how we use your personal data in our Privacy Policy.
If you have questions regarding cookies, you can contact us here.
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
AdvertisementSupportersEURACTIV MembersPopular articles1EU gives Hungary and Poland 24 hours to lift veto2Contribute to EURACTIV3EU countries feel 'numb' about Turkey ahead of critical EU summit4Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states5Denmark and Norway team up to build world’s largest hydrogen ferry6Caught in gay 'sex party' in Brussels, Fidesz MEP resigns7Russia’s Trojan Stream under the Black Sea8EU bets on blue hydrogen 'to break chicken-and-egg problem'9Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states10Four countries pledge night-train nirvana in Europe Advertisement
Subscribe to our newsletters
Subscribe
Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens
1999-2018.
EURACTIV MEDIA NETWORK BV.
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact us
By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesI agree
×
Do you value our reporting? We need you!
Your financial support helps build the future of our network of newsrooms across Europe.
Contribute to our reporting
Contribute
The need for fast, accurate and balanced information is always important. We value EURACTIV's good, independent journalism and support this initiative
Mella Frewen, Director General of FoodDrinkEurope
EURACTIV plays a vital role in bringing Europe closer to its citizens. EURACTIV has long recognised that the story of Europe has to be told across the continent, and not just in Brussels. We need to support a truly European and informed debate.
Susan Danger, CEO, AmCham EU