http://www.whitehousehistory.org/about/terms-of-use-privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Primary Navigation
White House Historical Association Home
Search
Search
WHHA
- start typing and then listen for common searches like yours.
Search
Filters
Presidents
First Ladies
First Family Life
Significant Events
Social Justice
Architecture
Interiors & Decorative Arts
Fine Arts
Gardens & Grounds
Explore the Initiative
Featured Collections
Holiday Cheer at the White House
A History of Christmas Traditions
The White House in Gingerbread
The History and Traditions of a Classic Dessert
The 2020 White House Christmas Ornament
Introducing the 2020 Design
A Tour of the White House
America's Most Famous House
See More Collections
The
1600
Sessions
Podcast
Featured Questions
Have you Ever Wondered...
Which administration holds the record for the number of Christmas trees displayed at the White House?
How many weddings have been held at the White House?
What are some interesting facts about presidents and first ladies?
How did the White House get its name?
Why is the White House white?
See More Questions
Secondary Navigation
Featured Links
About Us
Our History, Mission, & Team
The Rubenstein Center
Education & Scholarship
Publications
Our Books & Journals
Press
Inquiries & Background Information
Support and Contact
Support Us
Preserve & Protect History
Book the Decatur House
Intimate Gatherings & Large Celebrations
Plan Your Visit
The White House & Lafayette Square
Contact Us
Have a question? Get in touch.
Support and Contact
Digital Library
Thousands of Images covering the History of the White House
Shop
Official White House Ornaments, Books & More
Main Content
LAST UPDATED: January 16, 2019
www.whitehousehistory.org and shop.whitehousehistory.org
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE (THE "TERMS OF USE") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE.
AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use apply with respect to your access and/or use of either the www.whitehousehistory.org website (the “Library Site”) or the shop.whitehousehistory.org website (the “E-Commerce Site”) (the Library Site and the E-Commerce Site are collectively referred to herein as the “Sites”), as well as any mobile application/s or digitally delivered products or services of The White House Historical Association (“WHHA” or “We”). All of such services are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Services". The following is important information regarding the Sites, our copyright to their contents and the terms for your use of the Sites as a visitor. These Terms of Use govern your use of the Sites. Registration and certain other information submitted by you on the E-Commerce Site are subject to our applicable Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of which are expressly incorporated herein by this reference. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy below. You understand that through your use of the E-Commerce Site, you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the applicable Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information for storage, processing and use by WHHA.
By using either of the Sites you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and to use the Sites in accordance with these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or that otherwise may apply to specific sections of the Sites, or to products and services that we make available to you through the Sites (all of which are deemed part of these Terms of Use). Accessing the Sites, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise constitutes use of the Sites and your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Use.
We also reserve the right to deny access to the Sites or any features of the Sites to anyone who violates these Terms of Use or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our Sites or infringes the rights of others.
CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use or to impose new conditions on use of the Sites, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Use on the Sites and update the "Last Updated" date above to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use either of the Sites after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Use, as modified.
LIMITATION ON ACCESS OR USAGE OF SITES
WHHA may limit your access to any part of the Sites without notice to you. WHHA may terminate your use of the Sites at any time without prior notice.
YOUR LIMITED RIGHT TO USE MATERIALS
This Sites and all the materials available on the Sites are the property of us and/or our licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Sites are provided solely for your personal noncommercial use. You may not use the Sites or the materials available on the Sites in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or those of our licensors or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Sites. If you would like to make a commercial use of any of such materials, you may contact WHHA at rights@whha.org to inquire about securing a commercial license.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY
WHHA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13), and the Sites are not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are subject to additional or different age requirements for disclosure of personally-identifiable information based on your state, province or country of residency, you hereby represent that your use of the Sites is not in violation of the laws or regulations of your state, province or country of residency.
E-COMMERCE SITE REGISTRATION PROCESS
If you would like to register on our E-Commerce Site, you may be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, physical address, e-mail address and phone number. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the E-Commerce Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the E-Commerce Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
E-COMMERCE SITE AGE REQUIREMENT
By using the E-Commerce Site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are a resident of a state, province or country that imposes additional or different age requirements for disclosure of personally identifiable information, you hereby represent that your use of the E-Commerce Site, the provision of your personally identifiable information to us, and our use of such personally identifiable information as stated in our Privacy Policy, does not violate the applicable laws or regulations of such state, province or country.
In addition, WHHA may post additional terms, conditions, rules or requirements related to the E-Commerce Site and/or its services and features. All such terms, conditions, rules, or requirements are or will be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use and you agree to be bound by and subject to them. At its sole discretion, WHHA also may offer other services or features governed by different Terms of Use.
RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USER NAME AND PASSWORD
To use certain features of our E-Commerce Site, you will need a user name and password, which you will select through the E-Commerce Site’s registration process. We reserve the right to reject or terminate the use of any user name that we deem offensive or inappropriate. It is a violation of these Terms of Use to share this user name or password with any other person. In addition, we also reserve the right to terminate the use of any user name or account, or to deny access to the E-Commerce Site or any features of the E-Commerce Site, to anyone who violates these Terms of Use or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE E-COMMERCE SITE
When you purchase products or services on or through the E-Commerce Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. In addition, the E-Commerce Site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. We are not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on our E-Commerce Site, or on a third-party website that you have accessed via a link on the E-Commerce Site, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant's online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, may be collected by both the merchant and us. A merchant may have privacy and data collection practices that are different from ours. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. In addition, For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, its privacy policies, and/or any additional terms and conditions that may apply, visit that merchant's website and click on its information links or contact the merchant directly. You release WHHA from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against WHHA, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through the E-Commerce Site.
LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
You may gain access to other websites via links on the Sites. These Terms of Use apply to the Sites only and do not apply to other parties' websites. Similarly, you may have come to the Sites via a link from another website. The terms of use of other websites do not apply to the Sites. Only these Terms of Use apply to the Sites. WHHA assume no responsibility for any terms of use or material outside of the Sites accessed via any link. You are free to establish a hypertext link to the Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your website or service by WHHA or the Sites. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of the Sites, scrape the Sites or incorporate into another website or other service any of our material, content or intellectual property.
SITE COPYRIGHT
All copyright rights to the Sites, including rights to the work and designs provided by the WHHA are owned by the WHHA, © 2000-2018, The White House Historical Association. All rights reserved. You cannot re-transmit, print or photocopy the materials on this Site for re-distribution in any medium without the written permission of the WHHA.
DISCLAIMERS
THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHHA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WHHA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITES OR ANY OF THE SITES’ FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THE SITES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WHHA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITES OR MATERIALS ON THE SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software and internet connections necessary to access the Sites. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software and internet connection.
Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Sites, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of the Sites, or between a user and any third party, we are under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release us from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or our Sites.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, WILL WHHA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITES, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES, EVEN IF WHHA IS ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, WHHA’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITES, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITES, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITES’ TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITES.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless WHHA and its directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise out of your use of the Sites, violation of these Terms of Use by you or any other person using your account, or your violation of any rights of another. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you agree to provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF ACCESS
You agree that, in our sole discretion, we may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Sites, or any part of the Sites, at any time, for any reason, without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third-party for any suspension or termination of your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Sites. In the event that we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Sites, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Use that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination.
NOTICE OF MODIFICATION/CHANGES AT WILL
The Sites are provided as a service to the Sites’ visitors. WHHA reserves the right to delete, modify or supplement the content of the Sites, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. WHHA reserves the right to terminate operation of the Sites entirely at any time for any reason without prior notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites or any portion thereof.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these terms of use is held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, that provision shall be ineffective in that jurisdiction without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of these terms of use.
SITUS, VENUE & JURISDICTION
This Site is controlled by WHHA from its offices in Washington, D.C., United States of America. WHHA comply with all laws of the District of Columbia and the United States applicable to the Sites and to the Internet. Visitors who choose to visit the Sites from other jurisdictions do so on their own initiative. Those visitors are solely responsible for compliance with their local laws.
Claims relating to the Sites, to the use of the Sites, and to the information content, material, goods and services available through the Sites are governed by the internal substantive laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. You hereby unconditionally, voluntarily, and irrevocably consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, local and Federal, located in Washington, D.C., United States of America for any litigation concerning the Sites, your use of the Sites and any purchases made through the Sites. You agree not to plead forum non-conveniens in any such action.
NO ASSIGNMENT; NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES
These Terms of Use are personal to you and you may not assign it to anyone. These Terms of Use are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Use may only be invoked or enforced by you or us.
LIMITATION ON ACTIONS
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Sites or these Terms of Use must be filed by you within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms of Use, and the Privacy Policy incorporated herein by this reference, constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in these Terms of Use and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, whether written or oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Sites. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use will govern.
Privacy Policy
The White House Historical Association ("WHHA," "we," "us," "our") wants the visitors to www.whitehousehistory.org or www.shop.whitehousehistory.org (individually and collectively, our “Web Site”), and our donors and customers (“you” or “your”) to understand how we collect, use and disclose your information. This Privacy Policy will tell you:
What information we collect from youHow and why we collect information using technologyWhy and with whom we share informationWhen you use our Web Site or provide information to us, you signify to us that you have read, understand, and agree to this Privacy Policy.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers personal information you provide to us when you use our Web Site and personal information collected automatically when you visit our website. The term “personal information” as used in this Privacy Policy refers to information that can be used to identify an individual, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. This includes, for example, your name, email address, and phone number; and may also include your location, IP address, device ID, and certain cookie and network identifiers.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you provide to third parties through their applications or websites, including your social media accounts and other locations you can access from links posted on our Web Site. These third parties should have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before you provide information to them. We are responsible only for the privacy practices of WHHA.
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. When you use our Web Site, you signify to us that you have read, understand, and agree to this Privacy Policy and that you also consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. You should not submit information to us either through our Web Site or other avenues if you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions posted on our Web Site.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal Information You ProvideIf you request information or submit an order, we request the following information as applicable (either through our Web Site or through other communications means):
Your nameYour billing informationYour mailing addressYour e-mail addressYour phone number(s)Your donation informationYour shipping informationYour sizes for clothing and other personal items orderedyour company name (for business customers)Your job position (for business customers)Your EIN number (for wholesale customers)Your wholesale customer type (profit or non-profit)Other Personal information or unique preference information you choose to provide to usINFORMATION COLLECTED USING TECHNOLOGY
We want you to be aware that when you use our Web Site, information is automatically collected about you and your online activities. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. (See “Once Information Is Received, How Is It Used and Shared—Data Analytics.”) Cookies, web beacons, and tags placed on your computer when your web browser accesses our Web Site enable us to recognize you, record how you and other visitors use our Web Site, and track statistics about Web Site usage. Metadata generated about your online activities are stored and logged. The data collected using cookies and similar technologies include:
Identification – date and time of each visit to our Website, history of visits, user name and password if you establish a Web Site account, and other personalized services including event registrations;Device – your IP address, internet domain name, browser type, operating system, mobile network, device telephone number, and ; Usage – referring site of application, text and video content viewed on our Web Site and time spent in viewing each file, , number and duration of visits and history of the Web Site pages viewed, and other internet activities; andLocation – your general geographic location can be determined by your IP address and a more specific location is available if you access our Web Site using a mobile device unless blocked. For information about how we use information collected using these technologies, see “Once Information Is Received, How Is It Used and Shared.”Restricting the Use of Information Collected Using TechnologyYou can control how these technologies are used to track and log your online activities in several ways:
Managing the preference settings on your browser and device;Communicating directly with google as explained at: https://policies.google.com/privacy ;Purchasing a utility from an independent software provider that you install on your computer browsers to make website visits anonymous,Visiting www.aboutads.info/choices to learn more about personalized advertising and how to opt-out of personalized advertising on your web browser and mobile apps by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance.If you restrict the use of cookies and other technologies, you cannot fully utilize our Web Site. If you chose to restrict personalized advertising, you will still receive ads, but they will not be personalized.Information from Other Sources We may obtain demographic information (age, sex, household income, employment) from marketing and data analytics resources. We also exchange and acquire name and street address only mailing lists from other organizations.
ONCE INFORMATION IS RECEIVED, HOW IS IT USED AND SHARED?
Use of Information
WHHA will use your information in various ways summarized below, subject to the following limitations:
The terms of this Privacy Policy; Any terms applicable to the services or actions you request; Your instructions to us that limit the use of your information; and The requirements of applicable law, including data protection laws governing the collection and use of personal information.We use the information you provide us to perform the services for which such data was collected and to maintain and enhance the quality of the content of our Web Site and product offerings to meet the interests and needs of our Web Site visitors and customers. Accordingly, we may use your information for a number of purposes including but not limited to the following:
Confirm, process and fulfill ordersProcess donations to WHHAAdminister services, which means that we may contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you regarding a particular service).Contact you about a submission you have made to the Web Site, including any content you provide.Issue invoices, administer accounts, collect and process payments.Send you e-mails, e-newsletters, personalized offers or other communications about our products and services. For information about stopping these messages, see “Opt In / Opt Out Procedures.” Identify your usage of our Web Site, the number of visits (including via IP address logging) from different locations, and your online browsing.Block and control disruptive use.Analyze and improve the services we offer.De-identify personal information to use or share for statistical or analytical purpose; de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.Respond to a lawful government request to disclose specific information, respond to a court order, when required by law for other purposes, to enforce our Web Site policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. Share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these companies for their marketing or commercial purposes.Undertake or prepare for a business transaction, such as a financing, reorganization, or business sale or transfer, where we have a legitimate interest in disclosing personal information, subject to appropriate confidentiality protections, to prospective transaction parties and their advisors; and retain a copy of the information following the transaction.Sharing Information with Service Providers and with Other Third PartiesService providers. The personal information you give us and information about you collected form our Web Site and other points of contact may be combined with other personal information available from our records and other sources. We share information with our service providers (including payment processors, donation processor, email servicing providers, e-commerce CMS service providers, customer data managers, e-mail marketing partners, vendor management partners, fundraising platform managers, web analytics partners, and search engine optimization and marketing partners) who perform administrative and technology functions on our behalf.In some situations, the service provider needs your personal information in order to perform the service, such as processing a donation. In other situations, the service provider may have technical access to your information but does not use the information in order to perform the contract service, such as hosting an application or database or providing network infrastructure support.Data Analytics. Google represents that it processes data for Web Site usage and other analytics purposes without revealing any personal information that identifies you individually. To learn more about how Google collects and processes data from websites for advertising and data analytics purposes, please visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To learn more about the controls Google offers to manage the collection and use of your personal information, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy.We may share certain personal information, including your name and mailing address, with third parties for marketing purposes based upon your consent to this Privacy Policy.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain personal information for as long as we reasonably require it for legal or business purposes. When we no longer have a legitimate business interest in keeping your personal information, we securely delete or destroy it. In determining data retention periods, WHHA takes into consideration applicable laws, contractual obligations, and what we reasonably believe are your expectations and requirements. For example, if you submit an order or information request, we will retain your contact and preference information and consider our relationship to remain active for marketing purposes after fulfilling any request you submit and until we take note that you no longer show interests in our products or services, which is generally two years after our last communication from you. At any time, we will honor your request to unsubscribe from our email communications by clicking on the link at the end of each email message or by contacting us as provided in the section “How to Contact Us” below.
HOW DO WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use commercially reasonable organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of your personal information and to meet the standards of this Privacy Policy. Still, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of your personal information from unauthorized use or alteration, and there is always a risk inherent in the electronic communication and storage of information (including without limitation from unauthorized entry or use, telecommunication issues, hardware or software failure, and other factors).
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once per calendar year, information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities). To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to privacy@whha.org with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing (if any) will be included in our response.Our Web Site does not respond to “do not track” requests.
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
You can opt out from receiving further email communications from WHHA by:
Following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each email; Emailing us at privacy@whha.org, orWriting to us at 1610 H Street NW, Washington D.C., 20006.INTERNATIONAL VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
WHHA operates in the United States and follows the information and consumer protection laws of the United States and its individual states. If you reside or are located in a different country, the data protection laws of that country may differ as to what, and how, personal information is protected. We want you to understand that when you provide your personal information to us, or we obtain it through our website or other communications with us, you consent to our processing your information in the United States and subject to United States laws as explained in this Privacy Policy. However, we also respond to requests you may have about your personal information as described below.
MAKING REQUESTS ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf you contact us for any of the reasons listed below, we will make a prompt and reasonable effort to honor your request:
To opt out of direct marketing communications;To find out what personal information we have about you or request a readable copy;To ask us to limit how we use your personal information;To ask us to correct personal information we have about you;To object to our further use of your personal information; To advise us about a complaint regarding how we handle your personal information; andTo ask us to delete the personal information we have about you. If you wish to make a request regarding those matters, please contact us as described below.HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests, you can contact us:By email us at privacy@whha.orgBy letter at 1610 H Street NW, Washington, D.C. 20006By phone at 202-218-4300We may need to confirm your identity in order to respond to some requests.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by updating the Privacy Policy posted on our Websites and we will also contact you by email if you are on our email contact list.
Buy Now