http://www.idea.int/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Home /
Terms and Conditions
SHARE
Introduction
Welcome to International IDEA’s site. For details of who we are, please see About Us.
When you use this site or our Data, Tools, or Publications, you are agreeing to the terms below. For that reason, please read them to understand your rights as well as your responsibilities. If you are using this site on behalf of an organization for whom you work, then by using the site, you are confirming that you are authorized to agree to these Terms, on behalf of that organization, and that it agrees to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not agree to these Terms, you cannot use the site or our content.
Your use of the site
Do you need to register to use the site?
You are free to browse the site and view our Data, Publications and some of our Tools, without registering with us.
Some of our Tools require you to register. You will also need to register if you want to order a copy of a publication that is available in print, edit Data, receive our newsletters, apply for a position at International IDEA or receive notifications when a position that matches your profile is advertised.
What are your responsibilities if you register with the site?
You must provide accurate, true and complete information. If you change any of your details after you’ve registered, please update your profile or let us know by contacting us at info@idea.int.
Each registration is for a single user only. Please keep your registration details confidential, as you will be held responsible for all activities that occur using your registration details, with or without your knowledge. If you have concerns about use of your registration details, tell us straight away by contacting us at info@idea.int.
What happens if you submit a review?
We are keen to receive your reviews on our Data, Tools and Publications. When you submit a review (including any rating) you give us and others we authorize, the free, irreversible right to use, modify and display your review in whole or in part, publicly, worldwide, on any media and in any format, including on our site, on any third party platform and in our marketing materials.
Your promises
By accessing this site, you are agreeing:
to use our Data, Tools and Publications in accordance with their licence terms. In particular, you are not permitted to benefit commercially from their use
to use the site only for lawful purposes, so you are not to:
use the site to knowingly transmit, send or upload any data or other material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to impair the functionality of a device or operation of any content; or
access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of the site, any equipment or network on which the site is stored or any software used in the provision of the site.
You promise to compensate us for any losses we, our agents or suppliers incur (including reasonable legal fees) that arise out of any breach of these Terms by you (including a breach of the terms on which you are licenced the Data, Tools and Publications) and any other loss we may incur that arises out of your use of the site.
Using our Data, Tools and Publications
Who owns what?
We or certain third parties own all intellectual property rights in our Data, Tools and Publications.
Where any of part of Data, Tool or a Publication is owned by a third party, we will identify that party in the relevant resource.
How can you use it?
Creative Commons licence
Some of our Publications in PDF format are made available on the terms of a Creative Commons (CC) licence. Where this is the case, they will be identified by the CC logo. To understand how you can use the PDF Publications identified with this logo, please read our Creative Commons Licence.
Please note that print publications of the same work are not made available on a Creative Commons licence, as they include third party materials.
Other licence terms
If you are accessing Data or a Tool (including the software underlying a Tool), then they may have their own licence terms. These will be made available to you on accessing that Data or Tool. By using the Data or Tool, you will be agreeing to use them in accordance with those terms.
In all other cases, our Data, Tools and Publications are made available on our standard licencing terms.
Standard licencing terms
If any Data, Tool or Publication is not flagged with the CC logo and does not have its own licensing terms made available with that resource, then you are free to use the text of that Data, Tool or Publication, but not any other aspect of it (e.g. images, graphics or logos) provided that:
you only make non commercial use of the text;
you agree that any intellectual property rights that arise out of your use, will belong to us and you will do anything we reasonably ask, to make sure that is the case. (If the transfer of rights is not effective in law in your legal jurisdiction, then the transfer of rights will consist of or include the grant of the most extensive and long lasting licence to exploit the new work it is possible to grant in your jurisdiction);
you agree that we are entitled to change and to licence and assign any work that arises out of your use;
you credit the original author;
you do not use the text in any way that is likely to reflect negatively on us;
if you make the text available on the internet, you will display a link from the site hosting the text to www.idea.int;
if you publish the text or a substantial part of it in print, you will send us 2 copies of that publication, together with a copy in pdf format that we can make available on our site; and
you will acknowledge our copyright on any use of the text by including the following ‘’[insert year] © International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance, Stockholm, Sweden’.
If you want to translate the text, then as well as the above terms:
you will not change or edit the meaning of the original text;
if you engage a third party to translate the text, you will ensure you own all intellectual property rights in that translation (including all moral rights), so that you can transfer ownership to us; and
you will include the following in the copyright page of the translation ‘This is a direct translation of the [insert edition] of International IDEA’s [insert title]. The accuracy of the translated text was not verified by International IDEA. In case of doubt, the original English version prevails [insert ISBN of original version]. The translation was undertaken by [insert name of your organization].
Please read General Content on our site (under 'General', below) to see how you can use all other content made available on our site (e.g. videos and site pages).
Our Promises and Liability to You
What we promise
We promise that we have the rights to make the content that is available from our site, to you on the terms set out in Using our Data, Tools and Publications.
What we don’t promise
The site is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. So, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all promises, warranties, conditions, or representations relating to the site and its content, whether express or implied.
In particular:
we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality or completeness of the Data, Tools and Publications or other information and content made available through the site or their usefulness for a particular purpose;
as we provide our print Publications for free, we do not guarantee that any print Publication you order is delivered to a certain timeline or is free from damage. If you copy is damaged, please contact us for a further copy and, subject to availability, we will try to send you another one; and
we make no promises that your access to the site or its content will be delivered uninterrupted or error-free or that the site or its content will be free of viruses or other harmful properties. You download any content and/or software from the site at your own risk and you will be solely responsible to install suitable anti-virus and security software on your computer hardware and other devices to protect against any such viruses or other such harmful properties.
We disclaim liability for
We disclaim all liability for any loss or damages in respect of the site or any content on it.
What we don’t restrict our liability for
Nothing in these Terms restricts our responsibilities relating to:
death or injury as a result of our negligence; or
any other liability that we cannot restrict by applicable law.
General
General Content on our site
To understand how you are permitted to use the Data, Tools and Publication on our site, see Using our Data, Tools and Publications.
All of the other content on our site (e.g. site pages, videos, images) is either owned by us or others who have licenced that content to us. It is protected by international copyright and other intellectual property laws.
That content is made available for your non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may also share any content capable of being shared on our site, by using the share functionality. Otherwise, you are not allowed to copy, change or distribute or use any of the content on this site without our written permission.
No permission is given to use any of the trade marks appearing on this site, including the trade marks of International IDEA.
Third Party Software
You might need to download and activate certain software in order to use certain content made available on our site. We will tell you, where that is the case.
Where that happens, you will have to explicitly accept the terms of a licence agreement with that third party. You accept that we have no responsibility or control over such third party software.
Links
Our site may include links to third-party websites. We have not reviewed these and we don’t have any control over them, so we are not responsible for those sites or their content. If you decide to access any of these third-party websites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Remember that if you use a linked site, any personal information you give them will be dealt with in line with their privacy policy, not ours, so please read their terms and conditions and privacy policy before you use their sites and provide any personal information to them.
You may only link to our site provided that:
the homepage is not loaded into frames on your site, unless we expressly agree;
your site or services do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present false information about us or otherwise harm our business or conflict with our interests; and
we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission any time without prior notice.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy to see how we handle the personal information that you give to us.
Changes
We may change these Terms by posting revised Terms on our site and/or sending you an e-mail if you have registered with us. Any such change will become effective immediately after it has been posted or on your receipt of the e-mail, whichever is the earlier. You should check regularly to see if there are any changes. You will be considered to have accepted any change, if you continue to use the site, after the change has been made.
We may also change the functionality or features of our site, as well as any content we make available through it. We won’t be responsible to you for any loss you suffer, if we make any such changes.
Severability
If any part of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, all other parts of these Terms will not be affected and will remain in force.
Entire agreement
These Terms govern our relationship with you and represent our entire agreement with you.
Sub-licence
You may sub-licence any of your rights under these Terms.
Waiver
If we delay in taking any steps under our agreement with you, against you, this doesn’t prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
No Third Party Rights
All agreements between us based on these Terms are just between you and us. No one else can enforce any of them and you can only transfer any of them with our consent. We can transfer our rights under any such agreements to another company or organization providing this does not adversely affect your rights under our agreements with you.
Governing law and Jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by the laws of Sweden.
Any dispute or claim which cannot be settled amicably by you and us, will be submitted to and finally settled by arbitration in the following way:
the arbitration will be held in accordance with the Rules of Expedited Arbitrators of the Arbitration Institute of Stockholm Chamber of Commerce, unless it, taking into account the complexity of the case and other circumstances, decides that the Rules of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce shall apply. If the latter is the case, then the arbitration will be conducted by an arbitral tribunal composed of one arbitrator who, failing agreement between us on his/her nomination, will be appointed by the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce.
The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding
The place of arbitration shall be decided by the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce.
English shall be the official language to be used in the arbitration.
Contact us
This site is owned and operated by International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA).
International IDEA
Strömsborg
SE-103 34 Stockholm
Sweden
E-mail: info@idea.int.
Our registered company number is 9020000098 (registered as an organization in Sweden).
Posted: 20 November 2016
© 2020 International IDEA. All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Sitemap