https://www.elizabethfry.com/we-can-help/programs-services/
Close Navigation Home
We Can Help
Programs & Services
Upcoming Events
Resources
About
Guiding Principles
Leadership
News & Publications
Work with Us
Job Opportunities
Volunteer
Membership
Blog
Donate
Ways to Donate
Donate Now
Donor Wall
Contact
Contact
Grievance Policy
Privacy Policy
Staff Login
Facebook
Twitter
Our programs help women break the cycle of poverty, addiction, mental illness, homelessness and crime.
At RiskInvolved in the Justice SystemIn Recovery and TransitionCynthia’s Place
Cynthia’s Place is a shelter home for homeless single women.
Maida Duncan Women’s Drop-in Centre
The New Westminster drop-in centre offers marginalized women a place to go for snacks, showers, laundry, free clothing and household items, as well as social activities and programs. This program is sponsored by the City of New Westminster.
Pathways
Through Pathways, EFry provides semi-independent, small apartments for women without resources or are in transition to independent living.
Now, I feel like I belong. I have a community, a career and a positive future. I still have a great relationship with the folks at Firth.Tammy, former Firth Resident
JustKids
JustKids is Canada’s only initiative aimed at mitigating the long-term negative impacts of parental incarceration through an umbrella of programs, educational initiatives and research. Made possible entirely thanks to donors, JustKids programs include:
Spring and Summer Camps
– During spring and summer school breaks, EFry welcomes children six through 15 at week-long Blue Sky overnight camps. Children enjoy a typical camp experience while specially trained counsellors help them develop vital coping, leadership and teambuilding and conflict management skills.
Camp Counsellor Training and Employment Program – Children ageing out of Blue Sky Summer Camp are provided with the opportunity to receive job training and employment as camp counsellors. This provides older teens with valuable job experience and income, as well as support continuity for themselves and positive role modelling for younger campers.
Saturday Club – When Blue Sky Camps are not in session, children aged six to 15 enjoy day-long supporting activity programs similar to a day camp.
Caregiver Support Group – Providing resources and an online community for caregivers raising children with an incarcerated parent. Contact caregiverhelp@elizabethfry.com for more information.
Christmas Program
EFry brings the holidays to nearly 2,000 people each year through our Christmas dinner, JustKids lunch with Santa and in-prison celebrations.
Growing Great Kids
Growing Great Kids is an empathy-based, curriculum led parenting program for new and expecting mothers that covers complex concepts such as secure attachments, parental empathy, brain science and solution-focused skill-building strategies into easily understood highly interactive modules. The caregiver’s strengths and aspirations are identified and life skills are built into each session, which allows the strengthening of secure attachments, parenting skills, child development enhancements and stress management.
Sheena’s Place & Elizabeth Gurney House
EFry was the first to operate shelters for homeless women and their children. Sheena’s Place and Elizabeth Gurney House offer a safe, supportive environment for families without resources. In a home-like setting, our shelters provide daily necessities, crisis intervention, addiction and debt counselling, and support in accessing low-income housing
Burnaby Integrated Family Program
Intensive counselling helps families stay together or reunite after a separation. Through individualized or family therapy, parent education and training EFry gives families in crisis the support and tools necessary to make home a safe and caring place to be.
Am’ut Aboriginal Youth Program
Am’ut is a culture-based, full-time attendance program helping aboriginal girls change the direction of their lives by learning to make healthy choices and develop new skills.
Future Bright Program
Future Bright offers low income families free, hands-on assistance in accessing federal and provincial grants for their children’s post-secondary education – totaling up to $3,200. Research shows that having as little as $500 saved for post-secondary inspires more youth to finish high school and pursue further academic or vocational training.
Volunteer Visiting
EFry volunteers provide information on community resources, support and socialization opportunities at the Surrey Pretrial Services Centre, Fraser Valley Institution and Alouette Correctional Centre for Women.
Community In-Reach
Women leaving prison often need support reintegrating into their communities and finding housing. EFry volunteers help inmates at the Fraser Valley Institution and Alouette Correctional Centre with this transition.
Downtown Community Court
The Downtown Community Court in Vancouver’s Downtown Eastside focuses on individuals with frequent contact with the Justice System due to the nature of their mental health and addictions. It seeks to provide offenders with the help they need to break the cycle. EFry volunteers assist clients in understanding and navigating the court process.
Advocate Program
The EFry Advocate Program is a free legal clinic providing support to individuals in need of assistance dealing with situations such as rental disputes, evictions, debt collection, bankruptcy, mental health and employment standards, accessing income programs.
Mom and Me
Two-thirds of female inmates are mothers. The vast majority of these are single parents living below the poverty line. Having opportunities to bond is vital for the long-term success of both mother and child. EFry’s Mom and Me program helps women in Alouette Correctional Centre for Women and the Surrey Pretrial Centre keep in touch with their families.
Parenting
Mothers in the Fraser Valley Institution for Women self-enroll in a six week program to learn the importance of prenatal self care, early infant development, mother-child attachment and parenting. Video visitation is available enabling children to maintain contact with their mother through “face time” contact.
Storybook Program
EFry’s Storybook program brings parents and children together through the power of reading. EFry supplies new, age-appropriate books and records inmate parents reading them aloud. A CD player and the recordings are then sent to their children, giving them an opportunity to share a story together. The Storybook program is one of EFry’s most successful prison programs. It is available at Alouette Correctional Centre for Women, Fraser Valley Institution and Surrey Pretrial Centre.
Girls’ Prison Advocacy
EFry supports girls in custody at the Burnaby Youth Custody Centre by ensuring they understand their rights and teaching them self-advocacy skills.
Burnaby Youth Custody Centre Services
EFry volunteers support youth of both sexes by providing recreational, educational and one-on-one visitation opportunities.
Storybook Program
EFry’s Storybook program brings parents and children together through the power of reading. EFry supplies new, age-appropriate books and records inmate parents reading them aloud. A CD player and the recordings are then sent to their children, giving them an opportunity to share a story together. The Storybook program is one of EFry’s most successful prison programs. It is available at Alouette Correctional Centre for Women, Fraser Valley Institution and Surrey Pretrial Centre. Due to its popularity with both mothers and fathers at Surrey Pretrial, the Storybook program was expanded into the all-male Ferndale Institution in early 2010.
Crime & Consequences
EFry offers regular crime prevention seminars for those charged with a criminal offence, their families and the public.
Ellendale
EFry was the first organization in Canada to operate a home which accepted opiate-using women due to our belief, believing that women struggling with addiction need and deserve help in overcoming their issues. Ellendale provides live in addiction treatment for poly drug using women for three months of treatment and assists women to develop long-term plans for their futures.
Firth Residence
Firth Residence in Abbotsford provides detox, stabilization and structured relapse prevention for women, and transitional housing and support services for women. Clients receive case management and help developing long-term housing plans and accessing community resources.
Rosedale Intensive Residential Treatment Program
Located in Chilliwack, Rosedale offers a cooperative living program for women who require specialized and intensive substance use services and support. Women are supported to access housing, employment, education and training and to improve their relationships with family friends and significant others.
Columbia Place
Columbia Place provides women in transition from prison with housing, counselling and goal planning to prepare them to successfully re-enter their communities and make the move to independent living.
Third Party Administration
EFry helps both female and male clients access the government financial support to which they are entitled. Third Party Administration clients cannot receive these services from government offices for behavior or their need for high levels of support and case management. EFry tailors our support to each client’s individual circumstances, with the goal of helping them meet the criteria necessary to reinstate their direct access to government services.
Prison Integrated Outreach Homeless Prevention
Incarcerated women with mental health and addictions issues, and significant contact with the Justice System, are supported to find housing, and develop and maintain a personal care plan for a stabilized life after incarceration for a period of up to one year.
Woolwerx
Woolwerx is EFry’s social enterprise that employs both incarcerated women and those transitioning back to community life. Women receive training to clean, card and spin donated wool into artisanal yarns. Visit woolwerx.com to learn more and link to our Etsy shop.
Transition to New Beginnings
Transition to New Beginnings provides temporary shelter to women who are pregnant or with an infant and awaiting access to safe, affordable housing following addictions counselling or treatment.
This is the first time I’ve lived in a house. Cara and I sit in the back yard and enjoy the quiet. I like living with moms in the same place that I am at as we get our lives together. Kari
Ellendale Cradle
Ellendale Cradle provides expectant and new mothers who struggle with addiction live-in treatment and support as they plan for their future. The program includes child development monitoring and skills development, as well as participation in the Growing Great Kids parenting curriculum.
Contact Us
TOLL FREE – CANADA & USA
1-888-879-9593
Phone: 604-520-1166
Email: admin@elizabethfry.com
402 E. Columbia St,
New Westminster, BC, V3L 3X1
Opportunities With Efry
Work with Us
Follow Us
FacebookTwitter
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
First NameLast NameEmail
Back to Top