http://www.survivorschat.com/privacy.php
HomeCommunityChatResourcesAbout UsContactGuidelines Blog
Link to usDonateYour Privacy
Privacy Policy
Collection and Tracking of Personal Information
So that we can provide you with the most efficient and enhanced service, we request information about you, we collect personally identifiable information such as email addresses and demographic information such as age, gender and location. We also may collect your IP address, browser type, domain name, access times and referring Web site address. This information is collected both during registration on a site or in response to specific requests, for example when signing up for a newsletter, posting on the forums, participating in chat.
what we do with collected information
We use personal information so that we may display custom, personalized content to our visitors and send newsletters, emails, features, surveys and other updates to our users. We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our service, respond to any problems that may arise and to gauge user trends to determine what part of our services are most popular with users.
We do not sell or otherwise reveal this information to advertisers or any third party. We do, however, reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law; to protect the integrity of our site and our property; to protect the safety of our visitors or others; to fulfill your requests; or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online (whether through SURVIVORS CHAT's services or any other service available online), personal or otherwise, that information can be collected and used by others. For example, if you use chat, forums, bulletin boards, your e-mail or if you post personal information online, you may receive unsolicited messages from others. Please be aware that disclosure of personally identifiable information in this way is inherently dangerous, and SURVIVORS CHAT has no control over this use of your personal information.
Use of Cookies
Your browser offers so-called "cookies" which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a Web site. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookies simply assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Cookies also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and our Web sites are viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser. However, if you disable cookies, some advanced and customized features of our site, as well as other Web sites, will not be available to you.
Controlling Your Personal Information
A user may, at any time, change, correct, modify or delete any personal information they may have provided to SURVIVORS CHAT by visiting the Member Profile located in the forums, or by contacting the administration via email at admin@survivorschat.com.
Visitors Outside The United States
Our Web site and the servers that make this site available worldwide are located in the United States. All matters relating to these sites are governed by the laws of the State of Iowa in the United States. Any information you provide will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our sites and submitting information, you authorize this transfer.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to maintain the highest protection for our users and to comply with a changing environment. We recommend that you check the policy when you visit our site to be sure you are aware of and understand our current policy. If we make material changes to this policy or in how we will use or collect your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We will not make changes in how we handle previously collected personal information that have retroactive effect unless legally required to do so.
Remember to read our Legal, Privacy and Guidelines. Check out our
Copyright © 2006-2020 - Survivors ChatLast Updated: December 1, 2017