http://www.loveachild.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Menu
Close
Who We Are
About Us
Our Founders Bobby and Sherry
Statement of Faith
Field Missionaries
Mission Teams in Haiti and the Dominican Republic
Haitian Staff
Board of Directors
What We Do
Schools in Haiti
Churches
Feeding the Poor
Emergency Feeding Programs
Kingdom Connection Food Distribution Center
Providing Disaster Relief
Building Houses for the Poor
Birthing Center
Caring For The Sick
Jesus Healing Center
Malnutrition Center
Mobile Medical Clinics in Haiti
Caring for our Orphans
Meet our Orphan Children
Sustainability Outreach
Agricultural Training Center
The Marketplace
Poul Mirak Co-operatif (Miracle Chicken Co-op)
Appropriate Technologies
Edible Plant Nursery
Reforestation
Develop Industry
Chicken Farm in Haiti
Tilapia Fish Farm
Sponsor A Child
What Is Child Sponsorship
Child Sponsorship FAQ
Send A Child A Gift
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Planned Giving and Estate Planning
Special Needs List
Media
View Love A Child’s TV Broadcast Schedule
View TV Programs
Christian Radio Station
LAC Store
Contact Us
Get in touch
Submit the form on the contact page, or reach out using one of
the methods below.
info@lachaiti.org
239-210-6107
12411 Commerce Lakes Drive
Fort Myers, Florida 33913-8664
Privacy Policy
Love A Child, Inc. Privacy Policy
Love A Child, Inc. is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website, as well as any information collected offline.
Awareness
Love A Child, Inc. provides this Donor Privacy Policy to inform you of the ways in which we collect, process, and store your information. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list by calling our office at 239-210-6107 or by emailing us at info@lachaiti.org.
Information We Collect
Contact information, including but not limited to: Name, organization, address, phone, and email
Payment information: credit card number, expiration date, and billing information
Other biographical information
Your mailing/solicitation preferences
Other information you may share with us
How We Use Your Information
Love A Child, Inc. uses your information in accordance with the way you might expect for it to be used: to process a transaction, communicate with you about the transaction, and update you on ministry happenings. Credit card information is used only for the processing of your gift and is not kept on file; credit cards/bank cards that are used for processing recurring transactions are stored in our secure database (The Raiser’s Edge by Blackbaud™) and are encrypted for your safety and security.
Love A Child, Inc. does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. The identity of all Love A Child, Inc. donors is kept confidential unless you have given us permission to use your name for a specific fundraising or marketing purpose. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Love A Child, Inc. and only to further the ministry activities and mission of Love A Child, Inc.
Again, you may have your name removed from our mailing list by calling our office at 239-210-6107 or by emailing us at info@lachaiti.org.
European Union (EU) Residents:
Your Rights according to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the ePrivacy Directive
Transparency over how we use your personal information (right to be informed)
Request a copy of the information we hold about you, which will be provided to you within one month (right of access)
Update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong (right of rectification)
Ask us to stop using your information (Right to restrict processing)
Ask us to remove your personal information from our records (right to erasure)
Object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes (right to object)
Obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes (right to data portability)
Not be subject to a decision when it is based on automated processing (automated decision making and profiling)
Introduction
As from 25 May 2018, under the General Data Protection Regulation, Love A Child, Inc., will rely on legitimate interest as per GDPR Article 6(1)(f) for some of its processing of personal data.
This permits the organization to contact its members and supporters by post. Individuals are free to opt out of postal contact at any time.
Clear information about how individuals can opt out of contact or change their contact preferences is prominent on LOVE A CHILD, INC.’s website and printed materials.
LOVE A CHILD, INC. is a well-established non-profit organization serving the country of Haiti. We believe that the individuals whose information we hold on our database are fully aware of the nature of their relationship with us and the mutually beneficial reasons for remaining in contact.
Our detailed rationale for claiming legitimate interest is as follows:
The purposes for which we will use/process individuals’ personal information
Sending membership communications, including the monthly appeal letter, the new member packet, sponsorship information, and other special appeals and communications
Sending fundraising appeals and updates to individuals who have expressed interest in supporting our work
Processing one-time or recurring gifts as instructed by the donor
Without these contact opportunities, LOVE A CHILD, INC.’s income generation potential is put at risk, endangering the long-term survival and purpose of the organization:
Love A Child donors are accustomed to receiving information via postal mail and we do not offer the same information via electronic mail
The income generation opportunity is greatly increased among the current donor base if fundraising appeals are sent by post as direct mail appeals generate higher response rates than electronic mail
Articles 47 and 48 of the GDPR say that direct marketing activity is a legitimate interest; in particular, in the context of a relevant and appropriate relationship between the organization (LOVE A CHILD, INC.) and the individual (the recipient), there would be a reasonable expectation that postal details are used for these purposes.
The legitimate interests of third parties
In order to deliver the direct marketing described above, LOVE A CHILD, INC. may provide individuals’ personal contact details to mailing and fulfillment houses, supplied from our own secure database.
We may also occasionally brief suppliers to carry out analysis, sometimes using personal data and at other times anonymized data, to help determine market trends and opportunities around membership and visiting. This insight enables us to provide the best possible experience for our members and supporters.
We make every effort to ensure the data we send to suppliers is secure at every point of transfer and during all the stages of data processing. Our reputable suppliers are required to provide their security protocols on demand. Personal data will always be held on secure servers and is securely deleted by our suppliers as soon as each mailing activity has been completed.