http://www.thegoodbook.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Contact Us
Blog
Services
Our blog
The Hub
Bookstalls
Translations
Partners
Help
Customer Service
About us
Shipping & Delivery
eBook troubleshooting
Christmas
Help
Christmas
Our blog
The Hub
Bibles
I need a Bible...
to use everyday
for study
with larger print
for my quiet time
for teenagers
for church or school
to give away
to listen to
for children
for journalling
Shop by Version
NIV
ESV
Youth
Children's
Other
Shop by Type
Budget Bibles
Bulk
Gift Bibles
Gospels
Graphic Bibles
Study Bibles
Bible Study
Shop by Topic
Book by Book
The Commentary List
Bible Overview
Old Testament
New Testament
Topical
For men
For women
For teenagers
Shop by Subject
Contentment
Holiness
Men
Money & Work
Outreach
Prayer
Suffering
Trinity
Women
Shop by Series
God's Word For You
Good Book Guides
Interactive Bible Studies
Pathway Guides
Shop by Type
Commentaries
Small group studies
Multimedia studies
One-to-One studies
Daily Bible Reading
Highlights
Subscriptions
Prayer diary
Shop by Age
Adults
Teenagers
Children
Preschool
Family
Shop by Series
God's Word For You
Explore (adults)
Explore by the book
Engage (teenagers)
Discover (11-13)
XTB (7-10)
Beginning with God (preschoolers)
Table Talk (families)
Outreach
Christianity Explored Ministries
Christianity Explored
Life Explored
Discipleship Explored
Soul (14+ yrs)
CY (11-14 yrs)
Epic Explorers (kids)
Universal Editions
Promotional materials
Translations
Booklets and tracts
Books
Shop by Type
Books
Booklets and tracts
Christmas
Courses
Customised Cards
Customised Gospels
Gospels
Outreach Training
Shop by Series
Christianity Explained
Discovering Jesus through Asian eyes
Empowered
Engaging with...
Jesus and You
Live Grow Know
Questioning Faith
Putting Parenting to Bed
Preparing for Marriage
The World We All Want
Two Ways to Live
Wonderfully Made
Shop by Category
DVD based
Other Languages
Simple English
Training
Gospel Shaped Church
Gospel Shaped Worship
Gospel Shaped Outreach
Gospel Shaped Living
Gospel Shaped Work
Gospel Shaped Mercy
Shop by Category
Outreach
Reference
Short Courses In Practical Ministry
Courses
Shop by Course
Empowered
Engaging with
Gospel Shaped Church
Learn2Lead
Pray, Prepare, Preach
The Reason for God
Trellis and Vine Resources
Living Christianity
Shop by Subject
Childrens' Work
Church planting
Doctrine
Leadership
Preaching
Youthwork
Christian Living
Shop by Subject
About the Bible
Apologetics
Biography
Church
Church History
The Cross
Culture
Discipleship
Family and Parenting
Gender and Sexuality
Guidance
Marriage & Relationships
Men
Mental Health
Prayer
Spirituality
Suffering
Women
Work & Money
Shop by Occasion
Advent
Cards
Christmas
Customised cards
Dedications
Easter
Gifts
Gift Vouchers
Halloween
Lent
Reformation
Shop by Series
Discipleship Explored
Five Things to Pray
Gospel-Centred
Gospel Shaped Church
Guidebooks for Life
Live Grow Know
One to One
Questions Christians Ask
Talking Points
The Course of Your Life
Shop by Author
Christopher Ash
Don Carson
John Chapman
Tim Chester
Catalina Echeverri
Timothy Keller
C S Lewis
Sally Lloyd Jones
Alison Mitchell
John Stott
Tim Thornborough
Rico Tice
Jen Wilkin
Trillia Newbell
John Piper
Rebecca Manley Pippert
Vaughan Roberts
Children
Highlights
Alby
Colin Buchanan
The Good Book for Children
Sing the Bible
The Christmas Promise Series
Very Best Bible Stories
The Garden, the Curtain, and the Cross Series
Shop by Age
0 to 3
4 to 7
8 to 11
11 to 14
Shop by Series
Beginning with God
Click
Dig-in Discipleship
Do Great Things For God
Epic Explorers
Eric Says...
How Do I tracts
Inspector Smart
Light Keepers
Little Me, Big God
Table Talk
Tales that Tell the Truth
Teaching Little Ones
Torch Bearers
Trail Blazers
Very Best Bible Stories
Why Did Jesus tracts
XTB
Shop by Type
Bible Reading
Booklets and tracts
Books
Colouring and Activity Books
CDs and DVDs
Children's Bibles
Children's workers
Gifts
Outreach
Sunday School
Illustrations
Youth
Highlights
CY (11-14 yrs)
Soul (14+ yrs)
Summer Camps
Youthworkers
Shop by Series
Dig-In Discipleship
Discipleship Training Series
Discover
Engage
Growing Young Disciples
Little Black Books
The Junction
Turn upside down
Youthworks Bible Studies
Shop by Type
Books
Booklets and tracts
Bible Studies
Daily Bible Reading
eBooks
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
TheGoodBook.co.uk Terms and Conditions
Welcome to TheGoodBook.co.uk!
The Good Book Company Ltd. and its subsidiaries ("TGBC") provide website services and other products and service when you browse or shop at TheGoodBook.co.uk, use our products or services, or use TGBC applications for mobile (collectively "TGBC Services"). TGBC provides all TGBC Services to you subject to the terms and conditions on this page.
Please read these conditions carefully before using TheGoodBook.co.uk. By using TheGoodBook.co.uk you signify your agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set forth below. We offer a range of services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use a service (for example Your Account or any The Good Book Company applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that service ("Service Terms"). If these Terms and Conditions are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
Defamation Notice
Rights Infringement Notice
Privacy
Please check our Privacy Notice, which also govern your use of TheGoodBook.co.uk's services, to understand our practices.
Errors and Omissions
We work hard to ensure the accuracy of the product information on TheGoodBook.co.uk, but are not responsible for supplier price changes that come to pass without notice, typographical or other errors. We reserve the right to adjust anytime without notice. The Good Book Company shall have the right to refuse or cancel any order placed for products listed at the incorrect price. Furthermore, The Good Book Company shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether the order has been confirmed or your credit card charged. If your credit card has been charged and order cancelled, we will issue a full refund to your credit card account.
Cancellation
If you wish to cancel and you've just ordered, please contact us by phone immediately and we may be able to stop your goods leaving our warehouse at all (and thus save everyone undue cost and hassle of unnecessary postage and returns). If you cancel your order in full or in part after the package has already been packed and entered the despatch cages, then it will be treated as a return.
Returns and Replacements
If you do not want any of the items you have ordered, they may be returned for a full refund within 30 days of receipt, provided that they are in their original condition and the buyer pays postage. The return address may be found on the contact us page. Please enclose a note detailing the requested fund and including your order number. Unfortunately, returns cannot be credited to your account without an order number. Please ensure that the goods do not get damaged in the return delivery — they must be tightly packed in protective packaging. Damage occurring during return is the responsibility of the customer.
If you have received damaged or incorrect goods, or your order is not completely fulfilled, please contact us.
Electronic Communications
When you use our services or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright, Authors' rights and database rights
All the content (such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, downloads etc), and compilation of that content, on our site belongs to us or our content suppliers and is protected by British and international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws.
You may not re-use or extract any part of the content of our site without our express written consent. Any kind of data gathering or mining TheGoodBook.co.uk is likewise prohibited, as is the creation or publication of your own database containing significant parts of our database (e.g. prices and listings) without our express written consent.
Trademarks
Our trademarks are thus: TheGoodBook.co.uk, Opening up the Bible, The Good Book College, The Good Book Company, thegoodbook, thegoodbookcollege. In addition, our graphics, logos, headers, button icons, scripts and service names include in or made available through any of TheGoodBook.co.uk's service are trademarks of trade dress of TheGoodBook.co.uk. As such they may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not TheGoodBook.co.uk's, in any way that would cause confusion amongst customers or discredit TheGoodBook.co.uk.
License and Access
Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions and applicable Service Terms and your payment of applicable fees, TheGoodBook.co.uk grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of TheGoodBook.co.uk's services. This license prohibits resale or commercial use of any of TheGoodBook.co.uk's services, any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant, or any use of data mining.
All rights not expressly granted you by these Terms and Conditions or any applicable Service Terms are retained by TheGoodBook.co.uk or the content rights owners in this locality. No part of any service provided may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. No meta tags or hidden text containing The Good Book Company's names or trademarks may be used without our express written consent.
The licenses granted by TheGoodBook.co.uk terminate if you do not comply with these Terms and Conditions or any Service Terms.
Your Account and interaction with services
You are responsible for the privacy of your account and password and for restricting access to it, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You can access and update most information you have provided us in the Your Account area of the website.
You must not use any of our services to fraudulently obtain services, or in any way that may deliberately and needlessly cause annoyance or anxiety.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or remove or edit content if you are in breach of applicable laws, these Terms and Conditions or any other applicable terms and conditions, guidelines or policies.
Content you submit
You may post reviews, comment on blogs, communicate with us via email, submit suggestions, ideas and so on. However, the content must not be illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, objectionable or otherwise injurious to third parties. You must not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise seek to mislead anyone regarding your identity. We reserve the right to edit or remove such content. If you think some of our content fits the above criteria and we should do so, please notify us.
If you post content or submit material in any manner, you assert that you own or control all rights to such content, and freely grant The Good Book Company Ltd (and its subsidiaries) a non-exclusive, royalty-free and transferable rights to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, quote selected excerpts, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media - and the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You agree to indemnify The Good Book Company for all claims brought by a third party against The Good Book Company arising out of or in connection with such content you supplied, except to the extent that any liability arises from our failure to properly remove the content when it is notified of the illegal nature of the content you have submitted to us.
Rights Infringement Notice
If you believe that any content on this website is in breach of rights you own or control please notify us. Please also send in a printed and signed letter (including your contact details) to "Rights Notice" at our contact address.
Defamatory Content Notice
We have over a thousand products, and reviews and comments in the tens of thousands, while we try to monitor these, we may not always spot content that is in breach of our content policy above. Thus we are dependent, in part, upon the public notifying us. If you believe that any content on this website is in breach please notify us, please send in a printed and signed letter (including your contact details) to "Defamation Notice" at our contact address.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided by The Good Book Company on an "as is" and available basis. We do not make representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site. Our maximum liability to you is the amount you paid for the product or service you bought.
You agree to indemnify and hold TGBC harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, without limitation, arising from the use of, content on, and products or services available through TheGoodBook.co.uk.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to any of these Terms and Conditions or other Service terms at any time. Your use of the site will be subject to the terms and conditions and policies in force at the time of use. If any particular condition is deemed invalid or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed void and will not affect the validity of any remaining condition.
Age of user
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use TheGoodBook.co.uk only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
Waiver
If you breach any of these Terms and Conditions and we take no action, this shall not constitute a waiver of such terms or conditions, or prejudice the right of TGBC to enforce our Terms and Conditions at any subsequent time.