http://www.toledobar.org/index.cfm?pg=privacy-policy
Login
Site Login
Login
Forgot Username or
Password?
Site Login
Login
Forgot Username or
Password?
Search
Member Login
For the best experience, log in to access members-only content and resources. If you are a Toledo Bar member, and you have never logged on to the website, click “Forgot Username or Password” to create your log-in credentials.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at tba@toledobar.org or 419-242-9363.
Quick Links
MyTBA Dashboard
Referral Center
Update My Info
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated : July 23, 2020
We collect certain information through our website, located at www.toledobar.org (our “Website”), including through the products and services provided at the Website. This page (this “Privacy Notice”) describes our policies and procedures surrounding the collection and handling of data about any living individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession (“Personal Data”).
This Privacy Notice applies only to our Website and to the products and services provided through our Website. It does not apply to any third-party site or service linked to our Website or recommended or referred by our Website, through our products or services, or by our staff. And it does not apply to any other website, product, or service operated by our company, or to any of our offline activities.
By use of our Website, you agree to the collection and use of information described in this Privacy Notice.
1. Personal Data We Collect
We collect the following personal data from users who buy our products or services or contact us through the contact forms at our Website: first name, last name, e-mail address, telephone, credit card number.
We also collect data on how our website is used: number of page visits and duration, type of browser, etc. (collectively, “Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include personal data, like your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
We also use “cookies” to collect certain information from all users, including Web visitors who don’t buy anything through our Website. Data collected through cookies may include Usage Data (whether or not personal) and Personal Data. A cookie is a string of data our system sends your computer and then uses to identify your computer when you return to our Website.
You can set up most browsers to refuse all cookies or to notify you of any cookies you receive. But if you don’t accept cookies, you won’t be able to make as efficient use of our Website, and you may not be able to use some features at all.
Our Website is not intended to collect data from children or from anyone under 18.
2. Our Use of Personal Data
We use your Personal Data to create your account, to communicate with you about products and services you’ve purchased, to offer you additional products and services, to bill you, and to communicate your member benefits. We also use that information to the extent necessary to enforce our Website terms of service and to prevent imminent harm to persons or property.
We use cookies so that our Website can remember you and provide you with the information you’re most likely to need. We also use information gained through cookies to compile statistical information about use of our Website, such as the time users spend at the site and the pages they visit most often.
Do Not Track Notice
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a setting in a web browser that directs websites not to track your behavior. You can activate the DNT settings through most browsers. We have not authorized any third party to track consumers or visitors while they are on our Website, and we are aware of no such tracking.
3. Retention of Personal Data
We retain your Personal Data so long as it serves the purposes listed in this Privacy Notice, including to operate our services, send you notices other general messages (unless you’ve unsubscribed), to collect and monitor traffic and other usage statistics at our Website, to resolve disputes, to enforce the terms of this Website’s contracts, and to comply with our legal obligations.
4. Transfer of Personal Data
We may store or process your data outside your city, province, state, or country. Data storage venues include, without limitation, the United States. These and other data storage jurisdictions may operate under privacy and data protection laws different from those of your home jurisdiction. Your submission of data to our Website and your consent to this Privacy Notice include consent to such storage and processing outside of your jurisdiction.
5. Contractor and Other Third-Party Access to Personal Data
We give certain independent contractors access to Personal Data. Those contractors assist us with database management. All those contractors are required to sign contracts in which they promise to protect Personal Data using procedures reasonably similar to ours. (Users are not third-party beneficiaries of those contracts.) We also may disclose Personal Data to attorneys, collection agencies, or law enforcement authorities to address potential AUP violations, other contract violations, or illegal behavior. And we disclose any information demanded in a court order or otherwise required by law or to prevent imminent harm to persons or property.
As noted above, we compile Website usage statistics from data collected through cookies. We may publish those statistics or share them with third parties, but they don’t include Personal Data.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Notice, we do not share Personal Information with third parties.
6. Protection of Personal Data
We employ the data security tools to protect Personally Identifiable Information. And we take reasonable steps select vendors who make limited and legal use of your Personal Data. Unfortunately, even with these measures, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Data. By using our Website, you acknowledge and agree that we make no such guarantee, and that you use our Website at your own risk.
7. Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Data
You can access and change any Personal Data we store by contacting us via e-mail, at tba@toledobar.org.
8. Special Terms related to the European Economic Area
If you are in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the provisions of this Section H apply to you, effective May 25, 2018.
Legal Basis for Processing
We may process your Personal Data because you have given us permission to do so (e.g., by sending data through our contact or order forms), because the processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights, or because we need to process your Personal Data to comply with the law.
Your Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
If you wish to know what Personal Data we hold about you, to have us remove it, or otherwise to exercise your rights, please contact us at tba@toledobar.org. In some cases, you also have the following rights related to your Personal Data:
•         The right to access, update, or delete your Personal Data.
•         The right of rectification—to have your information altered if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
•         The right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
•         The right of restriction—to request that we restrict how we process your Personal Data.
•         The right to data portability—to receive a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
•         The right to withdraw consent to our processing of your Personal Data.
•         The right to complain to an EEA data protection authority (a government agency) about our management of your Personal Data.
9. Amendment of This Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time by posting a new version on this page or on a successor page. The new version will become effective on the date it’s posted, which will be listed at the top of the page as the new Effective Date.
10. Contacting Us
For questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at tba@toledobar.org.
{{#if events}} {{#events}}
{{moment startDateISO format='MMMM'}} {{moment startDateISO format='DD'}}
{{truncate title 40}}
More info
{{/events}} {{/if}}
See All CLE
Upcoming Events
See all CLE
ADVERTISEMENT
FRIENDS OF TOLEDO BAR
See All Sponsors