http://www.marketplaceleaders.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Marketplace Leaders Marketplace Leaders
Marketplace Leaders Helping You Fulfill God's Calling
Donate
join our community
About
Conferences
Mentorship
Articles
Bookstore
TGIF Blog
DAILY WORKPLACE INSPIRATION BY OS HILLMAN
Home
Subscribe to TGIF, Today God Is First
Donate
Free Resources
Become A Change Agent
TGIF Devotional
Os Hillman Speaking
Training, Equipping, and Articles
Online Video Courses
Events, Conferences & Network Groups
Prayer & Support
About Marketplace Leaders
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
MarketplaceLeaders.org has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information-gathering and dissemination practices for the web site of MarketplaceLeaders.org
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to record proof of opt-in when you subscribe to our newsletter(s).
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to control the displaying of items such as pop-up windows on our site.
Subscription Forms
Our site’s subscription forms may require users to give us contact information (name, email, postal address, etc.) and demographic information (age, gender, etc.)
Contact information from the subscription forms is used to communicate with subscriber via email and snail mail. NO INFORMATION IS SHARED, LOANED, SOLD, OR MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTY WHATSOEVER except where legally required to do so.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. MarketplaceLeaders.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and does not necessarily endorse the views or opinions expressed on such sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our service only sends e-mail to opted-in subscribers and those that have made a business transaction with our company. Any email recipient may opt out at any time by clicking the appropriate unsubscribe link prominently located at the bottom of an email we sent, or by forwarding the email received to a member of our staff with instructions to be unsubscribed.
Data Quality/Access
Users can manage their email address, frequency, and subscription(s) by clicking the “Manage Subscription” link in the header of an email received from us.
Contacting the Web Site
For questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, contact:
Marketplace Leaders
PO Box 69
Cumming, GA 30028
678.455.6262
Subscribe FREE to TGIF, Today God Is First, received by thousands of people worldwide. Receive the eBook How to Discover Why God Made You, FREE!
First Name: *
Last Name: *
Email Address: *
* Required
Our Mission
About Us
ML Directory
Contact Us
Statement of FaithTeam
The Faith & Work Movement
Prayer & Counsel
Call our Prayer Line
Join Prayer Team
Donate
FREE Articles
Overcoming Adversity
Android & iPhone Apps
Free Resources
Privacy Policy
TGIF, Today God is First
Subscribe FREE!
Not getting TGIF?
Today's Devotional
Testimonies
Host TGIF on your websiteTGIF GroupsAd Sponsorship
TGIF Apps
TGIF Merch
FAQ
Search TGIF1
Search TGIF2
Request Re-Print Permission
TGIF Radio Minute
Faith, Work, & Culture Radio Show
Os Hillman
Bio
Testimony
Books by Os Weekly Podcast with Os
Os' Calendar
Invite
Os, Pamela or Charis to SpeakOs' Facebook
Follow Os on Twitter
Publicity Photos
3 Greatest Lies
Change Agent Book
The Upside of Adversity
The 9 to 5 Window
Listening to the Father's Heart email devotional
Mentoring & Training
Teleseminars & Webinars
Calendar of Events
Change Agent Network Executive Coaching
Change Agent Weekend
Host a Change Agent Weekend
Purchase the Change Agent Video Course
Experiencing the Father's Love
Podcasts
Videos
Powerpoints
Free Resources
Atlanta Area Events
Online Training
Workplace Ministry
Workplace Evangelism
Workplace Ministry Tools
"Dear Pastor" Letter
Purpose & Calling
Church-based Ministry
Biblical Worker Self-Assessment
CEOs and Business Owners
ICWM
Host TGIF on your websiteTGIF Groups
Resources
TGIF Affiliates
Business Men's Fellowship
God's Not Dead The Movie
FaithTalk Ministries
Family Foundations
Lifework Leadership
Marketplace Message
Medtronic
Ministry to Men
Wilmar Area Faith@Work
ML Partnerships
9 to 5 By the Bay
ML South Africa
© 2015 Marketplace Leaders. All Rights Reserved.
Site Design by Dale Interactive