http://www.tpcc.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Error
Traders Point Christian Church Inc. ("TPCC") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the TPCC website, TPCC mobile apps, and TPCC secondary web sites ("Applications"), and governs data collection and usage. By subscribing, registering, and/or using the Applications, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Here is our promise:TPCC does not sell, rent, or lease its person lists to third parties.We keep all your information secure.You may unsubscribe at anytime from TPCC marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of the company's emails. Additionally, you may unsubscribe by contacting TPCC at 317.769.5557 or info@tpcc.org.Collection of your Personal InformationWhen you subscribe, register, make purchases, or fill out a form on our applications, TPCC collects and stores personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, postal mailing address, and/or telephone number. TPCC may also collect this and other types of personal information during the course of dealing with you, for example when you wish to obtain goods or services from TPCC, when you register for conferences or events, and when you participate in TPCC activities.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by TPCC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.Use of your Personal InformationWe use the information you provide for the purposes for which it was originally collected, for example, to respond to your email or to provide the programs or services you requested. We may also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our website, to better understand the needs and interests of the people and organizations that use our website, and to improve our programs and services.TPCC does not sell, rent, or lease its people lists to third parties. TPCC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external strategic partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, TPCC may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide support. Such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TPCC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Consent and AcknowledgementTPCC encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from TPCC so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. TPCC is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the TPCC direct control or the use of your information by such outside websites.TPCC websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on TPCC or the Applications; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of TPCC (including enforcing this agreement); and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users of TPCC, or the public.Security of your Personal InformationNo method of safeguarding information is 100% secure. TPCC uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementTPCC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. TPCC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how TPCC is protecting your information. When such a change is made, we will update the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this statement.Contact InformationTPCC welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that TPCC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TPCC at info@tpcc.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. TPCC (Northwest location) is located at 6590 S Indianapolis Rd, Whitestown, IN 46075. We can be reached by phone at 317.769.5557 Monday to Thursday 8 am to 5 pm EST and Friday 8 am to noon EST.Last Updated April 7, 2017
FAQ
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Traders Point Christian Church. All Rights Reserved.
Web Design
by