http://www.willmsshier.com/our-firm/privacy-policy
skip to main content
Practice Areas
Aboriginal Law
Aboriginal Law & Consultation
Aboriginal Litigation and Dispute Resolution
Community Training and Capacity Building
Corporate Development, Economic Development & Strategic Planning
Environmental & Regulatory
First Nations Lands & Renewable Energy
IBAs and Other Resource Project Agreements
Energy Law
Appeals and Administrative Challenges
Brownfield Reclamation Projects
Clean Tech
Climate Change
Energy Litigation
Environmental Assessments
First Nations Lands & Renewable Energy
Natural Resource Law
Power Purchase Agreements
Regulatory Compliance
Renewable Energy Approvals and Agreements
Renewable Energy Service
Representation at the Ontario Energy Board
Wind Energy
Environmental Law
Approvals & Compliance
Air, Noise and Vibration Emissions
Contaminated Land & Brownfields
Drinking Water & Source Protection
Environmental Assessment
Environmental Management
Industrial Pollution Control
Pesticides, New Substances Notification
Waste Management
Wastewater Treatment
Wastewater Treatment & Management
Clean Tech
Contaminated Land & Brownfields
Brownfield Clean-up & Redevelopment
Contaminated Site Litigation
Transactions & Financing
Environmental Litigation
Environmental Management
Corporate Environmental Policy
Environmental Auditing
Environmental Management System (EMS) & ISO 14001
Environmental Risk Analysis or Risk Assessment
Environmental Site Assessment (ESA) (Federal and Provincial)
First Nations & Environmental Law
Government Policy & Law
Green Intellectual Property Protection
Land Use Planning & Development
Municipalities (Environmental Law for Municipalities)
Regulatory Orders & Prosecutions
Litigation
Aboriginal Litigation
Civil Lawsuits
Contaminated Site Litigation
Disaster & Catastrophic Event Litigation
Energy Litigation
Environmental Litigation
Insurance Litigation
Northern
Intersection Between Federal and Northern Governments
Northern Aboriginal Law and Consultation
Northern Corporate/Commercial Legal Support
Northern Environmental Impact Assessments
Northern Land and Water Law and Policy
Northern Land Claims Implementation
Northern Wildlife Law and Management
Our Firm
Accomplishments
CLE Seminars
Career Opportunities
Cases
Memberships
Testimonials
Lawyers
Julie Abouchar
Charles Birchall
Richard Butler
Giselle Davidian
John
J. P.
Donihee
Matthew Gardner
John Georgakopoulos
Raeya
Jackiw
Marc McAree
Carl S. McKay
Alessia Petricone-Westwood
Donna S. K. Shier
Anand Srivastava
Jacquelyn Stevens
Madiha Vallani
Joanna Vince
Lauren Wortsman
Resources
Speaking Engagements
News
Articles
Books
Contact Us
Moot
Environment • Aboriginal • Energy
Privacy Policy
AccomplishmentsCLE SeminarsCareer OpportunitiesCasesMembershipsTestimonials
Willms & Shier is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and personal information.
Willms & Shier does not use cookies nor does Willms & Shier use any electronic means to automatically collect personal information from you or your computer; however, Willms & Shier web servers will automatically collect IP addresses and we may view our web server IP log from time to time to prevent fraudulent acts and possible network attacks.
The only personal information Willms & Shier collects via the Website is the information voluntarily supplied by you when you register for access or subscribe to our publications.
It is the policy Willms & Shier to treat your personal information as private and confidential and to restrict the use and disclosure of such personal information to the specific purpose for which it was provided. Willms & Shier will not sell your personal information to any third party unless specifically authorized by you to do so or as required by law. We may use your name and address/email address to send you information on environmental law, or promoting our services, or related services that we believe may interest you.
Although we strive to ensure that your personal information is protected at all times, we cannot guarantee that your communication over the Internet is fully secure or that the information you transmit to Willms & Shier will not be intercepted and/or misused by third parties.
At all times, you shall have the right to access, verify and amend your personal information provided to and maintained by Willms & Shier. In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent to the collection and treatment of your personal information by Willms & Shier. To access, edit or delete your personal information provided to Willms & Shier, please contact info@www.willmsshier.com . Willms & Shier reserves the right to maintain your personal information off-line as may be required or permitted by applicable law.
In providing Willms & Shier with personal information through the Website, you consent to the collection and treatment of that information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Revised: Oct 04, 2005