http://www.insurance.ca.gov/0250-insurers/0500-legal-info
Insurers Overview
/ Legal Information
Legal Information
Insurance Code
Regulations
Proposed Regulations
Decisions and Rulings
Hearing Calendar
Bulletins and Notices
The Department of Insurance periodically issues bulletins, notices and opinions which clarify the department's official interpretation of certain issues or laws. New bulletins, notices and opinions are posted frequently.
Insurance Privacy Information
California Insurance Code Sections 791 - 791.27, the Insurance Information and Privacy Protection Act (IIPPA), provide protections for one's personally identifiable information, which is generally provided to an agent, broker or insurance company in order to apply for insurance or submit a claim.
Precedential Decisions of the Commissioner
Courts are generally expected to be even-handed, and the decisions that a court makes should generally be consistent over time. Therefore, earlier decisions of a court set "precedents" that the court may be expected to follow in future cases. State administrative agencies, including the California Department of Insurance, hold hearings and issue decisions that are somewhat analogous to civil court decisions. However, there are special rules for when administrative decisions can be relied on as precedents.
Proposition 103 Consumer Intervenor Process
Proposition 103 was adopted by California voters on November 8, 1988. This page provides general information about the proposition and the consumer intervenor process.
Auto Body Repairs and Replacement Parts
This page provides consumers with information regarding the repair of your automobile and the replacement parts. If you take your automobile to a repair shop, regulations in California state that replacement parts are only permitted if the insurance company can warrant that the parts are equal in kind, quality, safety, fit and performance. For more information, click on the link to this page to see what you can do.
Auto Body Repair Labor Rate Survey RegulationsThis page provides the public and insurers with information on the recently adopted Auto Body Repair Labor Rate Survey regulations.
Insurers Overview
Insurers
Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) Programs
OASIS
Legal Information
Insurance CodeRegulations & GuidanceWorkshop NoticesHearing CalendarGeneral Legal InformationDecisions and RulingsCentene
Data & Reports
COIN
Insurance Diversity Initiative
P&C Rate Filing
CRC
LRS
Google™ Translation Disclaimer
X
This Google™ translation feature is provided for informational purposes only.
The Department of Insurance is unable to guarantee the accuracy of this translation and is therefore not liable for any inaccurate information resulting from the translation application tool.
The Department of Insurance is also unable to guarantee the same page layout for all the languages. Depending on the languages, the page layout may look strange from the original.
Please consult with a translator for accuracy if you are relying on the translation or are using this site for official business.
A copy of this disclaimer can also be found on our Disclaimer page.
Select a Language Below / Seleccione el Idioma Abajo
Close this box or use the [X]