http://www.fwa.org/page/privacy
Privacy Policy
Join | Print Page | Contact Us | Report a Problem | Sign In
Toggle navigationMENUHomeEvents Events CalendarInternational Business ConferenceHoliday BenefitAnnual Awards CeremonyAnnual SummitEvent HighlightsPhoto GallerySuggest a SpeakerPodcasts/Webinars/BooksFWA StorePrograms Career CenterBack2BusinessMember2MemberResume BookFinancial LiteracyMentoringPacesetter ProgramWall Street ExchangeNews Member NewsPresident's MessagePress RoomExecutive Director's BlogSpotlight >> PacesettersMeet Our MenteesMentoring ReflectionsCommittee of the MonthMember of the MonthSpotlight ArchivePast Women of the YearPresident's Circle Member NewsFWA Message ArchiveGet Involved JOIN the FWAJoin a CommitteeCommittees Meeting CalendarCorporate SponsorshipJoin Our Email ListAbout Our StoryHistoryCorporate SponsorshipAlliancesPast Women of the YearAnnual ReportMedia & Press KitDonate #GivingTuesday2020Donate Online NowPlanned Giving
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Financial Women’s Association (“FWA”) Website, where we take your privacy seriously. This web page describes our policy regarding the collection and use of personal information from our members as well as the information we collect
from non-member visitors.
This privacy policy was last updated on July 15, 2010. FWA may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page regularly to ensure that you are aware
of any change.
Collection and Use of Personal Information for FWA Members
We collect certain personally identifying information from you off-line when you become a member of FWA such as your name and e-mail address, and we may update and collect additional information during the annual membership renewal process. We
refer to your personally-identifying information described in this policy collectively as “Your Information.” We may use Your Information to evaluate membership candidates and to contact our members, to send you material about FWA and its
events, and other information we think may be of interest to our members. In addition, if you choose to pay your membership dues or make other purchases by using a credit card, we will collect your credit card number and type, billing address,
expiration date, and other information necessary to process your credit card transaction. We do not, however, permanently store your credit card information.
We may disclose Your Information to third parties who help us provide products or services you have requested and only for that purpose, maintain the FWA website or as required by law, for example, we may use Your Information to process
credit card transactions or maintain membership databases, etc. We may post your name and contact information as part of our on-line membership directory on the FWA Web Site. This directory is password protected and will be accessible only
by FWA, FWA members, and by FWA’s service provider solely for the purpose of mailing materials prepared by FWA to FWA members.
Other Types of Information Collected About FWA Members
We may conduct anonymous surveys on our “About Us” web page, and present aggregate information about our members (e.g., members’ aggregate average income and level of education). We also may share this aggregate information with third-party sponsors
and other entities. Your Information that identifies you as an individual will not be disclosed to these third parties without your prior consent.
We may also collect information by using a “cookie” – a text file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer. The cookie merely tells us when your computer has contacted our site and allows automatic access to the password-protected
site.
Information Collected From FWA Members and Non-Members
There are other types of non-personally identifying information that we may collect when you visit our site, either as a member or as a non-member. For example, we may collect information regarding the type of browser you use and the pages you
visit in order to gather information on site usage.
Security and Access
We strive to keep your personal information in a secure manner and safeguard it from unauthorized access. If you want to review, correct, or update your membership information, contact us at fwaoffice@fwa.org or call (212) 533-2141. We will use
reasonable efforts to let you review your personal information in our files and, upon your instructions, to correct inaccuracies or delete incorrect information from our databases. If you do not want to be listed in the on-line membership
directory or to receive other information from us, please notify us by email or telephone.
Event Registration Acceptance Terms
Our events may be filmed, photographed and recorded. By registering for and attending an event, you acknowledge that any images, photographs and recordings are the property of the Financial Women’s Association (“FWA”). You also authorize FWA and
its designees to use your image, likeness and voice in connection with any reproduction, distribution and broadcast (in any medium now known or later developed) of the event, including footage or recordings produced by third parties and licensed
by FWA, and you further authorize FWA to use the same in its online and offline business communications and marketing.
The FWA may use a registrant’s contact information to provide the registrant with information about the organization, or to notify the registrant about similar events that may be of interest to them. We do not share any contact information
with individuals outside of the FWA.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about FWA’s privacy policy or practices, please email us at fwaoffice@fwa.org.
Donor Privacy Policy
FWA of New York, Inc.
The FWA of New York, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization (Tax ID No. 13-3092258) and is committed to respecting and preserving the privacy of all of its donors. This web page describes our policy regarding the collection and use of personal
information from our donors both on-line and off-line.
This privacy policy was last updated on April 30, 2008. We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page regularly to ensure that you are aware of any
changes.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect certain personally identifying information from you when you make a contribution to the FWA of New York, Inc. This information includes, for example, your name, address, firm affiliation, email address, the amount or value of the donation
and may also include certain financial information such as your bank account number, and in the case of credit card transactions, your credit card number and type, billing address, expiration date, and other information necessary to process
such credit card transaction. We refer to your personally-identifying information described in this policy collectively as “Your Information.” We do not permanently store your bank account or credit card information.
We may use Your Information to send you materials about the FWA of New York, Inc. events, including the FWA newsletter and invitations to our annual fundraising events such as the Annual Dinner and the Annual Holiday Party. We may also
use Your Information to send you any other information or materials we think may be of interest to you. Unless otherwise requested, we may also list FWA of New York, Inc. donors on the FWA website and in our publications.
We do not make information about our donors available except as provided herein. We may disclose Your Information to third parties who assist in maintaining the FWA Web Site or as required by law, for example, in our annual IRS filings
on Form 990. We may use Your Information to process financial transactions or maintain our databases.
Other Types of Information Collected
We may also collect information by using a “cookie” – a text file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer. The cookie merely tells us when your computer has contacted our site.
There are other types of non-personally identifying information that we may collect when you visit our site. For example, we may collect information regarding the type of browser you use and the pages you visit in order to gather information on
site usage.
Security and Access
We strive to keep your personal information in a secure manner and safeguard it from unauthorized access. If you wish to review, correct, or update Your Information, please contact us by email, by telephone or write to us at:
FWA of New York, Inc. 25 East 21st Street – Floor 6 New York, New York 10010 Attention: Executive Director
Email: fwaoffice@fwa.org
Telephone: (212) 533-2141
We will use all reasonable efforts to let you review your personal information in our files and, upon your instructions, to correct inaccuracies or delete incorrect information from our databases. If you do not want to be listed as a
donor in our publications or on our website or receive other information from us, please notify us by mail, email or telephone.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about donor privacy policy or practices, please email us at fwaoffice@fwa.org or write to us at the address listed above.
Social Networking Policy & Guidelines
Introduction
The FWA’s Social Media Policy & Guidelines applies to the FWA of New York, Inc. and to all FWA members, mentees, sponsors, partners and staff. The Policy and Guidelines addresses the use of all social networks (such as LinkedIn, Facebook,
Twitter, YouTube, et al.), social media, blogs, wikis and chat rooms, by FWA members acting as individuals or a group, and any other form of online publishing or discussion or user-generated content sites.
While the FWA may provide links on its website to certain social networking sites, these are not official FWA websites and are governed by the terms and conditions of the website sponsor. FWA participants should be mindful of the rules
and risks of these online communities. The inclusion of any link, or being linked, does not imply endorsement by the FWA of that site. In addition, please be aware that the FWA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. The
FWA encourages you to read the privacy statements of every website and social networking site that requests personal information from you.
We welcome your participation as a means of sharing your own experiences and thinking, suggesting enhancements, and being part of the conversation to keep our community pleasant and appropriate for all participants.
Members should be aware of the following:
Endorsements. The FWA does not endorse any specific social networking site. You are personally responsible for the content of your own posts that you publish on blogs, wikis or any other form of user-generated media, including
text input and uploaded files (videos, audio, executables, and documents).
Use of the FWA Logo. You may not use the FWA brand to endorse or promote any product, opinion, cause or political candidate. “Financial Women’s Association” and the logo “FWA” are registered trademarks of The FWA of New York,
Inc. and you must seek the permission and guidance of the Executive Director for use of these marks. You are not authorized to use the FWA name and/or the FWA marks on any social networking site absent such permission. You may not use
FWA marks in any way that suggests that the FWA sponsors, endorses and/or is the source of the posting or social networking site.
New Groups. You may not create a group using the FWA’s name or logo or committee name without the permission of the FWA Leadership as designated by the President or Executive Director. An FWA leader, as designated by the President
or Executive Director, will also ensure that participation in the group is limited to fully paid Members and/or FWA Staff or Mentees. FWA Members may participate in these social networking sites on an individual or group basis and will
safeguard any confidential information relating to their work for the FWA and its Committees and safeguard the FWA brand and FWA logo. See “Use of FWA Logo,” above.
Respect Rights. You should abide by the terms and conditions of the site, in particular the FWA and any social network site’s brands, trademarks, copyrights and logos. Additionally, you should not publish information that
is confidential or proprietary to the FWA, our sponsors or partners.
Moderator Guidelines. Moderation is the act of reviewing and approving content before it is published on the site. Please note that content originating inside the FWA is not moderated. This means we allow our Members, Staff
and Mentees who blog to post directly without prior approval.
Removal of Content. FWA reserves the right to remove any content that violates its Social Media Policy & Guidelines or other FWA policies and guidelines, such as its Privacy Policy.
Guidelines to Follow When Using Social Media
Identify yourself & be transparent. If you are blogging about your activities for/with the FWA, be clear about your role: use your real name, identify that you are an FWA Member/Employee/Mentee. If you have a vested interest
in something you are discussing, be the first to point it out.
Know our Policies. Protect Members’ Privacy.
Responsibility for Your Statements. You are personally responsible for the content of your own posts that you publish on blogs, wikis or any other form of user-generated media. Be mindful that what you publish will be public
for a long time. You must not contain or link to libelous, defamatory or harassing content, even by way of example or illustration. You must not publish information that is confidential or proprietary to the FWA, our sponsors or partners.
Write what you know. Make sure you write and post about your areas of expertise, especially as related to the FWA and its activities. Write in the first person. If you publish to a website outside the FWA and it has something
to do with work you do for or subjects associated with the FWA, use a disclaimer such as: “The postings on this site are my own, and don’t represent the FWA’s positions or opinions.” It must be clear that all opinion is your own and does
not represent the views of the FWA. Further, all statements must be true and not misleading. What you publish is widely accessible, can be quickly forwarded by others to large communities, and will be around for a long time, so consider
the content carefully.
Pause. If you’re about to publish something that makes you even the slightest bit uncomfortable, don’t shrug it off and hit “send.” Take a minute to review these guidelines and try to figure out what’s bothering you, and then
fix it. Ultimately, what you publish is your responsibility so be sure.
Create some excitement. As the leading professional organization that connects, educates and advances women in business and finance, the FWA is making important contributions to the community and to public dialogue on a broad
range of issues. Let’s share with others the exciting things we’re learning and doing – and open up the channels to learn from others. Find out who else is blogging or publishing on the topic, and cite them as the source.
Invite conversations. Talk to your readers like you would talk to real people in professional situations. Don’t be afraid to bring in your own personality and say what’s on your mind. Consider content that’s open-ended and
invites response. Encourage comments. You can also broaden the conversation by citing others who are blogging about the same topic and allowing your content to be shared.
Be an “Ambassador” for compliments and criticism. As an FWA Member, you are one of our most vital assets for monitoring social media channels. If you come across positive or negative remarks about the FWA online that may be
important, please forward them to the designated FWA leader at fwaoffice@fwa.org to handle the matter. Avoid the temptation to react yourself.
The Bottom Line. The FWA reserves the right to delete any comments at any time. Users who persist in violating community guidelines may be barred from posting to FWA sites.
The FWA reserves the right to change its Social Media Policy & Guidelines at any time at its sole discretion without notice.
– Effective: June 14, 2011
Member Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Not a Member yet?
Latest News
more
10/2/2020President's Message - October 1, 2020
8/26/2020Vanessa Van Brunt Featured in Global Custodian Podcast
8/18/2020Out of Many, One
Calendar
more
10/15/2020FinTech 101-The FWA Way!10/19/2020Make Work WORK For You!10/29/2020The Changing Landscape of Commercial Finance11/6/2020Leading Through Times of Stress
(Third workshop in a series offered by Jacquelyn Wieland)11/9/2020Corporate Governance and Overcoming Inequality: Perspective from Women on Boards
Events
Programs
About
Committees
Membership
Corporate Sponsorship
Alliances
Join Our Email List
Contact Us
News
FWA Career Center
Post a Job
Search for Job Opening
Leadership Resource Center
PC Resource Center
FAQ
FWA Store
FWA of New York, Inc. 576 Fifth Avenue, Suite 903 New York, NY 10036
fwaoffice@fwa.org 212-533-2141
Donate
Financial Women’s Association and the logo “FWA” are registered trademarks of The FWA of New York, Inc. | Event Disclosure | Privacy Policy
Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal