http://www.saintatlarge.com/privacy-policy
Home Anniversary 2020
Home
Saint Foundation
Legacy
The Saint Shop
Email Sign Up
Photo Gallery
Homecoming 2019
The Black Party 2019
The Black Party 2018
The Black Party 2017
The Black Party 2016
The Black Party 2015
BPX 2015
Night People- Nov 2015
The Black Party 2014
All Saints Day 2014
The Black Party 2013
BBCM 2013
The Black Party 2012
The Black Party Expo 2012
The Black Party 2011
BPX 2011
The Black Party 2010
The Black Party Expo 2010
Letters to The Saint
BPX- Drawing Circle-Strongman
Black Party Trunk Show
Caligula Maximus
A Nightmare Before X-Mas
The Black Party Trunk Show 2
Media Archives
Archival DJ Sets
Video Trailers
Poster Gallery
Past Productions
Legacy
Timeline
Contact
At The Saint At Large we respect your right to personal privacy, online and off. Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide you with protection and value. And it's written in "plain English." Here are the highlights:We do not sell information about you, your Accounts or your transactions.When we share information, it is only according to the guidelines described in our Privacy Policy.We do not share information with third party marketers unless you expressly authorize us to share the information.You control how we contact you. As described in our Privacy Policy, cardmembers may exercise their options online, by mail or by phone.We have developed industry standard security to protect against the misuse of your information.This Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information about a consumer or a consumer's current or former customer relationship with us. Our Privacy Policy will evolve to meet the changing world in which we operate and we will promptly advise you of any changes to it as required by applicable law.I invite you to read our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or if anything is unclear, cardmembers can email us  . If you would like to modify your privacy options, log in and select account settings Privacy Is Important to UsWe believe that Privacy is a cornerstone of our customer relationship. In designing our business, we strive to find methods to guard your privacy while affording you opportunities to save time and money.We do not sell information about our customers, their Accounts, or transactions to others for their use.We do not share information about you, except in the limited circumstances described in our Privacy Policy.When we do share information it is limited to the information necessary for the particular circumstance.We restrict access to the information we obtain about you, only to appropriate employees and service providers for business purposes only.We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard against misuse of the information we obtain.Cookies"Cookies" are small computer files that are automatically placed on your computer's hard drive when you are connected to a website or remote server so that the website can recognize you upon your return to the website and tailor your experience based on your earlier use of the site and, in some cases, your earlier use of other sites. Our cookie does not collect information from your hard drive; rather, it allows us to recognize you and know how you navigated through our site. It is also part of our effort to detect and stop fraud. "Action tags" (also known as Web Beacons, Trackers, or Bugs) are invisible pixel .gif files placed on web pages that are used to track web navigation to those pages.We use a cookie for each computer that visits our site. The cookie is integral to the customer experience and is necessary to use our online services. It allows us to customize the website presentation based on your Accounts. While cookies, including ours, can be disabled through the privacy features in your web browser, if you disable our cookie you will not be able to use our website.Cookies may also be used by our partners who have links on our website. These cookies allow those partners to recognize you and monitor your use of the site. The partners will not get personal information about you unless, and until, you provide your information to them when visiting the partner's site. For more information about partners' use of cookies see their privacy policies.Companies that place our banner ads on other websites ("ad servers") also use action tags to understand how a person navigates on our site after responding to one of our banner ads. Any information collected is never linked to an individual and is only used in aggregate with other information generated by visitors to our site. You have the right to elect not to participate in this anonymous tracking of information, which is used to select which ads to display when you visit certain websites. In order to determine your comfort level with these companies' information practices you should review their privacy policies. Click on the advertiser name below to go to its website to learn more about that agency's privacy policy, its use of cookies and action tags, and the options available to you in relation to those cookies.Third Party ServicesThis Online Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages. Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, email address, or device ID. Our partners may link the nonpersonal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information.Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) helps us serve you marketing messages that are relevant to you, based on your behavior on the web. If you don't want to receive targeted advertising, you can opt out of OBA. This would remove your information from collection across Barclays, our affiliates, service providers and other companies we work with. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt Out Page below to opt out, and for additional information:networkadvertising.org/choices/If you choose to opt out of advertisements, you will still see ads, but they will probably be less relevant to you.Targeted AdsIf you see one of our advertisements being displayed on a third-party website, an AdChoices (also known as Advertising Option) icon is also displayed on that website. To opt out of the use of non-personal information in interest-based advertising of our products or services on third-party websites, click the AdChoices icon and follow the instructions. If you choose to opt out of interest-based advertising, a cookie will be placed on your browser to indicate your opt out decision.SecurityWe seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "Contact us" section above.