http://www.bible411.com/privacy
Home
Search
About
Who We Are
What We Do
Contact Information
Privacy Policy
Library
Studies in the Scriptures
Special Subject Booklets
Topical Study Newsletters
Studies in the Scriptures
Newsletters 2017 - 2019
December 2019 - What Does Christ’s Nativity Mean to Us Today?
September 2018 - The “Trinity”­—Is it Really a Mystery?
June 2018 - So Many Refugees!
October 2017 - Five Hundred Years! Has the Reformation Shifted into Reverse?
June / July 2017 - The Healing of the Nations
MARCH / APRIL 2017 - Whither Goes Our Withering World?
Subscribe to "Bible For Our Times" Newsletter
Newsletters 2011 - 2016
FALL 2016 - PASTOR OF EXCELLENCE
JULY / AUGUST 2016 - GOD LOVES YOU!
May / June 2016 - World Water Crisis
March / April 2016 - Judges—Justice and Judgment
January / February 2016 - What Is This World Coming To?
November / December 2015 - Artificial Intelligence
September / October 2015 - A Nation of Miracles!!!
July / August 2015 - God’s Tomorrow — or — Man’s “Tomorrowland”
May / June 2015 - A World of Violence and Tragedies
March / April 2015 - Exodus from Egypt?
January / February 2015 - Whose Land?
The Oldest Book on Earth
March / April 2014 - When Will God Free All Slaves?
December 2012 - A Great Shaking — Then a New Heavens and a New Earth
October 2012 - The Land of Israel—The Birthplace of Christianity
Novemeber 2011 - Should we be in...The Lord's Great Army?
Newsletters -
2000s
April 2005 - Church & State: At the Crossroads
April 2000 - Prayer Before School . . .
October 2001 - A Bible in Stone
News
Take Action
About
Who We Are
What We Do
Contact Information
Privacy Policy
Bible411.com Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting our web site Bible411.com.  Our privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites from Bible411.com, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.Collection of InformationWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.Distribution of InformationWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.Commitment to Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:By e-mail:  bible411.com@gmail.comBy Phone:  1-877-BIBLE-411* We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.