http://www.iconofile.com/default.asp?dir=help&page=privacy&session_id=
HOME
MY ACCOUNT
MY CART: Cart Empty
CHECKOUT
HELP
EVENTS
Exhibits
Lectures
Tours
Workshops
RESOURCE GUIDE
Cloisonné:
Enamel
Fiber Art:
Embroidery
Fiber Art:
Tapestries
Icons:
Appraisals
Icons:
Associations
Icons:
Boards, Panels
Icons:
Cases, Shelves
Icons:
Hand Painted
Icons:
Instruction
Icons:
Oklads
Icons:
Reproductions
Icons:
Restoration
Icons:
Schools
Mosaics:
Tile
Murals:
Hand Painted
Respousse:
Metal
Wood:
Hand-Carved Wood
BROWSE THE STORE
New Products
Sale Items
Multimedia CD-ROMs
Artists' Pigments
Brushes
Gilding Supplies
Grounds
Safety Supplies
Supports
Help : Privacy Policy
How We Protect Your Privacy
Overview
At Iconofile we care about your privacy and take special efforts to maintain your trust. We offer the Iconofile website which allows you to interact with Iconofile representatives, Iconofile volunteers and other users; this document describes our privacy policies and practices so you will feel more comfortable and confident in using our services. You should carefully read this Privacy Statement (the "Policy"). If you have any questions about this Policy, go to Customer Service Request Form.
This Policy applies only to information collected on the Iconofile website. It does not speak about our practices for information collected elsewhere or the practices of any third parties, including those who operate sites on our behalf and that display our branding.
General
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information for marketing purposes. Our goal is to act with respectable and professional conduct with respect to your privacy. We feel that trust is critically important to your use of our site and we know that in order to achieve this goal, we must ensure that all members are totally confident that their information is secure and private. Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our sites. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make you experience easier and quicker. With features such as previous order retrieval, pro-active first name
basis live customer service and saved orders are all made possible through our process of collecting information from our users. Our site has been optimized for usability with registered users. Those who are not registered will still have access to a large portion of the features. Please note however, that we may still collect information from non-registered users.
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. We are not responsible for minors who use their parents credit card.
About Iconofile Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your hard drive. A session cookie is only stored on your hard drive while you are actually visiting our sites, whereas a permanent cookie is stored permanently unless you delete it from your cookie file on your hard drive. Cookies are extensively used by websites as a convenient way to store information it knows about you. If you have not registered, cookies enable us to customize your shopping and browsing experience and help enable order retrieval, saved orders and name based live customer support. Most browsers allow you to configure your preferences to notify you when cookies are being placed on your hard drive or to reject all cookies. If you disable the Iconofile cookies you will still be able to enjoy
most of our site's features but some aspects will not be enabled.
About IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider such as AOL or Earthlink, your IP address probably varies each session-thus making it difficult for us to use your IP address (by itself) to determine who you are. When you visit the Iconofile website, our servers log your IP address, which is used for, among other things, systems administration and aggregated usage reports.
Information We Collect
Registration Information
Cookies and IP Addresses
Purchases and other activities. If you buy products or take part in other activities on our network we automatically store that information regarding the transaction or activity.
Referred Information. If you were referred to our Site from another web site, that website may send us information that you provided to them. We will collect, use and protect that information they provide to us, just as if you provided it to us. Affiliates will be able to see that a purchase was made after linking from their site but they will not be able to see who or what was purchased.
Our Use of Your Information
We primarily use your information to facilitate our services. The main purpose is to facilitate sales transactions and the shipping process. We will use your contact information to send you notices regarding your activity on our site and perhaps sales notifications or other special offers. If you elected to be put on the Iconofile Mailing List then you will receive that content as well.
Future Services. We also use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our sites' content, layout and services.
We do not sell or give out any of your information to any third parties. In the event, however, of an investigation, or if we have suspicion of fraud or other illegal activities we may provide your information to the proper authorities.
Security of Your Information
We make every effort to follow industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of each user's personal information. All credit card information you submit is encrypted through our Verisign secure server software (SSL). When you conduct a transaction on our site or when you log into your account, we encrypt all of your credit card information and store that information in our secure data center. All transactions are conducted through our secure servers, which are protected behind state-of-the-art firewalls. However, "absolute 100%" security does not exist on the Internet and therefore you should not expect that your information may never be disclosed.
Email and Mailing Lists
Your Use of Email Tools and Refer a Friend. We provide you with a few tools so that you can contact friends to refer an item or refer our site to them. If you use these tools, your name will be included in the email. We do not store, in an easily-retrievable way, the email addresses of the people you are communicating with. You may not use these features to send unsolicited email or to send material that would otherwise violate this Policy. Without limiting the foregoing, please do not use these features to send email to any person whom you feel would not like to receive such messages. In any event, you should not assume that emails sent through these features are private.
You may also not register anyone for the Iconofile Mailing List who has not given you prior permission or who you feel would no longer wish to receive those messages.
Limitations
While it is our mission to run our service perfectly to ensure your satisfaction, technology is never perfect. We may make inadvertent uses and disclosures of your information in ways not described in this Policy. For example, if the software has a crash or a virus, your personal information could be displayed on the site even though you have configured your preferences otherwise. We may also make ad hoc uses of your information in ways we have not contemplated here. We will do our best to work with you if these types of situations arise, but your sole remedy in these cases is to have us try to fix the problem as soon as we possibly can.
Control of Your Password. Except as specifically permitted by this Section, you may not disclose your password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password AND notify an Iconofile representative.
Iconofile will in no event be held liable to any user or customer of the Iconofile website for any damages or breach of this privacy policy. We will use our best efforts to maintain this policy but it is not to be taken in any way as a guarantee and users must understand that hacker attacks, viruses, natural disasters and other computer problems may cause a loss of your information which is beyond our control.
Limitations
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact Iconofile by sending a letter to:
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
Iconofile, Inc.
PO Box 112
Willits, CA 95490 USA
Questions regarding this statement can also be directed to webmaster@iconofile.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Iconofile, Inc. may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
HELP
FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY
ACCEPTABLE USE
CONTACT
â°±1 Iconofile, Inc. All rights reserved.