http://www.schwimmerlegal.com/category/parodyspeech
Skip to content
Followers of the legal treatments of parodies of trademarks may want to skip immediately to footnote 4 of the decision. You see the top two pictures above? One side of the bag says ‘My Other Bag …” and the other side is a depiction of an LV bag. Get it? Ok, that’s fair use. LV’s […]
HERSHEY COMPANY v. FRIENDS OF STEVE HERSHEY
http://t.co/6wWmNFLu5a — TrademarkBlog (@TrademarkBlog) September 6, 2014
Let me just channel the voice of an old cranky person first: the reason why the fact that Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino is a wealthy person is a bad thing, is that it sends the message to young people that you don’t actually have to work hard at math or science or some other useful […]
Plaintiff uses the mark UTAH LIGHTHOUSE in connection with goods and services that critque Mormonism. There has been extensive history between plaintiff and the LDS faith. Defendant FAIR responds to such critiques, and created a parody website that was similar in appearance to that of Plaintiff. Defendant used domain names such as UTAHLIGHTOUSE.COM to direct […]
Those of you not put off by the blogging ‘inside baseball’ aspect to this post will be interested by the dispute between blogger/author/interviewer Shel Israel, author of ‘Naked Conversations,’ and the naked Shel Israel parody puppet. As noted by TechCrunch, the parody show seems to be doing better than the original, which does not please […]
From the August 2002 Trademark Blog, we dredge up a Judge Mukasey opinion in the TIMMY HOLEDIGGER case. Tommy Hilfiger had gone after a parody usage for pet perfumes and the Judge cited language in the previous Barbie Girl in which the Court had advised the parties to chill. Discussion here.
TheSmokingGun provides a copy of the complaint filed by Evel Knievel in the Middle District of Florida, alleging that musician Kanye West infringed Mr. Knievel’s rights in his name, likeness and jumpsuit (I’m serious about the jumpsuit), by portraying a character named EVEL KANYEVEL who attempts to leap a canyon in a rocket, in his […]
Use of TRUTH FOR YOUTH to support sex education protested by pastor who owns uses TRUTH FOR YOUTH for bibles.
Atrios is the pseudonym for a blogger who writes for the popular Eschaton blog. Three times today he posted critical comments of Arlen Specter and ended all of them by providing Specter’s contact info and the exhortation that his readers call Specter and ask him provocative questions. If many people called Specter and ask him […]
Hard to summarize. See here.
Posts navigation
1
2
Older posts