http://www.navs.org/additional-information/navs-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
NAVS Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you share personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out an online form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other NAVS employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
Email Privacy
NAVS will not provide, sell or rent your email address to any outside organizations.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
NAVS participates in postal mailing list exchanges and may, on occasion, share your postal mailing information via trade, rental or purchase with other non-profit organizations whose missions we feel complement ours. If you wish to have your name and mailing information excluded from such exchanges, you may do so by contacting us at 800-888-NAVS (6287) or navs@navs.org. All NAVS emails provide an opportunity to opt-out of further electronic communications of that nature. If you wish to be removed from all NAVS mailings—postal or email—you may do by contacting us via phone or email. You may also contact us to make changes to your contact information.
Transaction and Data Security
The NAVS.org website utilizes industry-standard and generally accepted security software and encryption to protect against unauthorized access to our web servers and data. This includes, but is not limited to, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology which encrypts online transaction data to prevent that information from being viewed and/or used outside the system. The NAVS.org website does not retain credit card information.
DISCLAIMER:
The policies contained in this statement do not extend to any non-NAVS website linked to NAVS.org. Please refer to these companies, organizations, and sites directly for their policies regarding data privacy and security.
Take Our Survey
© 2020 National Anti-Vivisection Society