http://www.arkansas.gov/w3c/datacollectionpolicy.html
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for Information Network of Arkansas (INA Network Manager), a public instrumentality created by Act 1139 of 1995 as amended and those agencies hosted by INA.
Our homepage on the Web is located at
http://www.arkansas.gov/.
The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
http://www.arkansas.gov/w3c/datacollectionpolicy.html
Users may go to
http://www.arkansas.gov/accessanswers.php for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
This policy was created to meet the requirements of Arkansas Act 1713 of 2003.
We invite you to contact us, or the agency directly, if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by mail at the following address:
Information Network of Arkansas
425 West Capitol Ave.
Suite 1620
Little Rock, AR 72201
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at
info@ark.org.
You may call us at 1-877-727-3468.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Customer Service:
We invite you to contact us, or the agency directly, if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:Information Network of Arkansas
425 West Capitol Ave.
Suite 1620
Little Rock, AR 72201
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at info@ark.org. You may call us at +1 877 727 3468.
Arkansas Freedom of Information Act:
Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is available from government web sites through the Information Network of Arkansas is subject to these principles and policies: The Arkansas government has information about individuals, or which can be identified or associated with a particular individual, and this information is contained in the public records of the Arkansas state and local government. The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act addresses the type of government information which is available to the public.
See Ark. Code Ann. § 25-19-105. Information generally available under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and not made confidential elsewhere in the Arkansas Code or by federal law may be posted for electronic access through the Information Network of Arkansas. The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act recognizes many concerns people have with regard to public records that include information about them, including the right to correct inaccurate information. Consequently, persons concerned with regard to information about them should contact the custodian of the record, which typically is the state agency or other governmental entity that collects and maintains the information. Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is collected by government web sites through the Information Network of Arkansas is subject to these principles and policies:
The information collected should only be that necessary to provide the information or services sought by the requester, just as a person might provide such information when visiting a governmental office in person. The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act, Ark Code Ann., § 25-19-101 through 25-19-107, or to other applicable sections of the Arkansas Code. You do not have to provide personal information to visit the network's Web sites or download this information. The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers used to visit network sites are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites and how to better design services and facilitate access to them. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office. Various commercial Web sites may be linked through the network. These private sector sites are not subject to the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. Visitors to those sites may wish to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information.
Additional Information
This policy is valid for 1 day from the time that it is loaded by a client.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 3 data groups.
The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Access log information"
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by the agency, network manager and our agents, or other agencies required or permitted by law.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Our Web server collects access logs
containing this information.
Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by the agency, network manager and our agents, or other agencies required or permitted by law.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to
our site, so we can better understand
what portions of our site best serve
you. We also use cookies to allow
our server to maintain information
about the contents of your shopping
cart.
Group "Transaction info (optional)"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
Physical contact information
Online contact information
Demographic data
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products. The user must opt-in to this usage.
This data will be used by the agency, network manager and our agents, or other agencies required or permitted by law.
In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information we collect in order to process your requested information.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Completing the user's current activity
User targeting
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="CAO DSP COR LAW CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa CONi OUR DELa BUS IND PHY ONL UNI COM NAV DEM STA"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
FieldMeaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
CAO
Access is available to contact and other information.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
LAW
Privacy law specifies penalties for a violation of this policy.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
CONi
The data is used for contacting the user, if the user selects it.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
DELa
The data is given to delivery services.
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
PHY
Physical contact information is collected.
ONL
Online contact information is collected.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
DEM
Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.
STA
State-management data is collected
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie.
The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium.
In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context.
This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6.
IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.