https://www.sosj.org.au/homepage-2/website-privacy-policy/
The Sisters of Saint Joseph
Saint Mary MacKillop
Father Julian Tenison Woods
Contact Us
Online store
Back to Menu
Aboutthe Sisters
About Us
Who We Are
Where We Are
Living as Sisters
What We Are Doing
Ways of Commitment
Governance for Mission
Congregational Leadership
Regional Leaders
Connections
150 Years
History
South Australia
Queensland
New South Wales
Goulburn – The Early Days
The Perthville Story
Aotearoa New Zealand
Whanganui
Victoria
Tasmania
Western Australia
Ireland
Timor Leste
Peru
Brazil
Spirituality
Prayer Requests
Mary’s Values
Our Emblem
Our Foundress Mary MacKillop
Mary’s Story
Beginnings
Growth
Challenges
Fulfilment
Mary’s Legacy
Introduction
Following Mary’s Death
Expanding Horizons
Central and Federation Josephites
Mary MacKillop Prayer
Post your Prayer
Read Posted Prayers
Tour the Chapel
Canonisation
Introduction
Recognising Mary
Ceremony
Process
Mary’s Path
After Canonisation
Inspiration from Mary
Mary’s Image Permissions
Our Founder Julian Tenison Woods
Julian’s Story
Inspirational Pioneering Priest and Polymath
Priest, Scientist, Citizen, Founder and Educator
Why Did Fr Julian Woods Found the Josephites?
First steps towards the Foundation of the Order
A New Rule for a New Time
130th Anniversary of Death
Julian’s Legacy
The Original Rule 1867
Ecological Relevance
Julian: Inspiration for Today
The Confluence of Julian’s Life in France
Ego to Eco Webinar
Laudato Si’ Webinar
Julian Tenison Woods – Bush Scientist: Geologist
Celebration Video on Father Julian Tenison Woods
Memorials
Father Woods’ Park
Stable School Park
Tenison Woods Mountain
Inspiration from Julian
Julian’s Image Permissions
Get Involved
Together in Mission
Josephite Boards
Mary MacKillop Today
Ethica Accessories
Good Grief
St Anthony’s Family Care
Josephite Companions
JCoLT News
JCoLT Newsletters
JCoLT Documents
Companions Events
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Companions Newsletters
Companions Resources
Youth Involvement
Volunteer
Groups in the Same Spirit
Colloquiums
NSW Colloquium
Melbourne Colloquium
Tasmanian Colloquium
News
Latest News
Events
eNews
Resources
Introduction
Educational Resources
Josephite Books
Online Retreats and Novenas
St Joseph Novena
St John the Baptist Novena
St Mary MacKillop Novena
Julian T Woods Novena
Sunday Readings – Year A
Sunday Readings – Year B
Sunday Readings – Year C
Individual and group use of reflections for the Sundays of Year C
Mary’s Spirituality
Image Request Form
Daily Reflections
Image Reflections
Quotes from Mary
Julian’s Spirituality
Image Resources
Articles on Julian
Quotes from Julian
Pilgrimages
Pilgrimage
Australian National Pilgrimage
Various Pilgrimages
Prayers and Devotions
Online Store
General Resources
Sabbatical Opportunities
Mary MacKillop
NAIDOC
Josephite Ministry
Sacred Heart Reflection
Donate to our Work
Donations
Bequests
Our Centres
Safeguarding
Safeguarding Commitment
Safeguarding Framework
National Redress Scheme
Sisters of Saint Joseph Child Safeguarding Policies
National Catholic Safeguarding Standards
Integrity in Ministry
Integrity in Service of the Church
Josephite Login
Mary MacKillop Place
North Sydney
NSW
Mary MacKillop Heritage Centre
East Melbourne
Vic
Mary MacKillop Precinct
Kensington
SA
Mary MacKillop Centre
Perth
WA
Josephite Mission & History Centre
Hobart
Tas
Josephite Hospitality and Spirituality Centres
Aotearoa New Zealand
St Joseph's Spirituality and Education Centre
Kincumber South
NSW
St Joseph's Centre for Reflective Living
Baulkham Hills
NSW
St Joseph's by the Sea
Williamstown
Vic
MacKillop
Hill Forth
Tas
Kilmolee at
Safety Bay
WA
Villa Maria Spirituality Centre
Fortitude Valley
Qld
St Joseph's Heritage and Conference Centre
Perthville
NSW
Mary MacKillop Penola Centre
Penola
SA
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
The Congregation of the Sisters of Saint Joseph, ABN 33 293 441 659, is committed to a world in which the rights and dignity of each person is realised.
Introduction
This encompasses our commitment to our staff, our supporters and the communities with whom we interact. Therefore the Sisters of Saint Joseph seek not just to comply with the requirements of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act), including the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs), and any other applicable privacy laws in Australia, we also seek to demonstrate a culture of best practice within a spirit of accountability and respect.
This Privacy Policy sets out the way in which we collect, use and disclose your personal information.
This Privacy Policy also helps you understand why and how we collect and use personal information, and what to do if you have questions, concerns or complaints.
By visiting our website at www.sosj.org.au signing up to our eNews, signing a petition, placing a prayer, purchasing from the Online Store, applying for employment with us, making a donation or otherwise providing us with your personal information, you acknowledge that your personal information may be collected, used and disclosed as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will occasionally make updates to this Privacy Policy, so we will note the date of the last change at the top of the page. Updates to the Privacy Policy are effective from the date that they are posted on the website.
What information do we collect?
The Sisters of Saint Joseph regularly ask for information that helps us to engage with you. We collect personal information about individuals including supporters, volunteers, contractors and job applicants.  It is your choice how much information you provide and you may deal with us on an anonymous basis or by using a pseudonym when you make inquiries through our Website; or make general inquiries by telephone and do not require a further response from us; or to make a donation anonymously.  We may however, need certain contact details from you to respond to inquiries or to otherwise communicate with you.
Below are some examples of what information we commonly collect:
Personal details, like name or date of birth
Contact details
Payment information for donations
Interests and opinions
Online activity i.e. Prayers or purchases
Your communication preferences
Employment history, educational qualifications, tax file numbers and volunteering history – in respect of prospective employees and volunteers
Conversations by phone or email with our staff and volunteers.
How do we collect personal information?
In most cases, we’ll ask you for this information directly (for example, by asking you to complete a job application, by sending you a survey or when you make inquiries about us).
In some instances, we may collect personal information about individuals from third parties, such as:
Recruitment agencies or other third parties who advise us of your potential interest in a role or from referees for potential employees, volunteers or contractors;
Where we obtain such information from other, publicly available resources, such as telephone directories.
Some information is also collected automatically (such as online activity by visitors to our website). This information is not linked to any personally identifiable details.
How do we secure and store your information?
To protect your privacy and personal information, when you contact us we may ask you to confirm your identity by getting you to confirm the details we have on record, such as your current address, email and/or phone number.
We keep most of your personal information secure in our supporter database and conduct regular tests and audits to ensure that information is held securely and safely. Physical copies of your information, such as job application forms are kept securely and destroyed if not needed. Staff and volunteers are required to sign our policies relating to privacy, and all staff are expected to have a current police check.
Why do we collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information?
We collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information as necessary for purposes directly related to our works and activities, including:
Processing donations and completing financial transactions, including issuing of thank you letters
Communicating with you via mail, email or phone
Responding to your questions, comments or other requests
Analysing our effectiveness
Any other purpose identified at the time of collecting your information.
Any personal contact information you provide to us may be disclosed, if appropriate, to third parties who provide services on our behalf, such as mail, database, telephone, IT, audit, professional advice, payment processing and research services. We may also disclose your personal information to our volunteers who assist with many of our tasks.
We will only disclose your personal information:
With your consent; or
For a purpose which you would reasonably expect; or
As required or permitted by law; or
In accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of cookies across our digital services (including online and mobile services)
We track traffic patterns throughout the URL (website) registered to us.
We use “cookies” on our website. A “cookie” is a small amount of information which is transferred to the hard drive of your computer and which can identify your web browser, but not you. You can disable your web browser from accepting cookies if that is your preference. If you do so, you can still access our website, but not all services may be available.
We may automatically collect general statistical information on our website about visitors to our website, such as IP addresses, browsers used, dates visited, pages visited and number of visitors. However, such information does not refer to individuals by name or their contact details. We use this data in aggregate to improve our website. We may provide such aggregated data to third parties, but in so doing, we do not provide personal information without the individual’s consent.
For more information on access to personal information please click here.
Children’s privacy protection
The Sisters of Saint Joseph understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the online world. Our website is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13. Any photos or images displayed on our website of children will have been published with express written permission from the parent and/or guardian.
Links on our website
The Sisters of Saint Joseph website may contain links to other websites, for example to display images, show videos or credit source references. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute our sponsorship, endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites and we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your use of this embedded content.
Social Media
The Sisters of Saint Joseph Site may contain links to Internet sites, apps or third party applications or widgets operated by other companies that we don’t own or control. These links might have been added by us or by a User, such as in a submitted comment. The Sisters of Saint Joseph are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties.
Below are the privacy policies of some of the other third parties who may indirectly provide services to us:
Google http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/
Facebook http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/pop/pop-privacy-policy.
Security
The Sisters of Saint Joseph strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and we periodically update our security measures in light of current technologies.
How can you opt-out of communications?
Where we use your personal information to send you marketing materials by post or email we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such information.
Unsubscribing from email lists
Every time we send emails for marketing or promotional purposes, our emails will contain instructions on how you may unsubscribe from the relevant email list in respect of direct marketing
Unsubscribing from hard copy promotional materials
When we send you hard copy promotional materials, such materials will include instructions on how you may unsubscribe from receiving such materials. Otherwise, you can unsubscribe from receiving our materials by contacting our Privacy Officer at the details below
Access, Correction and Removal of your Personal Information
You can access, update or correct the information we have collected or let us know of your preferences for how we communicate with you by contacting our Privacy Officer by:
Email: general@sosj.org.au
Mail: PO Box 1508 North Sydney NSW 2059 Australia
If we do not agree to provide you with access to your personal information or to amend or annotate the information we hold about you, you may seek a review of our decision through the Privacy Officer.
If we do not agree to make the requested changes to your personal information, you may make a statement about the requested changes and we will attach it to your record.
If you wish to speak to our Privacy Officer, please call 02 8912 4831.
Where and how a complaint can be made
To make a complaint relating to your personal information or if you think that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles, you can:
Email us: secretary.general@sosj.org.au
Phone us on 02 8912 4831
Mail us a letter, addressed to the ‘Privacy Officer’ to PO Box 1508 North Sydney NSW 2059 Australia.
Page last updated July 2019
This Privacy Policy will be reviewed again in July 2020
Homepage
Website Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Terms of Use