https://www.charitychoice.co.uk/privacy-policy
Find a Charity
Charity Reports
Gifts in Wills
Stories
Are You a Charity?
Register Your Charity
The Fundraiser Blog
Find a Volunteer
Find Donated Goods
Fundraising Tips and Guides
Events
Return to Content
Privacy Policy
This notice explains how Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd processes personal information published in Charity Choice UK, Scotland And Northern Ireland, Charitychoice.co.uk and The Fundraiser. It also relates to personal information we hold on individuals visiting www.charitychoice.co.uk (The Website)
Please also refer to the Wilmington
Publishing & Information Ltd (WPI) privacy policy which covers the processing of all personal data by WPI and its associated companies.
Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd is a data controller, registered under number 3015847 at 10 Whitechapel High St, London E1 8QS.
About our charity products
Charitychoice.co.uk publishes information that helps people find charities to support in a variety of ways from donating to fundraising and volunteering. Listing over 160,000 charities in a directory searchable by location, causal area and keyword we publish information on a charity's mission and aims as well as how they spend their income (through free reports and financial highlights) on individual microsite/profile pages. Charities use our platform to promote themselves by uploading and updating information onto their individual microsites / profile pages and can set up events, appeals and information on gifts in wills as well as receive direct donations.
Charitychoice.co.uk also allows people to host individual profile pages where they can offer to volunteer or offer goods to charities.
Charity Choice UK, Scotland And Northern Ireland are print directories, distributed to organisations in these regions including wills and probate solicitors, funeral directors, Citizens Advice Bureaux and libraries. These directories contain the contact details of charities and provides information about them to help people to choose a charity to leave a gift to at the point of making their wills. The details in these entries are authorised by the charities themselves and we annually proof all entries to the charity contact we hold via email.
The Fundraiser is an online blog or magazine that publishes practical advice and sector information to charities online and via a bi-monthly newsletter.
How personal information is sourced
The personal data that we hold originates from publicly accessible sources including charity accounts sourced from individual charity websites, the Charity Commission, LinkedIn, industry press, industry events and through networking. We also verify and collect personal data by contacting charities directly or through trusted partners that we hold contracts with.
Personal details will be collected through charitychoice.co.uk when individuals at charities subscribe to use our services on the website, for example setting up microsites. We also collect personal data on our website through registration forms linked to free whitepapers, reports, newsletters or other relevant content.
We may already be in contact with you and your organisation and may do so in the future. We'd like you to be confident in the manner that we conduct our business and handle any personal data in the conduct of our business.
What personal information do we hold?
On our Charity Choice databases we hold the name, address details, telephone number, email and job titles for the organisation you represent.
How your personal information is used?
For Charities:
Charity Advertisers
If you have booked advertising on the Website or in any of our print directories, we will keep your details for 7 years for tax and auditing purposes. We will also use your details for up to 3 years after you have placed an order to contact you about other relevant events and services from WPI and Smee & Ford Ltd.
Charity Profiles on the WebsiteIf you have not activated your charity's page on Charity Choice we will publish your registered charity details which include your registered charity address, telephone number and email address as submitted to the Charity Commission.
Once you have activated your profile you may update or change an address and add personal contact details. These details will be published on your page, but you can choose to amend or remove them at any time. It is your responsibility to keep details of an activated profile page (or microsite) up to date.
When you activate your profile, you will be required to provide the details (name, email address and job title, telephone number) of the super admin user. We store this data as the email address will become the username for logging into the administration area of the website. The Super admin user email address will also be used to send you timely service information about your account as well as relevant content we think you will find interesting or helpful for example the bi-weekly Fundraiser email.
Charity Free Reports
We publish free reports on the financial performance of charities on the Website to assist donors in making informed decisions on who to support. If we publish a report for your charity, it may include your charity's registered contact details (which in turn may include personal contact details) to assist potential donors in contacting your charity, including a contact name, job title, email address, telephone number and postal address. We hold this information on our database. To access your login details, or update or remove your details on the Website, contact
enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
For Consumers
Donors
When a donation is made through the website we hold the donors name, address, telephone number and email address as well as donation amount, card type and gift aid amount. These details are mainly used to contact you about your donation and very occasionally to let you know about relevant information about charities. Your details (unless you have chosen to remain anonymous) are available to charities through a reporting back end admin system. Charities have access to all the details above except the bank card type. Your Name and donation amount is also published on the homepage donation ticker (on the day of your donation only).
From 1st August 2018 Charity Choice will no longer offer our own donation facility but instead allow charities to link to a donation facility of their choice. Users, by clicking on a donate now button on the Charity Choice website, will therefore be taken to an external website to make donations. The organisations who own these websites are acting as data controllers in their own right, and you should refer to their own privacy policies if you have any questions or concerns over their use of such information. WPI is not responsible for and shall not be liable in any way in respect of, such third parties' use of personal data.
Individuals volunteering, fundraising
or offering free goods
If you are posting a volunteer or free goods post we hold all the details you supply to us at registration including address details, telephone number and email address. Please note that contact details will also be made available to all charities that are registered with Charity Choice and are logged in to enable them to contact you. If you sign up to use the Charity Choice donation or fundraising facilities on the Website, we hold all the details you supply to us at registration including address details, telephone number and email address. Your Name and donation amount is also published on the homepage ticker (on the day of your page went live only). Please note that we will no longer host a donation facility or Fundraising service after the 31st July.
Recipients of The Fundraiser
subscribers & whitepaper downloaders
If you sign up to receive The Fundraiser Newsletter or Whitepapers we hold all the details you supply to us at registration including address details, job titles, telephone number and email address.
free report downloaders
If you download a free report we hold all the details you supply to us on the download form including address details, job titles, telephone number and email address.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
Personal information we keep on the Charity Choice Databases
Charities
Charity Advertisers - We will keep your details for 7 years for tax and auditing purposes. We will also use your details for up to 3 years after you have placed an order to contact you about other relevant events and services from WPI and Smee & Ford Ltd.
Registered Charity Profiles on the
Website – If you have registered your charity with Charity Choice we will keep the super admin user for as long as your profile remains active. We will email you from time to time to remind you about your profile, however it is your responsibility to update or remove personal data. To update or remove your details, contact
enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
Unregistered
Charity Profiles on the website – We will keep your registered charity details as long as your charity is active. You can update your details at any time by activating your profile page – for help with this please contact enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
Charity Free Reports –
We will publish your registered charity details which include your registered charity address, telephone number and email address as submitted to the Charity Commission indefinitely. However, you may update these details at any time. If you have supplied personal details on the reports yourself then it is your responsibility to delete or update these a necessary.
We will email you from time to time to remind you about your report, however it is your responsibility to update or remove personal data. To update or remove your details, contact enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
Consumers
Donors – We will keep your personal data for 7 years after the date of your latest donation for tax, Gift Aid and auditing purposes.
Individuals volunteering, fundraising
or offering free goods - We may use this data to contact you about relevant products and services for up to 3 years after you have registered. You can remove your details at any time by logging into your admin area and deleting your profile. If you need assistance, email enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
Recipients of The Fundraiser
subscribers and whitepaper downloaders - if you have subscribed to any of these free services we will keep your details for up to 3 years. You can unsubscribe to any communications at any time.
Free report downloaders –
if you have downloaded a free report we will keep your details for up to 2 years. You can unsubscribe to any communications at any time.
How to access and control your personal information
You have the following rights with regards to your personal information;
— To access, rectify, erase, restrict, object to its processing and withdraw consent.
— We will only send you marketing about our products in a controlled, non-excessive manner, and you can unsubscribe or opt-out at any time.
— If you ask to opt out of receiving communications from us, your personal information will be kept securely as a suppression file to ensure we do not send you any communications in the future.
If you wish to exercise your rights on any of the points above please do so by contacting: Claudia
Rios, Product Manager: Claudia.rios@wilmingtonplc.com
Where you have asked us for a response, we will acknowledge your request on the day of receipt and provide a response within 48 hours (where a request is received Monday to Friday inclusive).
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint to our company please contact:
Bethan Cater, Head of Group Data
Management: bethan.cater@wilmingtonplc.com
If you wish to make a complaint about us please contact The Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies
We use Google Analytics on this site to obtain statistics on our visitors, the cookies last for 90 days. Your browser has settings that will allow you to accept all cookies, be informed as cookies arrive or reject all cookies.
Links
This site may contain links or references to products, materials or web sites that are provided by independent third parties. The availability of such third-party material does not constitute any form of recommendation, endorsement or publication of such third-party material by us. Any complaints that you have about the third-party material should be taken up with the relevant third party.
General
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Charity Supporters
Download a charity report
Donate
Find an event
Leave a gift in your Will
Volunteer
Offer Goods
Charities
Create a microsite
Help For Charities
Promote your event
Find volunteers
Find offered goods
Book Store
Charity Terms & Conditions
Follow Us
© 2020 Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd, a division of Wilmington plc.
Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd is a company registered in England & Wales with company number 03368442 GB.
Registered office: 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS.
VAT NO.GB 899 3725 51
Search