http://www.chicagoaudubon.org/privacy-notice
Get Involved
Become a Member
Volunteer
Shop
Native Plant Gardening for Birds
Native Plant Sale
Bird Seed Sale
News
Go Birding
Get Started
Resources
Bird Identification Tips
Chicago Area Birding Hotspots
Conservation
Montrose Piping Plovers
Act Now
Issues
Publications & Research
Habitat Restoration
About
Our Mission and Vision
Our Board
Contact Us
Our History
Donor Recognition
Partnerships
Speakers Bureau
Our Initiatives
Lights Out Chicago
Environmental Awards
Birding America
Birdwalk Leader Training
Events
Upcoming Events
Past Event Videos
Bird Walk Reports
Donate
Privacy Notice for Online, Offline and Electronic UseThe Chicago Audubon Society respects our visitors’ privacy interests and is committed to honoring your preferences.  This privacy policy governs the way we collect and use your information both offline and online, including at www.chicagoaudubon.org and its subdomains, websites accessed through your mobile devices, and Chicago Audubon’s own social media sites (“Media”).  Your use of Media or provision of personal information to Chicago Audubon constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this policy.The Information We CollectWe collect and use the information you provide when you interact with Chicago Audubon offline and through Chicago Audubon Media.  This information falls into two categories: 1) Personal information, which includes items such as your name and address, which you provide when you become a member, make a donation, fill out a survey or participate in an activity; 2) Non-Personal Information, which includes your IP address or website browsing patterns, which we collect through technology.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information does not include the information Chicago Audubon employees share in connection with their employment.Personal InformationIn most cases, you may use Chicago Audubon’s Media without registering or submitting any personal information.  However, some Media sites require that you supply certain personal information, such as a verifiable email address, to register or to fully use the site.Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, the personal information you are asked to provide may include your name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone and mobile phone numbers, and email addresses.  Chicago Audubon does not store sensitive financial information, such as credit card numbers or banking information.Special ActivitiesWhen you choose to engage in any of the following special activities, you are agreeing to allow some use of your personal information.  To opt-out from additional uses, please contact Chicago Audubon at cas@chicagoaudubon.com.Participate in an Action AlertWhen you take action to support conservation, such as participating in an Action Alert or sending a letter to your Senator, Audubon may send your personal information, such as your name and residential address, to the target of the action (e.g., a member of Congress, a government agency).Engage on a Blog or Other Social Media SiteAudubon maintains presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook and Instagram and we also incorporate some third party social networking features onto our Media.  This policy applies to our use of information you submit to us, but it does not apply to what Facebook or any other third party platforms do with your information.  Those platforms have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to read them.Non-Personal InformationWe may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device you use to access Chicago Audubon Media, such as IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, and browser type.Chicago Audubon’s Media also uses several techniques, such as cookies, beacons and pixel tags, to improve the functioning of our Media platforms, to help us understand how people are using Media, and to personalize your experience.  Audubon also contracts with third parties to provide analytics information, reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of our Media visitors.We do not respond to browser-based “Do Not Track” signals.How Audubon Uses the Information We CollectInternallyChicago Audubon may share the information you provide internally.  Chicago Audubon may use the contact information you provide, such as any email addresses or physical addresses, to send you information about Chicago Audubon and its mission, to send you newsletters and requests to take action, and requests for your support.Every email and newsletter Chicago Audubon sends contains an unsubscribe button.  Or you may opt-out by contacting Chicago Audubon at CAS@Chicagoaudubon.org.ExternallyService ProvidersChicago Audubon may hire contractors to assist us to perform certain business functions, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, or email and membership list services.  Our contractors are provided only the information necessary for them to do their jobs and are prohibited from using the information they receive from Chicago Audubon in any way other than to provide their services to Chicago Audubon.  They may not share, resell or use the information they collect for their own direct marketing purposes.Third Party Ad ServersChicago Audubon may use third-party companies to serve digital ads when you visit our site.  These companies may use information about your visits to Chicago Audubon Media (which generally does not include personal information) to provide advertisements about goods and serves that may be of interest to you.  These companies may employ tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you.Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents may opt-out of Chicago Audubon’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  As described above, Audubon will not share your personal information with any third party commercial vendors unless you tell us we may by opting in, and you can opt-out later if you change your mind. MiscellaneousChildren Under Thirteen Years of AgeWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen years of age.Data SecurityChicago Audubon is committed to protecting all your information.  To this end, Chicago Audubon has in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information. Changes to the Privacy PolicyChicago Audubon reserves the right to revise this privacy policy at any time and without notice.  Check this site frequently for updates.This site is intended for users in the United States.  This policy shall be interpreted consistent with the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of Illinois.  Any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or related to this policy shall be brought in any federal or state court located in Cook County, and the parties hereby waive any objection they may have to personal jurisdiction in these courts.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Join Us
Thank you! We are adding you to our mailing list.
You will receive notification of our events and articles of interest. Please consider showing your support for Chicago area bird conservation by
becoming a member of Chicago Audubon Society for only $25.
Follow us on Facebook,
Instagram and Youtube for the latest updates