http://www.blue-moon-manor.com/privacy.html
Adrian Eglinton's eBook Course,
The Journey To Trad Witchcraft
A Seeker's Guide to understanding Traditional Witchcraft beliefs, concepts, customs, rituals, and spellcraft.
Please Note: This Trad is part of the traditional "Old Craft".
We are NOT Wicca.
Adrian Eglinton's
Herbal Primer
A 180-page illustrated reference on Medicinal Plants and traditional home
remedies.
CLICK to read more
Privacy Policy
(Pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003)
Your privacy is important to us at Blue Moon Manor. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available through a link on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Information That We Collect
When you register for email delivery of the "Mini-Course of Traditional Magic," which includes a
subscription to "The Manor Journal Newsletter," or respond to a survey, you will be asked for your name and email address.
When you come to our site, StatCounter, a third-party statistical collection service, will collect, store, and analyze
the
following information about your visit: the name of the Internet domain and the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet), the Internet address of the site from which you linked to our website, the type of browser and operating system used, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, and the length of time of your visit on each page.
What do we use your information for?
The information that we collect on this site is used to send our newsletter, news, announcements, and website-related eBook promotions, or promote another website, and to administer surveys, contests, and promotions we may deem related to your interest. The statistical information collected and provided to us by StatCounter is used for statistical analysis and for identifying system performance or problem areas.
As StatCounter is a Third-party website, I suggest you go to their website and read StatCounter's Privacy Statement.
Protecting Your Privacy
The personal information that we collect on Blue Moon Manor website will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future newsletters, announcements and other emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small data file that stores information about a user on the user's own computer.
The use of cookies helps to provide a better web experience by remembering information about your preferences.
The Blue Moon Manor website does not install or use cookies. However, other third party websites that link from this website may use cookies in order to provide better service.
This website has no access or control over cookies that may be used by third party websites.
Links to Third Party Websites:
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie:
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet. Tracking of users through the DART cookies are subject to Google's own Privacy Policies.
Do we disclose any information collected on Blue Moon Manor website to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie. To opt out of DART cookies, visit the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at, http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance:
We have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance:
Our website, newsletter, and eBook(s) are directed to adults at least 18 years old or older. We do not knowingly solicit data from, provide information to, or market to those under the age of 18.
Changes to this Privacy Statement:
The contents of this Privacy Information may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us:
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Information of this website you may contact us at "adrian at blue-moon-manor.com" (replace "at" with "@").
Last updated: 14 April 2013
.: Traditional Witchcraft Home :.
Traditional Witchcraft
Welcome Orientation
F A Q s
What Is Traditional Witchcraft?
Solitary Practice
Magic & Spellcraft
Moon Articles
Full Moon Dates & Times
Solstices & Equinoxes Dates
Articles
Glossary of Traditional Witchcraft Terms
Site Map
Free
Beginner's
Mini-Course
on Traditional Magic
Plus our newsletter,
The Manor Journal
Name:
Email:
Your email address will always remain confidential.
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms of Use
© COPYRIGHT 2004-2019 Blue-Moon-Manor.com. All Rights Reserved.
The contents of this website may not be copied, distributed, or published without prior written permission.