http://www.tease.com.au/about/terms
Jump to Navigation
Home
Find Someone
The Tour
Feedback
Login
Join Up
Username
Email
Password
100% Free
Username *
Password *
Forgot your password?
Forgot Password?
I'm looking for a:
Male
Female
Both
Aged between: 20 and
60
181920212223242526272829303132333435363738394041424344454647484950515253545556575859606162636465666768697071727374757677787980
181920212223242526272829303132333435363738394041424344454647484950515253545556575859606162636465666768697071727374757677787980
Who lives near:
I'm feeling lucky
Browse All
Terms of Use
THIS AGREEMENT WAS LAST UPDATED ON THE 10th of
September, 2005
Tease.com.au
This web site is owned and operated by Doghouse Media PTY. LTD. (ACN 109 219 490) under the domain name www.tease.com.au
Membership of the Service is conditional upon acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document and elsewhere on the Site, referred to hereafter collectively as the 'Terms of Service'
Terms of Service
1. Eligibility
You must be eighteen years of age or over to become a registered user or use the Web Site.
Membership in Tease.com.au is intended for adult use only and is void where prohibited. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Tease.com.au reserves the right to terminate your account with out refund if we learn that you have provided Tease.com.au with false or misleading registration information.
2. Code of conduct
You are solely responsible for any content you post on Tease.com.au, including but not limited to message board posts, chat participation, personal ads and member profiles You agree to not use Tease.com.au to:
2.1 NOT enjoy yourself
2.2 Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
2.3 You may not show, distribute or allow access to a minor, (persons under the age of 18) any content or information from this website.
2.4 Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements)
2.5 Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law and any regulations having the force of law;
2.6 Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through Tease.com.au
2.7 Include in your profile any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or E-mail addresses other than where asked for by Tease.com.au
2.8 Collect or store personal data about other users.
2.9 Harass others by continuing to attempt to communicate with someone who has chosen to cease all communications with you.
2.10 Use Tease.com.au forms of communication to send junk mail.
3. Termination
Tease.com.au may, at any time and at its sole discretion, cancel any paid trial membership or monthly membership; provided, however, that if Tease.com.au cancels any paid membership prior to its expiration, Tease.com.au shall provide a pro-rata refund for the unexpired period of the cancelled month's membership by automatic credit.
4. Subscription Cancellation
Tease.com.au does not typically provide cash refunds unless extraordinary circumstances apply; we do, however, provide discounts in the event you experience technical difficulties that you demonstrate to have made a sincere effort to resolve.
5. Your Account and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member name and password. You are responsible for all uses of its account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Tease.com.au of any unauthorized use of its account. You agree to pay all charges that accrue to your account through your use or the use of those authorized by you.
6. Non Commercial Use by Members
The Website is for the personal use of individual Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members and should not use Tease.com.au or the Website for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Website, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email and unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
7. Acceptable Use Policy for Content Posted on the Website License and Use of Content.
Tease.com.au does not host sexually explicit images of its members. Any profiles where sexually explicit content is added will not be approved. This is to comply with Australian Federal government regulations regarding sexually explicit content.
Tease.com.au does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on Tease.com.au. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Tease.com.au, you grant Tease.com.au the following world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Tease.com.au the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on Tease.com.au solely for the purposes of providing and promoting Tease.com.au h to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on Tease.com.au and will terminate at the time you remove or Tease.com.au removes such Content from Tease.com.au
With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible area of Tease.com.au the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on Tease.com.au solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on Tease.com.au and will terminate at the time you remove or Tease.com.au removes such Content from Tease.com.au
With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Tease.com.au the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sub licensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed
We reserve the right to excerpt text quotes and pictures from Profiles, along with your handle, and feature them in ads, supplements and content pages in the marketing of Tease.com.au and its partners. When you create a personal ad, you are given the opportunity to opt out of having your photo excerpted for print publication. By creating a profile you grant us permission to publish your Personals photo which you have uploaded in any Tease.com.au or personals partner marketing efforts.
8. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Tease.com.au and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through Tease.com.au, your use of Tease.com.au, your connection to Tease.com.au, your violation of the Terms of Service, or your violation of any rights of another.
9. Limitation on Liability
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will Tease.com.au be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the Web site or the Service, even if Tease.com.au has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tease.com.au's liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Tease.com.au for the Service during the term of membership.
10. Modifications
Tease.com.au reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, Tease.com.au (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Tease.com.au shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of Tease.com.au
11. Applicable Law
These terms of service are governed by the laws in force in Western Australia, Australia and the parties agree to be bound by the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Western Australia, Australia. In the event that any portion of this Agreement is deemed by a court to be invalid, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
‹ Privacy Policy
up
Tell us what you think ›
About
About Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Tell us what you think
©2020 Tease.com.au | All Rights Reserved
About Us |
Privacy |
Terms |
FAQs |
Links
Tease.com.auHome
Join Tease
Search for someone
The Tour
Feedback
Australian DatingSingles in Sydney
Singles in Melbourne
Singles in Adelaide
Singles in Perth
Singles in Brisbane
Singles in Darwin
Share the loveFacebook
Twitter
Email / Invite