http://www.pastorswives.org/practical_help_for_ministers_wives
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Practical Help For The Pastor's Wife
Index of Articles for Pastors' Wives
Where does a pastor's wife go for help? Many of our pastor husbands receive extensive training on how to be a pastor. However, many pastors' wives feel totally unprepared, as they often enter ministry by marrying the minister. Below are links to helpful articles, written by wives of pastors and ministers, to help you better prepare for situations you may encounter and problems that may arise. Don't forget to check out our message boards for the pastor's wife, countless pastors' wives have found the love, help, and support they've been looking for through the years on our community forum.
Bible Study Tools
Candidating, Interviewing, In View of a Call
Conflict in Ministry Relationships
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Crowd
Memorizing Scripture
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Quiet Time
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services