https://www.bridgeradio.org/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
UPDATED AS OF 2/24/20
Privacy Policy
This website is a service of Bridgelight LLC together with its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and licensees. The Bridge Christian Radio, a ministry of Calvary Chapel Old Bridge (sometimes hereinafter referred to as “We,” “Us” or “Our”), is glad you have visited our website, bridgeradio.org (the “Site”). We take your privacy seriously. Please read this policy carefully as it describes how information collected from you when you visit or interact with the Site or the Bridge Christian Radio app (the “App”) is handled. The Site or App may contain links to other Internet websites or social networks that are not operated or controlled by Us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites or social networks, and this privacy policy does not address the privacy practices of websites or social networks that are not operated or controlled by Us. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of each website, app or social network you visit or use.
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and in our App. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently, as it may change from time to time without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE, IMMEDIATELY STOP USING OUR SERVICES. Please note, however, that if we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what is provided in this Privacy Policy or what we advised at the time it was collected, we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us or through our Applications. You will have a choice (by means of an “opt out” opportunity) as to whether we use their information in this different manner. In such case, we will use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the terms in place when the information was collected.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not rent or sell any personal information about you to any third party. We do not share or disclose personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except in the following circumstances:
To provide the product or service you have requested and in order to process and fulfill your request. For example, when you make a purchase on the Site, your personal and financial information is provided to Our credit card processor, a third-party vendor.
As necessary for the operation of the Site (for example, Our web hosting company or analytics provider).
To respond to a subpoena, court order or legal process, or to establish or exercise Our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
When We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or violations of the bridgeradio.org Terms of Service or as otherwise required by law.
If the Site is acquired by or merged with another entity, in which event your information may be transferred and become subject to a different privacy policy.
You may request that We delete your account and the personal information we have collected from you by emailing Us at https://www.bridgeradio.org/contact
Web Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small piece of information that is stored on your computer for the purpose of speeding navigation of the Site by identifying the browser used during your interaction on the Site, recognizing you as a return visitor, recognizing your access privileges, if any, and tracking your Site usage. Device identifiers may also be assembled from available system elements which could include IP address, user agent information (browser version, OS type and version), or device-generated identifiers. If your browser preferences are set to not accept cookies, the functionality of the Site and your ability to interact with it may be limited. Please note that we do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals of web browsers at this time.
Analytics Tools
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you visit Our Site or use Our App. These tools collect and analyze certain types of information including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information. The third-party analytics companies who collect information on Our Site and/or App may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites, products and services, pursuant to the terms of their own privacy policies. You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page on the Google.com website.
Personally Identifiable Information
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“affiliated companies”), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via use of our Services. You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies, as set forth below. However, the use of certain Services may be conditioned on your ongoing consent to provide you promotional information. In certain instances, we may also share your personally identifiable information as follows:
With our third-party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) – e.g., vendors that operate the Website or App, process credit card orders, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests; and
With participating third-party sponsors to a program or promotion (e.g., a sweepstakes or contest) you enter via our Services and certain third-party co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships.
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval.
Third Party Data/Services
Our Services may link to, contain links to or embed functionality provided by third parties, such as On-Air Contests, Community Events, Social Media Accounts, Mobile Device Applications, etc. (“Third Party Services”). We do not control or maintain Third Party Services, nor are we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any provider of a Third Party Service. We encourage you to read the privacy statements applicable to all Third Party Services before submitting any personally identifiable information through these websites.
Data Transfer and Security
By using this Site, you consent to Us transferring your personal information outside of the United States to process and store data in accordance with this privacy policy and to provide you with the products or services you requested. Other countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as we have in the United States. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet transmission or storage technology can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
We do not seek to collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Pursuant to Our Terms of Service, you must be at least 13 years of age to use the Site. If We learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information through the Site in contravention of Our terms and conditions, We will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from Our database and will not use the information for any purpose except as required by law. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use of that information.
California: Beginning January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website.
Opt-Out
If you have signed up to receive emails from us, you will continue to receive emails until you choose to opt-out using the link provided in each email. If you no longer wish to receive emails from Us, please scroll down to the bottom of the email and click on the opt-out link provided. Your email will be suppressed within our database and you will no longer receive emails from Us, though it may take up to 10 business days for Us to process your opt-out request. If you have opted out but continue to receive emails after 10 business days, or if for some reason the opt-out link does not work properly when you click on it, please contact Us at https://www.bridgeradio.org/contact and tell us you no longer wish to receive Our emails.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change or update this privacy policy, we will post those changes or updates on this page. Therefore, we encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time so that you will know if the way we handle your information has changed.
Listen89.7 FM Monmouth and Ocean Counties, NJ
91.9 FM Southern Middlesex and Northern Monmouth Counties, NJ
95.1 FM New York City
99.7 FM Sullivan and Orange Counties, NY
103.1 FM Northern Jersey
106.9 FM Poughkeepsie, NY
Contact
P.O. Box 762 Old Bridge, NJ 08857
Phone: 888-861-6100
Fax: 732-679-1030
Helpful LinksProgram Guide
Teachers & Programs
Subscribe to our emails
Contest Rules
WRDR FCC Public File
WJUX FCC Public File
Privacy Policy
© The Bridge Christian Radio, Bridgelight, LLC, is a radio ministry of Calvary Chapel Old Bridge, NJ
Listen Now
Programs
Teachers & Programs
A-F
Jack Abeelen
Bill Beckelman
Alistair Begg
Ray Bentley
Bridge Bible Talk
Bill Buffington
Michael Chaddick
Tony Clark
John Connors
Ray Dash
John Durante
Chris Durkin
Dr. Tony Evans
Rodney Finch
Joe Focht
Robert Fountain
G-L
Bil Gallatin
Raphael Giglio
Dr. Jack Graham
Ken Graves
Gary Hamrick
Bobby Hargraves
Skip Heitzig
Jack Hibbs
Shane Idleman
Pancho Juarez
James Kaddis
Jim Keavney
Greg Laurie
M-R
Chris McCarrick
Dr. J. Vernon McGee
John Milhouse
John Miller
Robert Morris
Pacific Justice Institute
Luis Palau
Lloyd Pulley
John Randall
Dave Rolph
Raul Ries
Ryan Ries
David Rosales
S-Z
David Schroeder
Chuck Smith
Colin Smith
Charles Stanley
Bill Stonebraker
Samy Tanagho
Ed Taylor
John Torres
We Would See Jesus
Cliff Whitehead
Brad Winship
Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth
Michael Youssef
Johnny Zacchio
Ravi Zacharias
David Zamora
Program Guide
About Us
Meet The Bridge Staff
Statement of Faith
Why Support The Bridge Radio
History
Testimonials
Know Jesus
Christian Resources
Persecuted Church Resources
Coverage Map
In New Jersey
In New York
In Pennsylvania
Online
On Your Mobile Device
Our Sponsors
More
Community Events
Submit an Event
How Can We Pray for You?
Share Your Story
Become a Sponsor
Become A Prayer Partner
Become a Teacher
E-mail Your Favorite Teacher or Program
Contact The Bridge
Support The Bridge
Donate