http://www.iesna.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last Updated: 17 October 2019
The IES takes its obligation seriously to protect personal data that it collects, users, shares, and processes. This privacy notice tells you what to expect when you provide information to the Illuminating Engineering Society (IES).
Users of our website
Google Analytics
When someone visits ies.org, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior. We may use this information to determine how many people are visiting different portions of the website and help us better tailor the user experience over time. This information is processed in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google to make, any attempts to find out the identities of individuals visiting our website. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed that a website transfers to your device through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. IES.org uses per-session cookies to log you into the site and to process payments and registrations. With your permission, we will also enable session cookies that make it easier for you to navigate the site and to allow us to track your activities on our site for marketing purposes.
We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide our services and help collect data. Cookies allow us, among other things, to store your preferences and settings; provide interest-based advertising; and analyze how our services are performing. We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data about our products and services. Our services may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers. You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt-out of data collection through web beacons. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our services.
Clear gifs, pixel tags, and other technologies
Clear GIFs are graphics with a unique identifier that functions similarly to cookies. However, while cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. With your permission, we may use clear GIFs (web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags) on IES.org to provide better user experience, help us manage content, determine how you learned about our site, and compile statistics about Site usage. We and our third-party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded.
MemberSuite
We use a third-party service, MemberSuite, to collect and store individual records related to IES membership and participation. We also use MemberSuite to process registrations for many IES events. Transaction histories are stored in MemberSuite indefinitely until a user requests them to be deleted. However, no credit card information is ever stored in MemberSuite.
Career Center
We use a third-party provider, Naylor Association Solutions, to power our career center at careercenter.ies.org. Naylor collects information on registered users of its service to customize career center listings and allow repeat users to log in again. For more information about how Naylor processes your data, please see Naylor’s privacy statement.
People who receive email from us
Marketing emails and newsletters
We use a third-party provider, Higher Logic, to deliver our e-newsletters and direct emails from IES. Higher Logic gathers statistics on our behalf about email opening and clicks to help us monitor and improve our emails. We only send messages to people who have opted into receiving communications from us. Individuals can opt-out of receiving messages from us at any time by clicking the “update your profile” or “unsubscribe” links at the bottom of all of our communications.
For more information about how your data is stored please see Higher Logic’s’s Privacy Policy.
Membership communications
We use our member database, MemberSuite, to send membership-relevant information to members of the organization. This may include, but is not limited to, dues renewal communication, information about elections, and IES governance issues. We may send messages of this kind to any member of the IES in good standing as part of your membership with us.
People who receive physical mail from the IES
As the recognized technical and educational authority on illumination, as well as an accredited Standards Development Organization (SDO), the IES communicates not only with its members but also with others in allied fields such as architects, interior designers, electrical engineers, government agencies, many other non-members, etc. You may receive physical mail from the IES providing information on advances in lighting, details about various lighting (and lighting-related) credentials, news about upcoming conferences and events, promotion of its members and membership, etc. If you do not wish to receive such physical mail, you may contact the IES Membership Coordinator, Rick Rodriguez, at rrodriguez@ies.org or call (212) 248-5000 and we will immediately remove you from our mailing list.
People who make a complaint
The IES tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. We take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of the IES’s collection and use of personal information. However, we will provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to one of the addresses below.
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, you may contact the IES Membership Coordinator, Rick Rodriguez, at rrodriguez@ies.org or call (212) 248-5000 and we will make every attempt to rectify the situation.
If you are a citizen of an EU member state, under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you may also make a complaint to the supervisory authority of the member state where you reside, where you work, or where any infringement occurred. You may also contact the IES Membership Coordinator, Rock Rodriguez, at rrodriiguez@ies.org.
EU citizens’ rights for information
As a resident of an EU member state, you have the following rights for information under GDPR:
The right of access – the right to review any personal data we hold on you
The right to rectification – the right to request corrections or updates to any personal data we hold on you without undue delay
The right to erasure – the right to have your data erased from our archives
The right to restrict processing – the right to clarify and specify how we may and may not use data we hold on you
The right to data portability – the right to receive data held on you in a commonly used and machine-readable format
The right to object to data processing under certain circumstances at any time
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling (The IES does not use automated decision making or profiling)
You may reach the IES to request any of the above by using the contact information at the end of this document.
How do we use your data?
Credit Card Account Information
The IES does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, the IES uses secure protocols to submit the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse. All payment information is encrypted and secure. Please never send the IES – or anyone – your credit card information via email.
Disclosures to Third Parties
When an IES member provides information for the IES Member Directory and the IES Speakers and Facilitators Directories, that information is made available to all website visitors who are IES members. IES members can contact IES membership staff at membership@ies.org or (212) 248-5000 to have certain information on their profiles made private, or ask to have their profiles removed.
Mailing Address
The IES shares mailing addresses with third party mailing houses to process postage and deliver mail to people with a legitimate interest in the lighting industry and the services of the IES, or who have requested to receive certain information. The IES only shares as much information as is required to fulfill the mailing, and mailing houses delete the information as soon as mailings have been distributed.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
This privacy notice was last updated on 25 May 2018. We will notify members and users when this notice changes.
About the GDPR
Under the GDPR, the IES uses the following lawful basis for processing personal data:
Contractual – as a membership organization, members apply to the IES and pay annual dues, which is payment for services rendered.
Legitimate Interest – As the recognized technical and educational authority on illumination, as well as an accredited Standards Development Organization (SDO), the IES communicates not only with its members but also with others in allied fields that use or touch on lighting design.
Consent – The IES will ask explicit permission to collect and process information. If we collect personally identifiable information, we will always tell you directly what information is being requested and what we plan to do with it. We give separate granular options to consent separately to different purposes and types of processing. We allow individuals to withdraw their consent at any time without detriment.
Contact Information
For general privacy requests or concerns, contact:
The Illuminating Engineering Society
120 Wall Street, 17th Floor
New York, NY 10005
USA
TEL: (212) 248-5000
EMAIL: ies@ies.org
ADVERTISEMENTS