http://www.yogawest.co.uk/privacy-policy-personal-information/
Yogawest
The heart of Iyengar Yoga in Bristol
Skip to content
Home
Classes
Workshops
New to Yogawest
About us
Contact Us
Home > Privacy Policy & Personal Information
Privacy Policy & Personal Information
In line with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) regulations, Yogawest’s Privacy policy was reviewed and updated in May 2018.
Yogawest takes your privacy and personal information very seriously. We are committed to protecting your privacy and never share any personal information with any third parties nor rent, sell, disclose or distribute your information to any outside parties.
We only collect personal information as volunteered by you on the registration forms, which are held securely online if you are signing up online, and in a securely locked cabinet if you have filled out a paper version. You are under no obligation to provide any personal data other than your name, e-mail address, telephone number, address and any medical history that might impact your yoga.
We send out monthly newsletters which let subscribers know about what is upcoming at Yogawest; we also send occasional mailshots about classes and events. You can at any time choose to opt out from receiving any communications from us, by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter/mailshot.
We use ‘cookies’ placed in the browser file to help us collect general information about the behaviour of visitors on our site. This helps us to constantly monitor and improve our website’s functionality. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. You may decline, disable or delete cookies whilst visiting this website but this may affect the usability of the site.
Yogawest uses industry standard technology to ensure the security of your data, and makes every effort to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of any data provided to us. Data transmission over the internet is inherently unsecure and no transmission can be guaranteed as one hundred percent secure.
We take no responsibility for the content provided by external websites which may be linked to this site.
Photographs
Yogawest staff sometimes take photographs of classes and events at Yogawest which may be used for the website and for marketing purposes. If you do not wish to be in a photograph, please let the photographer know.
We always ask parent/guardians’ permission to use any photographs of children.
Privacy Policy & Personal InformationNewsletter Signup
Keep up-to-date with new developments at Yogawest
Email Address Required									*
First Name
Last Name
* = required field
NewsletterArchive
FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeRSS
Search
Search for:
blog
0117 924 3330
Please spread the word...
Tweet
Useful links that are always found down here…Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact us
Copyright © 2011 Yogawest, Denmark Place, Bishopston, Bristol BS7 8NW, England, UK Telephone 0117 924 3330