https://www.halloran.com/privacy.htm
Halloran Software's Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Halloran Software. We strive to keep your
personal information confidential. Please take a moment to read the following
policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Why we collect personal information
Halloran Software collects and uses your personal information in order to make it convenient for you to obtain our products and services, including technical support services. In
addition, we use your personal information to keep you up to date on
the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers,
and other information we think you'd like to hear about. From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you to participate in a research survey,
so that we can gauge customer satisfaction and develop better
products.
How we collect personal information
We collect information about you in several ways. For example, we
might ask for your contact information when you correspond with us,
call us to make a purchase, or request service.
We collect and store the
information you provide in a secure database.
When we disclose personal information
Halloran Software has never sold its mailing list to another company.
Halloran Software provides customer addresses only to a printing/mailing company contracted by us for software notification mailings.
This company safeguards your personal information.
If you want to purchase software or books, but do not want to receive promotional information from Halloran Software, send e-mail to
and request to be moved from the active customer database to the inactive customer database.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your
personal information. We may also disclose information about you if
we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
How we protect your personal information
Halloran Software safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures. We encourage you to use a secure browser and to avoid putting your credit card information in insecure e-mail.
The Halloran Software Secure Orders form uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
encryption.
To make purchases from the Secure Orders form, you must use an
SSL-enabled browser such as Internet Explorer. This protects the confidentiality of your personal and
credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Halloran Software does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or
send them requests for personal information.
The Halloran Software Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time.
We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any
changes.
Return to top page.
Copyright © 2001-2018 Halloran Software, Los Angeles, California
Last modified on September 29, 2018.
https://www.halloran.com/privacy.htm