http://www.lemonlawsource.com/tag/legal-assistance/
Skip to content
Home
Company Law
Employment
Child Custody
Privacy
Terms
Our Crew
Contact us
Home
Company Law
Employment
Child Custody
Privacy
Terms
Our Crew
Contact us
Search for:
HomeLegal Assistance
''The Internet has facilitated us to communicate with each other without the limitation of both space and time. Unfortunately, not everyone can make good use of such scientific blessing. Moreover, law enforcement cannot adequately supervise and regulate all things on the Internet, and it is not because the authority does not want to, but the Internet is too enormous to control.
However, as a good citizen, obeying the law is the must. And in today’s opportunity, we are discussing online defamation, an Internet offense toward individuals, groups, or even the whole people of a country.
Why Defamation Law is Important
Everyone has the means to make their opinions go public. Social media like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram allows people to put their thoughts online, which is a thing that is always good. When an individual makes a judgemental opinion over a vague case that involves an institution, powerful organization, companies, or sovereign figures, the chances are that the case will end up with a lawsuit.
In some countries, the political incumbents get easily irritated with criticism, and people are going to jail because of careless commentaries. These days, political figures are more concerned with online defamation because they realize that billions of people are connected to the Internet. One defamatory statement by a popular individual can bring a politician’s career to an end.
Online Defamation Law
Defamation can be categorized into two types: slander and libel. In a nutshell, slander is oral defamation and libel is the written one. Libel in cyber context is represented by a post, comment, or any other forms of online statements that are false, unfair, and harmful to a person’s reputation.
In countries that guarantee free speech to their citizens, defamation is put against the principle of free speech. People are supposed to be responsible for any defamatory statements they publish. And a statement is deemed as a violation of the law if there is no supporting evidence to the argument. Besides making statements, leaking scandalous information is also a subject in the antidefamation law. For instance, The Communications Decency Act of 1996 (CDA) in the United States regulates the nonconsensual spread of pornographic materials on the Internet.
Section 230 protections of CDA is a defense for internet intermediaries. It has been extended to protect the intermediaries against claims such as interference with business expectancy, breach of contract, violations of federal rights, and emotional distress. Sections 230 provides immunity to the “provider of user” of an “interactive computer service.” It also offers legal shield to bloggers who act as an intermediaries by hosting comment on their blog, so the host has no liability for the comments from its readers or guests.
The Difficulties in Defamation Case
Defamation cases are considered as the hardest and most problematic to be conducted in the court. The expense is humongous, and the result is unpredictable. Expert commentaries on the matter of the case can be inconclusive, which complicates the situation even further.
There are many reasons for the indecisiveness of a cyber-defamation case. One of them is anonymity. Anonymous speakers conceal their identities while spreading the false news. And in many cases, only the identity of the web host is traceable. But the host is legally not liable for the anonymous libel.
Second, different region means different law. …
Search for:
Recent Posts
Personal Injury Lawyer : Things You Should Know About Personal Injury
Why You Need to Acquire Real Estate Lawyer
Tips to Hire the Best Bankruptcy Lawyer Before Investing
The Advantages of Hiring a Defense Lawyer
Essential Factors to Consider for Choosing the Right Lawyer
Simple Guide Before Filing a Lawsuit
Things You Should Consider When Hiring a Car Accident Lawyer
Facebook
Facebook
Pages
Child Custody
Contact us
Our Crew
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
TagsAccident
Accident Lawyer
advice
Agreement
attorney
bankruptcy
car
Car Accident
company
court
Defamation
Experiences
Expertise
firm
Freedom of Speech
good lawyer
Individual Justice
injury
Justice
Law
lawsuit
lawyer
legal
legal advice
Legal Assistance
Papers
personal
personal injury
Prenup
real estate
Referrals
roles
secretary
sued
tips
work
Categories
Company Law
Concerts
Defamation
Employment
Law
Uncategorized
Follow
Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets