http://www.us.mensa.org/privacy
Privacy policy
American Mensa, Ltd., respects your privacy. This document outlines the ways that the American Mensa website may collect information from you.
Browsing the site
Generally speaking, you can visit the pages of the American Mensa website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information, but there are portions of the American Mensa website that do request personal information.
Members-only pages
Some sections of the website are reserved for American Mensa members, International members and our guests only. To access the members-only pages of the site, you will need to enter your member ID and password. You may also need to have cookies enabled in your browser. This information is used to confirm that you are a member in good standing before displaying these limited-access pages.
NOTICE: The information in the members-only section is for the use of American Mensa members only. This information should not be shared with nonmembers of American Mensa or used for promotional and/or non-American Mensa-related purposes.
Web forms
Other portions of the site require personal information in order for you to complete certain activities such as joining American Mensa, renewing your membership, updating your member profile and so on. These pages will ask you to enter personal information such as your name, member number, mailing address, phone numbers, email address, credit card information and personal profile information. The information that you type in these forms is necessary to complete the action for which the page is used. We use SSL (Secure Socket Layers), an advanced online encryption system, for your safety.
American Mensa collects information from children on a voluntary basis to update personal profile information or to provide membership information to potential members.
NOTICE: Information from potential members may be distributed to local chapters to provide information about local member benefits and activities and to arrange testing as necessary. For our young members, we require parental consent to distribute more information than name, city and state within the organization.
Cookie Policy
The American Mensa website uses cookies to provide members-only access to certain portions of the site as well as to complete online transactions. A cookie is a text file stored on your computer that includes identifying information that can be retrieved later. To increase security and privacy, American Mensa uses "session" cookies only — that is, the cookies from the American Mensa website work only during your current visit. Information is not saved for future visits.
Opt-out provision
If you currently get Mensa-related notices via email from American Mensa and wish to have your name removed from future mailings, please visit our opt-out page.
Links to other sites
The American Mensa website includes links to other websites. American Mensa is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. You should always read the privacy policy at a website before revealing any personal information.
Policy changes
We will inform you of any changes to our web policies by posting a notice on our website. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to everyone using our website and will replace any prior policies.