http://www.aises.org/privacy
Become a Member    Member Login  Winds of Change Magazine  |  Career Hub  | Opportunities Board | Contact Us
About
Inside AISES
Our Staff
Our Board
Council of Elders
Circle Partners
Contact Us
About Us
About AISES
Our Mission
Our History
Annual Reports and Financials
Advisory Councils
Academic Advisory Council
Canadian Indigenous Advisory Council
Corporate Advisory Council
Government Relations Council
Professional Chapter Council
Tribal Nations Advisory Council
Our Stories
The Canadian Indigenous Advisory Council
For Students
Membership
Become a Member
Sequoyah (Lifetime) Membership
Membership Rules
Programs
Pre-College Programs
College Programs
Chapters
Chapter Directory
Student Representatives
Starting a College Chapter
College Chapter Reports
College Chapter Awards
Pre-College Affiliates
.CAISES – Canadian Region of AISES
Opportunities
Scholarships
Internships
AISES Career Hub
Find a Mentor
Additional Opportunities
Our Stories
Trentin Russell / Fond Du Lac / Cloquet Senior High School
For Professionals
Membership
Become a Member
Sequoyah (Lifetime) Membership
Membership Rules
Programs
Professional Programs
Chapters
Chapter Directory
Starting a Professional Chapter
Professional Chapter Reports
Professional Chapter Awards
Tribal Chapters
.CAISES – Canadian Region of AISES
Opportunities
Internships
AISES Career Hub
Ely S. Parker Award
Become a Mentor
Additional Opportunities
Our Stories
Top Jobs in Computer Science
Partners & Sponsors
Partner with AISES
For Corporations
For Educational Institutions
For Government Agencies
Become a Supporter
National Conference Sponsorship
Exhibit at the National Conference
Leadership Summit Sponsorship
Regional Conferences Sponsorship
National American Indian Science and Engineering Fair Sponsorship
Advertise with Us
Career Hub & Opportunities Board
Post a Job
Products and Pricing
Search the Resume Database
Post an Opportunity
Our Stories
25 Native STEM Enterprises to Watch: Native business owners and tribes are creating opportunities in Indian Country and beyond
News & Events
Recent News
Brielle Thorsen Named 2020 Recipient of the Order of the White Rose Scholarship
BPA Transmission Internship
BPA Fish & Wildlife Internship Announcement
Deadline is Approaching: AISES Energy Challenge!
More News...
Upcoming Events
2021 AISES National ConferenceSeptember 23, 2021 to September 25, 2021
2022 AISES National ConferenceOctober 6, 2022 to October 8, 2022
2023 AISES National ConferenceOctober 19, 2023 to October 21, 2023
More Events...
WINDS OF CHANGE MAGAZINE
Resource Center
AISES Publications
Webinars
Winds of Change Issues
Annual Report and Financials
Media Resources
AISES Merchandise
Support Us
HomeAISES Privacy Policy
AISES Privacy Policy
Donate Now      Stay Connected
Donor Privacy (Opt-In)
If you choose to make a donation to AISES, we will use your credit card information only for this transaction through our secure online payment system. AISES does not retain credit card information.
For IRS purposes, AISES does keep information on the donation history of individuals and entities who make donations to the organization. This information is also used by the organization to analyze overall giving patterns in an effort to make accurate budget projections.
AISES does not share the names and addresses it collects with other groups that may have information of interest for the recipients unless permission has explicitly been given (op-in).
AISES does not sell donor information.
This applies for both online and offline donations.
General Privacy Policy for Use of AISES’ Sites:
General Collection, Use and Protection of Personal Information:
AISES collects and uses personal information such as: name, address, phone number, and email address when it is voluntarily provided to us. This information may be provided when making a donation, requesting information or registering for a membership.
AISES does not share the names and addresses it collects with other groups that may have information of interest for the recipients Personal account number information is never disclosed for any purpose.
If you would like further information, please contact us at (505) 765-1052 from 8 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Mountain Time.
What information does AISES collect from me as an end user?
You can browse the majority of AISES’ sites without telling us who you are or giving us any personally identifiable information about yourself. When you interact with us through your computer, AISES’ sites record certain non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our sites.
All members of AISES are required to complete a member profile which includes personal information.
If you register for an AISES event, you will be asked for information which will allow AISES to register for the event some which includes personal information.
Once you provide us with the information required for membership and/or event registration, you are no longer “anonymous” to us. We also collect personally identifiable information, such as your user name and password, whenever you login to your membership account and may in limited circumstances ask you to provide credit card information and other personally identifiable information when registering for events or when making a donation. We reserve the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your account.
Some of the programs and activities on our sites (for example, scholarships and internships) may also require the provision of personally identifiable information about you beyond what it is in your membership profile information and you may voluntarily choose to participate in such programs and activities.
How does AISES use my information?
AISES also employs persons and entities to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling merchandise orders, sending mail and email, processing credit card payments, processing event registration, or helping with the maintenance or set-up of our servers or computers, providing online analytics or assessing website effectiveness. Such persons or entities may have access to your personally identifiable information only if, and as needed, to perform their functions, but are contractually prohibited from using such information for any other purposes.
When you create a profile through any of AISES’ sites, you become a registered user with password access and we use your profile information to verify your identity, create your user account, and help us to offer you more personalized features, improve our sites, and provide you with information that is of the most interest to you. Such profile information is also compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis that does not reveal your personal identity and is also considered "aggregated data.”
As an AISES member, you “opt-in” to be provided with or given the opportunity to obtain additional information of interest, updates, surveys, bulletins or other communications from AISES or its partners via e-mail.
How does AISES share and disclose my information?
Participation in certain programs available on the sites means that information you provide may be distributed or released publicly. Your participation in these programs is voluntary and you will be notified at the time when your personally identifiable information is collected if your personally identifiable information will be shared.
How can I correct and/or update my data?
You may update and/or correct your membership profile at any time by logging into your account.
How can I opt-out after providing my information?
You can unsubscribe from emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Or you may send an email to info@aises.org with any requests to make changes to your contact preferences or reqest to be forgotten.
What about the privacy policies of AISES’ sites linking to the sites or to which the sites link?
We provide links on our sites to other web sites provided by third parties. In addition, some users access our sites via another site or a link on another site. We have no control over the sites that link to our sites or to which our sites link. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any site other than our sites. The existence of a link between our sites and other third party sites does not imply an endorsement of these other sites. We are not responsible for the content of such other sites, nor for the treatment of personally identifiable information might you provide while visiting such other sites.
What constitutes my acceptance of this Privacy Policy?
By using AISES’ sites, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. AISES may modify this Privacy Policy at any time and will post a change notice with the new Privacy Policy on this Site. Your continued use of the sites after the posting of the change notice to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Users Outside of the United States
Our computer systems and some of the computer systems of our third party service providers are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. As a visitor from outside the United States, by using any of the AISES’ sites you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in other nations and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
American Indian Science and Engineering Society
4263 Montgomery Blvd NE,  Suite 200
Albuquerque, NM 87109
(505) 765-1052 | info@aises.org
FacebookTwitterLinked InYouTubeInstagram
About AISESFor StudentsFor ProfessionalsPartners & SponsorsNews & EventsResource CenterContact Us
Donate Now
WINDS OF CHANGE MAGAZINE
Become a Member  |  Member Login  |  Join Our Email List
Annual Report & Financials |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Copyright AISES 2018
Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 73-1023474