http://www.rlcnn.org/policies-and-accessibility/
Skip to content
policies and accessibilityRLCNN2019-06-11T11:26:22-04:00
DISCLAIMER AND ACCESSIBILITY
Notice to Website Viewers
This web site is provided for information and education purposes only.  Further, this web site and Resurrection Lutheran Church take no responsibility for web sites hyper-linked to this site and such hyperlinking does not imply any relationships or endorsements of the linked sites.
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us. At www.rlcnn.org, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.rlcnn.org and how it is used.
Personal Information
By entering your full name, email address, and phone number, you are providing personal information that will be used by Resurrection Lutheran Church for the sole purpose of returning your request to be contacted by us. We will only use this information to contact you in order to assist you to answer any questions you may have indicated in the comments section.
Opt-Out Option
Please contact us if you wish to opt-out  or unsubscribe from receiving any future communication.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.rlcnn.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider  (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Accessibility
We strive to make the Resurrection Lutheran Church website universally accessible and we are continuously working to improve the accessibility of content on our website. Below, you’ll find a few recommendations to help make your browsing experience more accessible:
If you have trouble seeing web pages, the US Social Security Administration offers these tips for optimizing your computer and browser to improve your online experience.
Use your computer to read web pages out loud
Use the keyboard to navigate screens
Increase text size
Magnify your screen
Change background and text colors
Make your mouse pointer more visible (Windows only)
If you are looking for mouse and keyboard alternatives, speech recognition software such as Dragon Naturally Speaking may help you navigate web pages and online services. This software allows the user to move focus around a web page or application screen through voice controls.
If you are deaf and or hard of hearing, there are several accessibility features available to you:
Closed Captioning
Closed captioning provides a transcript for the audio track of a video presentation that is synchronized with the video and audio tracks. Captions are generally visually displayed over the video, which benefits people who are deaf and hard of hearing, and anyone who cannot hear the audio due to noisy environments. Most of our video content includes captions. Learn how to turn captioning on and off in YouTube.
Volume Controls
Your computer, tablet, or mobile device has volume control features. Each video and audio service has its own additional volume controls. Try adjusting both your device’s volume controls and your media players’ volume controls to optimize your listening experience.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
ACCEPT
REJECT
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings
Go to Top