http://www.wscs.info/cookie-policy/
Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Cookies
Cookies are short text files, stored on a user’s device by a website, used for the technical functioning or for gathering statistics. Typically they are used to provide a more personalised experience for a user, for example when an online service remembers your user profile without you having to login.
When you visit a website, this may collect some data on your browsing experience such as your IP address, the pages you visited, when you visited and the website page you were redirected from. This information is used to gather aggregated and anonymous statistics with a view to improving the services and to enhance your user experience.
According to your consent, the cookies we use are of two types: session and persistent.
A session cookie exists only in the temporary memory of the browser while the user navigate the website. Web browsers normally delete session cookies when the user closes the browser. Session cookies are temporarily saved in the user’s browser and their only purpose is to reflect the choice of the user of not allowing persistent cookies.
In case you allow it, a website also uses persistent cookies to save the preference and retrieve it during the next visits. An application cookie, containing the user’s positive answer to the use of cookies, will be stored in the user’s browser for a period of 11 months. After this period expires, the user will be prompted to give your consent again.
How do we use cookies?
WSCS uses cookies only for statistics on how users use the site. These statistics are generated by Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’) (www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. To protect your privacy, Analytics removes the last part of your IP address prior to its use and storage. Google will use information from the cookies for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By accepting cookies when you navigate this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – see https://aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
If you need more information or
assistance contact us
CONTACT US
Do you have questions? Ask here.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.