http://www.indianagrantmakers.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Indiana Philanthropy Alliance (“IPA,” “we,” or “us”) values your privacy. This policy explains the ways in which we may collect, maintain and use information from visitors to our site. This policy applies only to IPA's collection and use of information through its site and does not apply to the collection and use of information obtained through other means.
Registration:
If you register on our homepage, we will collect your contact information so that you will be able to customize your experience on IPA's website.
Contact Us:
If you submit personal information, such as your email address, to us by following "Contact Us" links throughout our website, we will use that information to respond to your request for information.
Children’s Privacy:
Our website is not directed to children and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to use this website to provide us with any personally-identifying information. Children always should get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the Internet. If you are under 13, please do not provide any information about yourself on this website.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties:
IPA only uses personal information that we receive to provide services or to respond to inquiries. We will not disclose personally identifying information collected through our website to third parties except as provided in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to release personally identifying information about our website visitors when we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to comply with law or to protect the safety or property of visitors to our site, the public, IPA, our affiliates or our personnel. We also reserve the right to disclose personally identifying information about our website visitors to third-party contractors we engage to assist us with the operation of our website or other aspects of our business when our contractors need access to such information to perform the services we request.
Surveys:
We occasionally conduct online surveys to learn more about your views on important topics in philanthropy. We use the survey data to improve our programs and services. We may publicize the results as a public service, but only in such a manner so as not to reveal any personally-identifying information. We do not collect personally identifying information in the surveys unless voluntarily submitted for the purpose of follow-up questions.
Email Newsletters:
We may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters on topics that we believe are of interest to our visitors. If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us. See "Opting Out" below.
Cookies:
IPA also may use “cookies” to collect information about visitors to our site. A “cookie” is a small text file that a website places on your computer's hard drive to make it easier to use certain site functions or to collect information about your activities on the website. The cookie transmits this information back to the website. Many users do not know that "cookies" are placed on their computers when they visit website. If you want to prevent this from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer. Please note that if you disable cookies you may loose some functionality on the site.
IPA uses cookies on our website in the following ways:
We use cookies to analyze how visitors, in the aggregate, use our websites to make them as useful as possible. We do not collect or store personally-identifying information through the use of cookies.
We use cookies for our member login so that when members return to our website, they can access members only content without having to sign back into the system.
We use cookies for our My IPA Page so that registered users can customize their experiences.
Opting Out:
If you register with IPA, you will have the opportunity to review, update, or delete the information you have provided us at any time (except, of course, any information that we do not store). If you remove your registration information completely, you may not be able to continue using certain services that require registration. You agree that we may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to our site or the services offered over our site and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our site. If you do not wish to receive these notices, please email us at info@inphilanthropy.org. If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings (for example, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by coming back to our site).
Security:
Providing security for the personal information that you submit is a top priority. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, and other technologies and processes, such as encryption, access control procedures, network firewalls, physical security, and other measures intended to protect the information that you provide to us. These measures increase the security and privacy of information traveling to, from, and within IPA. Only our authorized employees or agents carrying out permitted business functions are allowed to access personal information. Please be aware, however, that no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that the information that you supply to us will not be intercepted during transmission over the Internet.
Links to Other Web Sites:
Our website links to other organizations whose privacy practices may differ from those of IPA. If you submit personal information to any of these sites, your information is subject to their policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Web site that you visit.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:
IPA reserves the right to change our privacy policy at any time. We will post changes in this space before they take effect.
Privacy Compliance:
For questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact info@inphilanthropy.org.
X
E-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password