https://www.friendshipbridge.org/privacy-policy
Empower women. Eliminate poverty.
DONATE NOW
NEWSLETTER
SHOP
Who We Are
Our Mission and Our History
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Partners
Financial Performance
Social Performance
What We Do
Microcredit
Education
Health for Life
Handmade by Friendship Bridge (Artisan Program)
Women’s Agriculture Credit & Training
Client Stories
Get Involved
Donate
Give in Other Ways
Take an Insight Trip to Guatemala
Join a Friendship Circle
Join Our Team
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Tell Our Story
What’s New
Blog
COVID-19
Events
In the News
Videos
Shop
Who We Are
Our Mission and Our History
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Partners
Financial Performance
Social Performance
What We Do
Microcredit
Education
Health for Life
Handmade by Friendship Bridge (Artisan Program)
Women’s Agriculture Credit & Training
Client Stories
Get Involved
Donate
Give in Other Ways
Take an Insight Trip to Guatemala
Join a Friendship Circle
Join Our Team
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Tell Our Story
What’s New
Blog
COVID-19
Events
In the News
Videos
Shop
Donor Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website and reviewing our donor privacy policy. This donor privacy policy (“Policy”) describes Friendship Bridge’s privacy practices for visitors to our website located at www.friendshipbridge.org (“Site”) and all donors, including what types of information we gather and track, how we use the information, and with whom we share the information. We treat our donor privacy with the upmost importance and recognize the value of protecting the privacy of personal and contact information. As such, this Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by us. This Policy covers only privacy practices with respect to information and data we collect online and offline. The Site is managed by Friendship Bridge located in Lakewood, Colorado, United States of America.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us at:
Friendship Bridge
405 Urban Street, Suite 140
Lakewood, CO 80228
info@friendshipbridge.org
Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of this Policy and your consent to the practices
it describes. Please note that your use of the Site and services is subject to our Terms of Use,
located on www.friendshipbridge.org.
Your Privacy
We are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate
protection and management of your personal information, such as your name, address, telephone
number, email address, and interests that you share with us. The purpose of this Policy is to let
you know what personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Site, how we
use such information, and the choices you have regarding the use of, and your ability to review
and correct, your personal information.
How We Collect Your Information
You can visit many of our Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal
information about yourself. When you visit our Site, we log general data, such as your Internet
Protocol (IP) address, the name of the Web page from which you entered our Site, which pages
you visit on our Site, the actions you take during your visit to a particular page (for example, any
links or banners on which you click), and how much time you spend on each page. Your IP
address is not linked to your personal information, and you will remain anonymous unless you
voluntarily tell us who you are.
If you choose to register with us or use certain features and functions of our Site, we ask you to
provide certain personal information. Whether or not you elect to provide personal information
is completely your own choice. However, if you choose not to provide the information
requested, you may be unable to access certain services and content on our Site. 2
How We Use Your Information
The non-personally identifiable information we collect is used to monitor use of and improve our
Site as well as for internal analysis. In particular, IP addresses are used to diagnose problems
with the server on which this information is stored, analyze trends and statistics, administer our
Site, track visitors’ movement, gather information to improve visitors’ online experience, and to
facilitate their visit within the Site.
We generally use your personal information for our own business and administrative purposes,
such as responding to your questions or comments, identifying areas of user interest, and
coordinating volunteer opportunities.
Use of and Disclosure to Third Parties
We use third parties to provide certain services for our Site, including administrative support,
such as credit card transactions, newsletter registration, event registration and tracking traffic on
our Site. In connection with providing these services, we may share your information with these
third parties, and when appropriate, law enforcement authorities. In addition, these third parties
may collect certain personal information such as your name, address, telephone number, email
address, interests and, if you elect to use certain services, like making an online donation or
purchasing Friendship Bridge merchandise, your credit or debit card information. Third parties
retained by us to collect this information have implemented measures to collect this information
and to ensure that your information is kept in a secure manner. Although we endeavor to select
only reputable companies that share our commitment to user privacy, we are in no way
responsible for the actions or policies of these third parties.
Friendship Bridge only shares your personal information with organizations that work on
Friendship Bridge’s behalf. These organizations will have access to such information solely for
activities approved in advance by us. In certain instances we may also disclose your personal
information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal
action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, us, or others. Friendship
Bridge will not rent, sell, or share your personal information.
Other Websites
Our Site contains links to third-party websites that are provided for your convenience. We do
not endorse nor are we responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We
recommend that you review the privacy policies and terms of use that govern those websites
when you visit them.
Use of Cookies
We may use “cookies” to track the online movements of our visitors. Cookies are small text
files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and
use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will
allow content improvements and the delivery of customized content. Many consider the use of 3
cookies to be industry standard. If you do not want information collected through the use of
cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that will allow you to deny or accept the
cookie feature. If you do so, however, some areas of some pages within our Site may not
function properly. We use cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information from
our online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within
our Site.
Privacy of Children
Our Site is directed towards adults and we do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under the age of 13 through our Site.
Tell-A-Friend
We may choose to implement a referral service at some point. If we do so and you elect to use
our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, you will be asked to supply the friend’s
name and email address. Friendship Bridge will send the friend a one-time email inviting them
to visit our Site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Access to and Modification of Personal Information
We may choose to have user logins and/or profiles to access certain areas of our Site at some
point. If this occurs and you are a registered user of our Site, you may update your personal
information by logging into your account and providing your user name and password.
Security
If user logins and/or profiles are required to access certain areas of our Site, you are responsible
for maintaining the security of your password. Do not share your password with any third
parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should notify us
immediately.
To prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, we will put in place commercially
reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect through our Site. However, no data or information transmission over the
Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or
warrant the security of such information and cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or
unauthorized acquisition of information or data submitted to our Site, or for any resulting
damages.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date
at the bottom of this Policy. For material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by placing a
prominent notice on the Site. We will not materially alter the use of your personal information
without contacting you directly and seeking your affirmative consent.4
Last Updated: February 19, 2013
© Friendship Bridge 2013. All Rights Reserved.
Search
Recent Posts
Estefana and The Blessing
2 Nov 2020
Get to Know Her: Angelina Roquel
23 Sep 2020
Friendship Bridge & MAIA: A Partnership Creating Pathways for Guatemalan Women
9 Sep 2020
A Health Appointment at Home During a Pandemic
28 Aug 2020
How we plan to use technology to serve women in Guatemala during the COVID-19 crisis
16 Apr 2020
Donate
Facebook
Newsletter
[ Contact Us ]501(c)(3) organization
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Shop Policies |
© 2020 Friendship Bridge