https://www.jaxhumane.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Jacksonville Humane Society (JHS) has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.jaxhumane.org. In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. JHS reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. By visiting this Web site you agree that no information you submit to the site shall contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are solely responsible for the content of any information you provide to JHS. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to JHS by sending an e-mail to privacy@jaxhumane.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Information You Voluntarily Provide
The JHS collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation or subscribe to one of our online newsletters. Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address phone number, interests or any other information with JHS with any other organization or JHS sponsors. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, social security numbers. Credit card numbers are required for online donations and transactions. Credit card numbers are not stored.
Donor Information
The JHS collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you complete any of our donation forms (online or otherwise). The JHS does not share any personal information with any outside organization or JHS sponsors. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors. If credit card numbers are required for online donations and transactions, credit card numbers are not stored.
Information Tracked by Our Database Software & Financial Services
We use your IP address to help diagnose and track browser types to help us understand visitors’ needs. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
We do not release any customer information to outside independent telemarketing or direct mail marketing firms. Customer information is shared with our affiliate companies, outside vendors and/or parties only when disclosure of such information is necessary to complete account set-up, process bankcard transactions, and to perform such services as are requested by you or when applicable law or legal authority requires that such information be disclosed. TRANSFIRST has established physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect our customer’s privacy. One of the ways we protect our customer information is by limiting access to information to those employees who have a business reason to access the information. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of customer information. We take appropriate disciplinary action to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.
Sharing and Usage
Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you, sending materials based on your request for information, or providing SofterWare, Inc. news and promotions that match your interests.
Requesting information
Users of JHS websites may e-mail us to request information. Our staff may collect e-mail addresses and names in order to fulfill requests. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us by e-mail.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of JHS’s Web sites, programs and services.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing these sites and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Security
Financial information and transactions provided to JHS is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by JHS. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. SofterWare, Inc. takes care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors’ security and privacy among employees.
Forums and E-Cards
The Jacksonville Humane Society Forum is an online social network for sharing dog and cat information, interests, facts, photos, stories and videos with other animal lovers and pet owners. The purpose of this site is to educate, entertain and support animal lovers, pets and their owners. The JHS Forum is an interactive community, and therefore you are vital to upholding respectful content on this site. The purpose of the JHS E-Cards is to share information, appreciation, wishes and greetings. Please take a few moments to review these terms of use.
By using the JHS Forum and E-Cards, you accept and agree to the following Terms and Conditions. Nothing in Terms and Conditions should be construed to confer any rights to third party beneficiaries.
JHS and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published in this web site for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics, templates and electronic communications are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. JHS and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
In no event shall JHS and/or its suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this website, and whether or not JHS have been previously advise of the possibility of such damage.
USE COMMON SENSE IN ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVITIES
Even the best policy can’t protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances. Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets. Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities.
Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication. Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages, including online greetings. Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board or forum, your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail (also known as spam). Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so.
Eligibility and registration
As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password and you will be responsible for all activities occurring under your username and for keeping your password secure. We may refuse to grant you a username that impersonates someone else, is or may be protected by trademark or proprietary rights law, or is vulgar, offensive or otherwise inappropriate, as determined by us in our sole discretion. You are solely responsible for any and all uses of your username, password, and account.
Appropriate conduct and content; personal use only
The Jacksonville Humane Society Forums are available for your personal, non-commercial use only. Businesses, organizations, or legal entities may not use the JHS Forum for any purpose.
By acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, you agree that any information you provide about yourself and your pets is accurate and complete information at the time provided. In particular, you represent that you are 18 years of age or older. In addition, you agree to update any information provided to any JHS Forum to keep it accurate and complete. If you become a Member of any JHS Forum, your failure to accurately and completely provide, and timely update, information about yourself is reasonable grounds for suspension or termination of your membership.
You may not use the JHS Forum for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. International users agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content, including laws regulating the export of data from the United States or your country of residence. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, information, photos, links and other content (“Materials”) that you submit, post, and display on JHS Forum.
Sharing
Referral programs
JHS participates in several referral programs such as our arrangement with Flowerpetal.com. Through these programs our Web site users have the opportunity to purchase products that generate royalties for JHS. When such purchases are made, the user becomes a customer of the company providing the product and is then subject to the policies of that company JHS does not collect personally identifiable information about users in these transactions, however the affiliate company may choose to share customer lists back with JHS. These lists are entered into our member/donor database. Partnership programs. JHS retains third party vendors to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personal information for any secondary purposes.
Other Websites
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which JHS has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Opt Out
You may opt-out of receiving communications from JHS by sending an email to us at privacy@jaxhumane.org with your complete name, address and email address.
Contacting the Website Owner
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact:
Jacksonville Humane Society
8464 Beach Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32216
904-725-8766
JHS reserves the right, in limited, narrowly defined circumstances, to release information to local, state or federal law enforcement agencies when we have a good faith belief that the applicable law requires it. Additionally, JHS reserves the right to release information pursuant to a Court order or the order of a duly authorized governmental administrative agency.
Related Links