https://www.animalwhisperer.net/privacy-policy-refund-policy/
Skip to content
Animal Communicator Suzan Vaughn
Menu
About
About Suzan Vaughn
7 Simple Steps to Communicate With Your Animals
Animal Communicator’s Code of Ethics
Refund and Privacy Policies
Movies and Articles
Blog
Contact
Free Animal Communication Resources
Consultations cancelled 24 hours before the scheduled session will receive a full refund.
Otherwise, the time has been blocked out for you and no refund will be issued.
Animal Communication Consultations Refund PolicyA Note From Suzan
I am fully committed to bringing skill, empathy, love and compassion to every consultation. I pledge to carefully listen to your animals and to share with you the messages they send me through pictures, sounds, scents, and feelings. Further, I work hard to describe these to you in clear, understandable, supportive and loving terms. I understand that it sometimes takes courage to open yourself up to your animal’s communications.
During the sessions, I intentionally provide time for you to discuss and respond to what your animal says. Communication between humans requires continual checking and clarity, and I want to make sure the messages are understandable. When translating from a picture to words,
I may tell you what’s being sent and ask you what it means to you!
However, if you are unhappy with the messages from your animals or with the consultation, and make that clear to me during the session,  I am happy to end the consultation and refund the unused time on a pro-rated basis. If you are unhappy with the consultation but don’t communicate this with me until after a consultation, no refund will be issued.
I Work Hard for You
I wholeheartedly want my clients and their animals to be genuinely helped by and pleased with our work together. But no animal communicator can guarantee that a client will be happy with what their animal has to say or how they say it. Animal communicators can tell you what your animal is saying and feeling, but we cannot guarantee that you will agree with it, like it, or even believe it.
Even as we work diligently and ethically to communicate with animals and to translate their messages to our clients, we cannot assume responsibility for another person’s reactions to their animals’ message.
Proof?
I’m an animal communicator. A two-way conversation between you and your animal is what I provide.
I am also an experienced psychic counselor for people. I can tune into the “future probably reality” from the current moment and let you know how the trajectory of the path you are on unfolds. But I am not an entertainment medium and will not respond to test or proof questions. If you are looking for proof that telepathic communication is real, please don’t schedule a consultation with me. This will prevent ill feelings.
I don’t respond to testing of that nature and a refund for the consultation will not be issued.
The Company I Keep
Medium Masters is the parent company of www.animalwhisperer.net. That’s the name you will see on your receipt. Medium Masters is a sole proprietorship, offering animal communication, psychic medium counseling sessions, short promotional movies, and books by Suzan Vaughn.
She can be reached at animalwhisper55@gmail.com, or through our customer service line at (805) 540-9520.
Privacy Policy
Data Collection: We collect information from all visitors. It includes things like which search engines referred you, when you visited, and which pages are most popular. The purpose of this information is to have a website that is easy for our clients to use.
Due diligence.
Credit Card Security
Because all payments and credit card numbers are held in a secure location by the processor, we cannot access any of your credit card information. At animalwhisperer.net, we like it that way.  Our secure shopping cart company keeps credit card information only until the transaction is complete.
Anti-Virus Software
To assure the security of all client information, we use anti-virus software and firewalls to prevent unauthorized access, appropriate measures to assure the physical security of hard drives and other data storage devices, and even encryption when necessary.
If you link to other site from our links page, you may visit sites with different privacy policies different than ours. Please consult the privacy policy of those sites you visit for more information. Animalwhisperer.net is not responsible for data collected by partners or vendors via their web sites.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Visit our login page, and we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you. They use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content. They also track your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics.
To provide website visitors the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics, use the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js).
The Google Analytics opt-out add-on is designed to be compatible with Chrome, Internet Explorer 11, Safari, Firefox and Opera.
Learn more about about the opt-out and how to properly install the browser add-on here.
How long we retain your data
Leaving a comment? The comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information you provide in your user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request an exported file of the personal data we hold about you. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
What We Collect and Store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewedLocation, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shippingShipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide some information. That will include your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and phone number. Payment information is sent to the processor (Paypal) and not available to us.
However, optional account information like username and password can be saved. We’ll use this information for purposes you agree to, such as:
Send you information about your account and orderRespond to your requests, including refunds and complaintsProcess payments and prevent fraudComply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxesImprove our store offeringsSend you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need it to process your order. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Gift Certificate for an Animal Communication Session
Session Sign-Up
Animal Communication Movies
People Psychic Counseling
Healing with TTouch: Movies
Lost Animals
About Suzan Vaughn
Code of Ethics
Order My Book: Dispatches From The Ark
Recommended Foods for Dogs and Cats
Refund and Privacy Policies
Gift Certificate
Blog
Desert Retreat: Mo the Tortoise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_z8xkvZYwE&t=3sA Search Dog Storyhttps://youtu.be/Kh8tI5K_MP0We Are Siamese If You Pleasehttps://youtu.be/_3u8xgLCocoThe Aggressive Cathttps://youtu.be/ZanjYTbVapgThe Reluctant Roosterhttps://youtu.be/3-yY4d146p8
Animal Communicator Suzan Vaughn 2020 | All Rights Reserved. Animals theme by Flythemes.