http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/04.2003.html
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 April 2003
Editor: Prof. Arthur S.
Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax
431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Alan J.
Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington,
D.C.; Tara Scavo, Student, NY Law School ‘03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York
City; Audrey E. Weinberger, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Robert Wintemute,
Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.
(C) 2003 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
SUPREME COURT AVOIDS SAME-SEX
HARASSMENT CONTROVERSY;
REJECTS EMPLOYER’S APPEAL IN
_MGM GRAND V. RENE_
Even as it was preparing to
hear oral arguments in _ Lawrence v. Texas_, the pending sodomy law case on
March 26 (see below), the U.S. Supreme Court announced on March 24 that it would
avoid, for now, another important gay rights question: whether and under what
circumstances Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which bans sex
discrimination in the workplace, can protect lesbian and gay employees from
hostile environment sexual harassment. _MGM Grand Hotel v. Rene_, No. 02-970,
cert. denied, 71 U.S.L.W. 3444 & 3452, 2003 WL 1446593.
This was the question posed by
the case of Medina Rene, a gay man who had been employed as a butler by the MGM
Grand Hotel in Las Vegas and who was subjected to severe hostile environment
harassment by fellow employees before he was fired.  U.S. District Court Judge Philip M. Pro (D. Nevada) dismissed
the case before trial, ruling that based on Rene’s own factual allegations it
appeared that he was harassed because he is gay, and federal civil rights law
does not forbid such harassment.  After
a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit
affirmed that ruling by a 2-1 vote, 243 F.3d 1206 (2001), Rene petitioned the
appeals court for reconsideration by a larger panel of judges.
In a rare move, his petition was granted.
Last September 24, the expanded
panel of eleven judges issued its decision, 305 F.3d 1061 (2002), reversing the
three-judge panel and ruling that Rene was entitled to a trial of his sexual
harassment claim.  But the court
split three ways, with no one rationale for the ruling capturing a majority.
Writing for four of the judges,
Circuit Judge William Fletcher found that what Rene was alleging was harassment
“of a sexual nature,” and therefore could come under the jurisdiction of
Title VII’s ban on sex discrimination, regardless of whether Rene was gay or
not.  Three members of the court, in
an opinion by Circuit Judge Harry Pregerson, ruled in Rene’s favor under a
different theory: that he had been harassed due to his failure to conform to
gender stereotypes, an alternative theory that had recently been approved by the
9th Circuit in another case.  Finally,
four members of the court dissented in an opinion by Circuit Judge Proctor Hug,
who had written the opinion for the 3-judge panel, agreeing with the trial judge
that Rene’s factual allegations clearly indicated that he was harassed because
of his sexual orientation.  Judge
Hug maintained that the majority had misconstrued some of Rene’s deposition
statements entered in the record, which did not really support the stereotyping
theory, which he otherwise would accept in a proper case.
If the Supreme Court had taken
this case, it would have had an excellent opportunity to clear up the
wide-ranging confusion in the federal appeals courts over when an employee who
is either openly gay or perceived by other employees as being gay is protected
from harassment by Title VII.  In an
important 1998 ruling, _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services_, 523 U.S. 75,
the Court had ruled unanimously that Title VII does extend to claims of
same-sex harassment, provided the victim can prove that he was harassed because
of his sex.  But the Court did not
explain in any depth what it meant by “because of sex,” leaving the issue to
further development in the lower courts.
Since _Oncale_, there have been
numerous lower court decisions, some involving gay employees, others involving
non-gay employees who nonetheless encountered homophobic harassment, usually of
a “sexual nature” and sometimes going beyond taunting to actual physical
assaults.  In those cases where the
judges believed that the victim was attacked by homophobic co-workers because of
the victim’s sexual orientation, the judges ruled that Title VII had not been
violated.  In those cases where a
persuasive argument was made that the victim’s failure to conform to gender
stereotypes had sparked the harassment, the case was allowed to go forward.
The _Rene_ case is the first since _Oncale_ where a federal appeals court
has arguably found that harassment of a “sexual nature” is by itself enough
to bring the case within the ambit of Title VII.
Since passage of the Employment
Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) still seems far off, and only a minority of states
have laws banning sexual orientation discrimination (under which anti-gay
workplace harassment would be unlawful), Title VII remains as the only hope for
employees in many states that lack such laws when they seek redress for
homophobic workplace harassment. The 9th Circuit’s decision was
particularly important not only because of its at least partial embrace of the
“sexual nature” theory, and reiteration of support for the “gender
stereotyping” theory, but also because it is by far the largest federal
circuit in terms of the number of employees potentially protected by its
decisions, although for residents of California and Hawaii the decision is not
quite so important since state law protects them as well.  In addition to Nevada, from which the _MGM Grand_ case comes,
the other states in the 9th Circuit are Arizona, Oregon, Washington,
and Alaska.  A.S.L.
SUPREME COURT HEARS ARGUMENT IN
LAWRENCE V. TEXAS
A _Law Notes_ Contributing Writer attended
the oral argument in _Lawrence v. Texas_, in which the Supreme
Court will determine the fate of Section 21.06 of the Texas
Penal Code, the so-called “Homosexual Conduct” law that makes it
a misdemeanor for persons of the same sex to have anal or oral
sex with each other.  The Petitioners in this case were
convicted of violating the law after police officers, responding
to a false report, entered Mr. Lawrence’s apartment and found
the men sexually engaged.  They were each fined $200 for
violating the law and appealed, at first winning a ruling from a
three-judge panel of the Texas Court of Appeals that the law
violated the Texas Constitution, then suffering a reversal from
an en banc panel and a refusal by the Texas Court of Criminal
Appeals, the highest appellate court for criminal cases, to take
up the case on its merits.  The Supreme Court granted certiorari
on three questions: whether the statute violates Due Process;
whether the statute violates Equal Protection; whether _Bowers
v. Hardwick_, the Court’s 1986 ruling rejecting a privacy
challenge to Georgia’s sodomy law, should be overruled.  Here is
our writer’s report:
The long-anticipated argument
in _Lawrence v. Texas_ finally took place on March 26, and probably could not
have gone any better.  Paul Smith,
who argued on behalf of the team of lawyers from Lambda Legal Defense &
Education Fund and Washington, D.C.-based Jenner & Block, began his
presentation by noting that a criminal prosecution for consensual sexual
intimacy in the privacy of one’s home runs counter to Americans’ fundamental
beliefs and values “implicit in our concept of ordered liberty.”
Furthermore, a law such as the one at issue in this case, which singles
out same-sex sodomy for prohibition while leaving opposite-sex couples free to
make the full range of choices regarding how they will conduct their most
intimate relationships, violates the concept of equal protection of the laws.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist
and Justice Antonin Scalia revealed their views early, both insisting at various
points that moral judgments may be enough to sustain a law such as the one at
issue in this case. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David Souter and Stephen
Breyer, on the other hand, offered Smith numerous opportunities to explain fully
why this law ran afoul of the Constitution.
Despite the predictions of some
that the Court would ignore the due process argument in favor of the equal
protection issue, the Court lingered on the privacy argument for over half of
the argument.  Justice Scalia, who
at times appeared to have an air of resignation about him, asked Smith whether
the fact that numerous states had repealed their laws against flag-pole sitting
would somehow create a fundamental right to sit on flag-poles. Smith responded
by noting that one must also look at the importance of the conduct to the lives
and identities of citizens.
The Chief Justice asked Smith
whether the state could prohibit homosexuals from becoming kindergarten teachers
solely based on a moral judgment such as the one expressed by this law. Smith
responded that the individual interests and state interests at stake in such a
case would clearly be different from those presented in Lawrence, where the full
weight of the criminal law was brought to bear on individuals for making choices
that the state did not like.  Justice Scalia followed up the Chief’s question by
indicating that the state might not want homosexuals interacting with children
because it would lead them to become homosexual. In an unusual lapse in
courtroom decorum, the audience -- filled mostly with gay and lesbian attorneys
and other supporters -- groaned and/or booed Scalia’s comment.
Smith moved with great skill
back and forth between his due process and equal protection arguments. At one
point, Justice Scalia suggested that Smith hold up one hand when he was
discussing due process and the other when discussing equal protection, so as to
avoid any confusion. Justice Scalia asked Smith whether it was necessary for the
Court to overrule _Bowers v. Hardwick_ -- specifically its statement that moral
judgments alone are enough to sustain sodomy laws -- and Smith explained that it
would not be necessary for purposes of an equal protection ruling.
Justice Ginsburg then jumped in, and “asked” whether Smith thought
_Bowers_ should be overruled as a due process ruling.
In response to this softball question, Smith presented three reasons why
_Bowers_ should be overruled. First, Smith noted that _Bowers_ had
mischaracterized the right at issue as “homosexual sodomy” rather than the
right to make a whole range of choices, including the decision to engage in
sodomy, regarding sexuality. Second, Smith noted that _Bowers_ had gotten the
history completely wrong by suggesting that there was a long history of
regulating same-sex conduct.  In
fact, a careful historical review revealed that most sodomy laws prohibited
conduct without regard to the sex of the participants. [The ACLU and a group of
gay historians both presented compelling arguments dealing with this history
point in their amicus briefs.] Finally, in one of the most powerful moments of
the entire argument, Smith challenged the notion that one’s sexual choices
have nothing to do with family relationships.
Smith cited the recent census showing that there are hundreds of
thousands of gay families living throughout the country. For these people,
same-sex sexual intimacy performs essentially the same function as does sexual
intimacy for married couples. Amazingly, until that point in the argument, not
even Justice Scalia had suggested that gay relationships were not valuable.
Justices Anthony Kennedy and
Sandra Day O’Connor were notably quiet throughout Smith’s presentation. At
one point, O’Connor asked whether the Petitioners were asking for heightened
scrutiny, and Smith assured her that they were confident that this law failed
rational basis review. Therefore they were not pressing (although had preserved)
heightened scrutiny arguments. Finally, Smith urged the Court to recognize a
right of privacy that protects people’s choices about sexual intimacy, stating
that while the Court had technically left the question open, the American people
have already agreed upon the right answer and had “moved on.”
The district attorney for
Harris County, Charles Rosenthal, Jr., did not have quite as enjoyable a time
before the Court. At times, even Justice Scalia, a natural ally, appeared
frustrated at the weakness of the state’s arguments. (For example, nobody was
interested in Texas’s argument that the record was insufficient because it did
not demonstrate that Petitioners were actually homosexuals.) Justice Breyer
particularly grilled Rosenthal.  At
one point, Breyer served up Smith's three main due process arguments -- _Bowers_
is “harmful in consequence, wrong in theory, understat[es] the constitutional
value” of the right at issue -- and demanded that Rosenthal provide a
“straight answer” to these claims. Chuckles broke out throughout the
courtroom, and even Justice Clarence Thomas gave Breyer an elbow in the ribs for
his witty double entendre.  Breyer
kept pressing -- If this conduct is not hurting anyone, then what the heck is
the government doing in people's bedrooms? Could Texas make it illegal for
people to tell serious lies to family members around the dinner table simply
because it is immoral to do so?
Perhaps having given up on
Rosenthal, Justice Scalia took on the effort of defending Texas' position. The
Chief Justice ultimately had to step in to the debate between Scalia and Breyer
and encouraged them to at least try to direct their questions to the advocate
before them.
Justice Ginsburg asked whether
Texas prohibited homosexuals from adopting, but Rosenthal answered that he did
not know. (Answer -- no) She then remarked that such facts would seem to be
important to Texas’s case. Justice Souter challenged Texas on whether there
was any tradition of regulating only same-sex conduct and asked how long this
tradition had been in place (answer - only since 1973).
Rosenthal insisted that even though Texas had decriminalized a whole
range of conduct for heterosexuals back in 1973 -- including adultery,
fornication, sodomy and bestiality -- these repeals did not necessarily suggest
that the state condoned the conduct. He insisted that the state had the right to
draw the line where it did. At that point, Justice Kennedy (in one of his only
comments) stated that Rosenthal’s argument did not speak to the due process
question.  Kennedy had also asked
Smith to clarify the distinction between his equal protection and due process
argument, but in a manner that did not necessarily provide any indication
regarding his views.
Although supporters of the
Petitioners left the argument with tremendous optimism, in some sense, the
argument threw into question which of the two grounds offered the more narrow
ruling. The privacy argument could arguably be cabined to the question of what
consenting adults choose to do in their bedroom, whereas an equal protection
ruling stating that discriminatory laws grounded solely in a moral judgment are
unconstitutional clearly could have a broader reach. While most are predicting
victory, it is still an open question how the Court will get there.
_Sharon McGowan_
@SEC = LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
California Appeals Court
Rejects ERISA Preemption Defense Against Sexual Orientation Discrimination Claim
A California appellate court
has ruled that federal law does not preempt state statutory and common law
claims against a fertility clinic that allegedly refused to provide services to
a female patient because of her sexual orientation. _Benitez v. North Coast
Women's Care Medical Group, Inc._, 131 Cal. Rptr. 2d 364, 106 Cal. App. 4th
978 (Cal. Ct. App., 4th Dist., March 4, 2003).
Pursuant to the health benefits plan provided by her employer, Guadalupe Benitez
began receiving infertility treatment from the North Coast Women's Care Medical
Group, Inc. (NCWC) in August 1999. At the time she began her treatment, Benitez
told her ob-gyn, Dr. Christine Brody, that she was a lesbian, but asked Brody to
keep that information confidential. Brody agreed not to include any reference to
Benitez's sexual orientation in her chart. Early on, Brody expressed her
religious-based objections to homosexual parenthood via artificial insemination,
but nevertheless agreed to provide Benitez with fertility-related medical
services. Brody also indicated that there would be no problem for another NCWC
physician to perform any necessary procedures.
During the next eight months, Benitez took fertility drugs and attempted
intravaginal insemination at home with donor sperm. These attempts, however,
were unsuccessful. As a result, in April 2000, Brody performed laproscopic
surgery on Benitez, in preparation for intrauterine artificial insemination (IUI).
During the week of May 15-19, 2000, Benitez twice visited NCWC for monitoring
and preparation for the IUI. On the second visit, Brody told Benitez that they
were “ready to go,” and left the room to make arrangements for another
physician to perform the procedure. When Brody returned, however, she stated
that she had “bad news;” according to Brody, California required a “tissue
license” to inseminate known donor sperm, and NCWC did not have that license.
Therefore, instead of receiving the IUI scheduled for the following day, Benitez
was instructed to continue attempting intravaginal insemination.
In July 5, 2000, Benitez visited Brody and received another negative pregnancy
test result. Brody encouraged Benitez to make arrangements for the IUI, and told
her to call the clinic as soon as her menstrual cycle resumed so that she could
resume taking clomid, a fertility drug. Two days later, Benitez called to inform
Brody that her menstrual cycle had begun and to obtain a refill of her clomid
prescription. The receptionist told Benitez that Brody was on vacation, and that
her request would be referred to one of Brody's colleagues, Dr. Douglas Fenton.
Later, however, Benitez received a phone call from someone named “Shirley”
at NCWC, who apologetically informed Benitez that Dr. Fenton would not be able
to help Benitez with the procedure or to authorize a refill for her
prescription. Benitez demanded to speak to Fenton. When he called Benitez,
Fenton allegedly stated that, because of the beliefs held by Brody and other
members of the staff -- namely, their discomfort with Benitez's sexual
orientation -- he would be unable to help Benitez.
On August 8, 2000, Benitez filed a complaint with the California Department of
Fair Employment and Housing (DFEH). Brody apparently learned of the complaint
and contacted Benitez. She tried to convince Benitez to drop the complaint by
insisting that it was ruining her career, causing her stress and making it
difficult for her to work. When Benitez challenged Brody with the fact that
Fenton could have performed the procedure because he had no objections to
treating homosexuals, Brody replied in essence that Fenton was a member of the
same church as Brody and thus held the same moral objections. After this
exchange, Benitez asked a DFEH investigator to inform Brody not to contact her
further.
Benitez ultimately went to a provider outside of her benefits plan and received
in vitro fertilization treatment, which was successful. However, the use of an
off-plan physician caused Benitez to incur considerable extra expense. In
addition, NCWC apparently refused to release certain records to Benitez's new
physician. And the records that were released revealed that, contrary to Brody's
promises of confidentiality, information about Benitez's sexual orientation had
been included in her medical file.
In July 2001, Benitez filed a complaint containing various state statutory and
common law claims against the clinic and the two doctors who had denied her
treatment. The defendants, however, argued that Benitez's claims were preempted
by federal ERISA law because the treatment at issue had been provided pursuant
to an employee health benefit plan. Benitez amended her complaint to clarify
that the defendants were not ERISA entities. Nevertheless, the trial court
dismissed her complaint with prejudice on the basis of federal preemption,
denying her the opportunity to amend her complaint further.
Relying on the U.S. Supreme Court's discussion of ERISA preemption in _New York
State Conference of Blue Cross & Blue Shield Plans v. Travelers_, 514 U.S.
635 (1995), the California appellate court explained that “ERISA preempts only
those state laws having a connection with or reference to employee benefit plans
that affect the nature of the plans and the objectives of ERISA.” The primary
objective of ERISA, the court emphasized, was “national uniformity of
administration of employee benefit plans.” As a result, ERISA preempts pure
claims regarding eligibility, but “pure” or “mixed” claims regarding
treatment decisions are not preempted, as ERISA was not intended to
“federalize malpractice litigation.”
The court then surveyed federal appellate cases, and determined that state law
claims brought against medical practitioners based on acts or omissions
unrelated to plan-based eligibility determinations or administrative decisions
are not preempted by ERISA, even though the patient had been referred to the
physician under an ERISA plan. Properly understood, ERISA is a program governing
the administration of economic benefits rather than of medical care. Therefore,
because Benitez was denied treatment for reasons wholly unrelated to her
eligibility for benefits under an ERISA plan, the claims were not preempted by
federal law. The court rejected the defendants' arguments that any decision
based on non-medical reasons falls within the scope of ERISA preemption as
“inverting the rationale” of federal ERISA cases and contrary to the general
presumption against preemption.
The court agreed that Benitez has not brought claims against defendants as
“ERISA entities,” a category which includes only employers, beneficiaries
under a plan, the plan itself and the plan fiduciaries. The complaint did not
allege that the defendants were vested with authority to determine her
eligibility under the plan, and therefore they were not acting as plan
fiduciaries. Rather, her claims were brought against them as the provider of
health care services. The defendants insisted that they qualified as plan
fiduciaries because, as the sole providers of the specified medical benefit for
plan participants, they controlled and determined whether or not plan
participants would received those medical benefits under the plan.
The court rejected this view, insisting that, according to U.S. Supreme
Court precedent, “a medical practitioner who makes treatment rather than
eligibility decisions is not acting as an ERISA fiduciary even though the
treatment decision has the incidental effect of granting or denying a patient
benefits” under an ERISA plan.
The court refused to offer comment on any of Benitez's other claims in light of
the lack of development of the record below. The court also avoided any
discussion of “freedom of religion” arguments presented to the court by
amici on behalf of the defendants. The court noted that the defendants in this
case had not raised a First Amendment defense to Benitez's claims, and therefore
it was unclear whether the issue would even emerge in this case. Second, the
record was insufficient to demonstrate whether the defendants' religious views
caused them to decline to perform certain medical procedures for all persons or
for only certain classes of people. For these reasons, any discussion of this
issue would be based on hypothetical scenarios and therefore merely an advisory
opinion.
Lambda Legal Defense and
Education Fund, the California Women's Law Center and the National Health Law
program weighed in as amici on behalf of Benitez, who was represented by Lisa
Simonetti of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan. _Sharon McGowan_
Indiana Appeals Court Opens Up
Some Adoptions for Same-Sex Couples
Making new law for the state of
Indiana, a unanimous panel of the state’s Court of Appeals ruled in _In re the
Adoption of M.M.G.C., H.H.C., and K.E.A.C._, 2003 WL 1228087 (March 18), that
the lesbian domestic partner of an adoptive parent can petition to become the
second adoptive parent of her partner’s children.  After finding that the state’s adoption statutes neither
explicitly prohibited nor permitted such an adoption, the court held that such
adoptions should be allowed when they are in the best interests of the child.
Domestic partners Shannon and
Amber Crawford-Taylor wanted to have children by adoption.
Shannon adopted two Ethiopian children on April 30, 1999, and a Chinese
child on June 8, 1999.  According to the appellate court’s opinion by Chief Judge
Sanford M. Brook, Shannon “adopted all three children in their respective
countries through the international adoption process as a single parent.”
Then, on April 28, 2000, Shannon and Amber filed joint adoption petitions
with the Lake Superior County Court for each of the three children.
The trial judge, Mary Beth Bonaventura, denied all three petitions,
observing that foreign adoptions must be “domesticated without
modification,” so Shannon filed new petitions on March 29, 2001, seeking to
domesticate her adoptions of the three children, and Amber filed new petitions
on March 30, 2001, seeking to become their adoptive co-parent.
Shannon also filed a consent form, indicating that she consented to
Amber’s adoptions without giving up any of her own parental rights.
The Lake County Division of
Family and Children’s Services performed a home study and found that things
were just fine for an adoption.  On
June 12, 2001, Judge Bonaventura issued orders domesticating Shannon’s
adoptions of the children, and taking Amber’s petitions “under
advisement.”  A month later,
however, she issued a new order denying Amber’s petitions.
According to Judge Bonaventura,
Amber could only adopt Shannon’s children without terminating Shannon’s own
parental rights if she was a relative of Shannon, and since Indiana does not
permit same-sex marriages, there was no way for Amber to become Shannon’s
relative or for Amber to adopt the children consistent with Shannon’s consent
form, which required that Shannon continue to be the children’s legal mother
after the adoption.
Amber appealed, and the
appellate court found that Judge Bonaventura had misread the adoption statute.
For one thing, Chief Judge Brook pointed out, the adoption statute
“does not require that a petitioner for adoption be a legal relative of the
child’s adoptive parent.” The only requirement of the statute is that the
petitioner be an Indiana resident, which Amber is.
Also, Brook observed that the adoption statute provides that an adoption
divests all parental rights of a _biological_ parent, but makes no mention of
ending the parental rights of an adoptive parent. Consequently, the statute does
not explicitly forbid this petition from being granted.
On the other hand, adoption is
a process that is entirely the creation of statute in American law, so the court
was faced with the lack of any specific legal authorization to grant Amber’s
petitions.  However, the court
concluded that it could make the necessary law as part of its common law
authority to adapt the law to new circumstances.
While carefully disavowing (in a footnote) any intent to rule on cases
involving co-parent petitions for adoption of a domestic partner’s biological
children, or on cases involving joint adoption petitions by domestic partners,
the court found that the public policies derived from Indiana’s adoption
statute would allow Amber’s petition to be considered on the merits by the
trial court.
“A two-parent adoption
enables a child to be raised in a stable, supportive, and nurturing environment
and precludes the possibility of state wardship in the event of one parent’s
death,” wrote Judge Brook. “Such an adoption also legally entitles the child
to both parents’ employer-and/or government-sponsored health and disability
insurance; education, housing, and nutrition assistance; and social security
benefits.  Undoubtedly, it would be
in the best interest of the three children in the instant case to be entitled to
the legal protections and advantages that a two-parent adoption provides.”
Noting that the common law provides room for courts to alter or amend
existing legal doctrines in order to meet “the legal and social needs of our
society,” and finding that the statutory policy of “providing stable homes
for children through adoption” would be advanced by such a ruling, the court
held that “Indiana’s common law permits a second parent to adopt a child
without divesting the rights of the first adoptive parent.”
The court reversed Judge Bonaventura’s ruling and sent the case back to
the county court “for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.”
Attorneys Debra Lynch Dubovich
and Reva J. Hill represented Amber on her appeal.  A.S.L.
Lesbian Co-Parent Loses Texas
Appeal
A Texas appeals court in Dallas
has rejected a lesbian co-parent’s appeal from the dismissal of her case
seeking visitation with the child she was raising with her former partner.
The decision in _Coons-Andersen v. Andersen_, 2003 WL 1090469 (March 13,
2003), also rejected her attempt to claim damages for breach of the oral
agreement she had with her partner concerning her parental rights.
Lisa Coons and Juley Andersen
began their relationship in 1988 when they were living in Florida.
Coons adopted a hyphenated surname (Coons-Andersen) and Andersen became
pregnant by donor insemination.  According
to Coons, they had an oral agreement under which Coons would support Andersen
and their child and Andersen would accord parental rights to Coons.
The child was born in March 1997, but the relationship ended in October
1998 when the child was only 18 months old.
Anderson and the child moved out, but Andersen allowed Coons to visit
with the child occasionally, and Coons continued to pay half of the child’s
day care expenses for several months.
Late in 1999 Andersen moved herself and the child to Texas and refused
any further contact with Coons, who filed this lawsuit in June 2000.
Coons claimed that she was
entitled to seek visitation rights under a theory of “in loco parentis” that
is recognized in Texas law (no such theory has been recognized by Florida
courts), and alternatively that she was entitled to damages for the breach of
her oral agreement with Andersen under which Coons paid for the costs of
insemination and pregnancy and had contributed to the support of the child in
return for acknowledgment of her parental rights.
The trial court found that
Coons did not have standing to seek visitation in a Texas court, and that her
contract claim was invalid.  The
court of appeals agreed.
A Texas statute, Tex. Fam. Code
sec. 102.003(9), provides that somebody who has exercised actual care, control
and possession of a child for a period of at least 6 months may file a lawsuit
seeking visitation rights, but not later than 90 days after such care, control
and possession has ceased.  In this
case, Coons had filed her lawsuit more than 90 days after the last day when
Andersen and the child were residing with her in Florida.
She argued that the court should extend the time to include the period
when she exercised visitation, and to make an exception in her case because she
could not have filed such a suit in Florida, which lacks a similar statute, but
the court was unwilling to do so.   Judge
Morris pointed out that the purpose of the 90 day rule was to avoid having
somebody who no longer had a relationship with a child assert a stale claim for
visitation.
The court also rejected
Coons’ rather ingenious argument that refusing her lawsuit on standing grounds
would violate a provision of the Texas Constitution, art. I, sec. 13, that
guarantees access to the courts for people with valid legal claims.
The court pointed out that the only possible argument she could make
under that provision would be that the statute had deprived her of a valid claim
that would have been recognized under common law (that is, judge-made decisional
law) before the statute was passed.  Although
Texas common law principles recognize that persons who stand “in loco parentis”
to children to whom they were not legally related may assert various legal
rights, including rights to continued contact, the court found that such a
status is considered temporary, and ends once the child no longer lives with the
person who is asserting the status.
The court also found that
Coons’ contract claim fell short.  For
one thing, the contract was not in writing and there was no written evidence of
it.  For another, Andersen claimed
that the money Coons spent was not intended as payment for parental rights, but
rather was a gift, and the court found this to be the more plausible
interpretation of the circumstances. “The expenditures for which appellant
sought reimbursement were made while she and appellee lived together as romantic
partners,” wrote Judge Morris. “Under Texas law, where persons are living
together as one household, services performed for each other are presumed to be
gratuitous, and an express contract for remuneration must be shown or that
circumstances existed showing a reasonable and proper expectation that there
would be compensation.”
In light of this requirement,
the court found that Coons’ bare assertion of an oral agreement was
insufficient under the circumstances to raise an issue for trial.  A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Approves
Custody Award to Lesbian Aunt Instead of Unstable Mother
A panel of the Ohio Appellate
Court upheld Columbiana County Juvenile Court’s decision to award custody of a
boy to his lesbian aunt instead of his mother.
Rhonda Lyons, the mother, objected, alleging that her sister, Tammy Spiya,
tried to influence her son to “believe that heterosexuality is inferior to
homosexuality.”  The panel found
that Lyons was not prepared for custody, and made no reference to Spiya’s
sexual orientation in affirming the award of custody to her. _In the Matter of
Zachary Exline_, 2003 WL 685520 (Ohio App., 7 Dist., Feb. 26, 2003).
On June 19, 2000, Lyons
attempted suicide by taking pain pills and cutting her wrists. She wrote suicide
notes to her son (age 7 at the time), his father, and to Spiya, in which she
stated that Spiya would take better care of her son. On August 29, 2000, Lyons
gave Spiya temporary custody “until I get back on my feet and am capable of
getting him back.” Zachary, the son, lived with Spiya and her partner, Sandra
Valentine, until approximately July, 2001, after which he stayed mostly with his
mother and her boyfriend until he was returned to Spiya in October, 2001, after
Lyons had allegedly become violent with him.
On December 11, 2001, Spiya
sought and obtained a court decree of legal custody. Zachary’s father did not
object.   At a hearing on March
25, 2002, Lyons said she was bi-polar or manic-depressive and had been taking
medication since November or December 2001.
Lyons was semi-homeless for almost a year after her suicide attempt.
According to the panel, Lyons had “initially accepted the fact that her sister
is a lesbian and lived with her partner for over five years” before she agreed
to have Zachary live with Spiya.  Lyons
later claimed that her son “is being influenced to believe that
heterosexuality is inferior to homosexuality.” According to the court
decision, Lyons’ boyfriend testified in her defense, but “seemed to refute
this claim.”  Lyons, at the first
hearing, said that her son was not in danger in Spiya’s house, but later
claimed that Valentine pulled the back of  Zachary’s
shirt when she was mad at him, choking him. Spiya explained that the son had
“refused to do his homework, and when Valentine was going to take his
toys/privileges away,” he spit in her face.
Lyons’ mother testified for
Lyons, claiming that Lyons never hit the son except for spanking, although she
said that Lyons “was rowdy and upset all the time” and was unable to take
care of her son.  Valentine
testified that Lyons lived with her and Spiya for a time and would hit her son
“when she was mad,” would “excessively swat [his] backside” and
“backhand him across the face, grab him, and throw him.” Valentine said she
“saw scratches on the son’s face and neck,” which were allegedly caused by
Lyons. Valentine claimed that Lyons called her at work and “told her that she
slammed [her son] into a wall” and that she was fearful of hurting him. Spiya
claimed to have seen Lyons kick her son’s legs so he would fall, and hit him
“multiple times in a row.”
On March 28, 2002, the Juvenile
Court granted custody to Spiya, finding that Lyons had more than once “harmed
and/or threatened to harm” her son and “experienced unstable episodes in the
recent past.”  Lyons was found to
be “unsuitable” to have custody “at this time,” but she was granted
visitation rights.
Lyons appealed, citing the
paramount custodial right of a parent over a non-parent. Judge Vukovich, writing
for the appellate panel, found that the only issue for the panel to consider was
whether the Juvenile Court had sufficient grounds to find that Lyons was
unsuitable to act as custodian of her child.
The panel found that a “suitable parent” has a paramount right, but
if a parent is found unsuitable, the issue is whether placement with somebody
else is in the child’s best interest.  Here,
Juvenile Court had more than sufficient grounds to find Lyons “unsuitable”
to have custody.  Thus, the lower
court was justified in granting custody to Spiya in the best interest of the
child. _Daniel R Schaffer_
9th Circuit Panel
Rules Federal Child Porn Law Unenforceable Against “Home-Made” Pictures
A woman sentenced to 30 months
in prison and 3 years of supervised release under a federal child pornography
law, for production of an erotic picture of herself with her 10-year-old
daughter, won a ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th
Circuit in _U.S. v. McCoy_, No. 01-50495, that the federal criminal statute
under which she was convicted, 18 U.S.C. sec. 2252(a)(4)(B),
may not be used to prosecute her.
In the March 20 ruling, a majority of a 3-member panel found that
Congress does not have authority to make it a federal crime for a person to make
and possess “home-made” child pornography that was not intended to be placed
into the stream of commerce.
Jonathan McCoy, a Naval Petty
Officer, lived with his wife, Rhonda, and their two children in Naval housing in
San Diego.  Sometime in April 2000,
they were spending an evening at home painting Easter eggs and taking family
photographs.  Rhonda, who had a
problem with alcohol, was also drinking heavily that night.  As described by Circuit Judge Stephen Reinhardt in his
opinion for the court, “At some point during the evening, Rhonda and Kala [the
10-year-old daughter], partially unclothed, posed side by side for the camera
with their genital areas exposed.  This
pose was captured in one photograph.”
Several months later, Rhonda
left five rolls of film at the Navy Fleet Exchange for processing.
An employee of the Exchange informed the U.S. Naval Criminal
Investigation Service that there were photographs “that appeared to present a
child in sexually suggestive poses.”  Agents
from the Investigation Service then conducted a search of the McCoy home,
confiscating cameras, film, a computer, and numerous photographs.
In January 2001, Jonathan and Rhonda were indicted on four counts of
“manufacturing child pornography by a parent using materials transported in
interstate commerce.” The “materials” were presumably the confiscated
camera and film.
The McCoys argued that the
statute was unconstitutional, but the trial judge rejected the argument.
Jonathan decided to stand trial, while Rhonda decided to plead guilty and
hope for the best.  Jonathan turned out to have the better judgment, as he was
acquitted by a federal jury, but Rhonda received a prison sentence and filed
this appeal.
The court’s opinion presents
an interesting case of “what goes around comes around.”
In recent years, as part of the right-wing revolution on the Supreme
Court, the Court has drastically cut down the ability of Congress to enact new
laws by adopting a narrow view of Congress’s power under the Commerce Clause
of the Constitution.  From the time
of the New Deal (1930s) onward, the Court had been very deferential to Congress,
upholding just about anything Congress might want to do under the guise of
regulating interstate commerce. But in recent years, the Court has struck down
several federal statutes as exceeding Congress’s commerce power.
In the first such case, _U.S. v. Lopez_, 514 U.S. 549 (1995), the Court
held that Congress could not make it a federal crime for somebody to possess a
firearm within 100 feet of a school.  Although
Congress sought to ground this in the commerce power based on the movement of
firearms in interstate commerce, the Court found that this law had nothing to do
with commercial regulation.  Subsequently,
the Court held in _U.S. v. Morrison_, 529 U.S. 598 (2000), that Congress did not
have authority to confer upon women who were subjected to violent attacks the
right to sue their attackers in federal court for damages.  Congress had claimed that violence against women had a
cumulative effect on the national economy, but the Court was unwilling to see
this as any kind of commercial regulation, holding that Congress does not have
general criminal law authority to address purely local non-commercial phenomena.
Now, a liberal panel majority
in the 9th Circuit has taken this reasoning the next step.
Relying on these two Supreme Court cases, Judge Reinhardt found that the
federal child pornography law may not reach beyond the regulation of commerce.
In this case, the McCoys took some photographs for their own use.
There was no allegation that they were commercial pornography producers
or distributors, or that they intended to sell the photograph to anybody.
The statute sought to provide a commercial link by requiring that the
photograph have been taken with a camera or film that had moved in commerce, but
the court was unpersuaded by this, pointing out that a similar argument had not
save the law about gun possession near schools.
This ruling does not mean that
states may not pass laws making it a crime for somebody to possess home-made
child pornography, but merely that the federal law may not be used for that
purpose.  The states may exercise
the police power to criminalize any conduct that is not constitutionally
protected (and the Supreme Court has held that manufacture, possession and sale
of child pornography does not enjoy First Amendment protection), whereas the
federal government’s legislative authority is limited to the subject matter
described in Article I of the Constitution.
The federal government has no general power to pass criminal laws
regulating purely local activity that has no direct relationship to national
health, welfare or security.
The 9th Circuit
panel’s majority ruling, which drew a vehement dissent from Judge Trott,
conflicts with rulings under this law from different federal circuit courts, so
it is possible that a government appeal could bring this matter before the U.S.
Supreme Court.  A.S.L.
Mississippi Law Requires State
to Acknowledge Vermont Adoption by Lesbian Couple
A Mississippi trial judge,
Chancellor William Hale Singletary of the Fifth Chancery Court District in
Jackson, Mississippi, has ruled that state officials may not refuse to issue a
new birth certificate for a Mississippi-born boy who was adopted by a lesbian
couple from Vermont.  In _Perdue v.
Mississippi State Board of Health_, No. G2001-1891 S/2 (March 18), Chancellor
Singletary found that both state law and the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the
U.S. Constitution require Mississippi to recognize a Vermont adoption decree,
and that Mississippi law mandates that state officials issue new birth
certificates showing the new surname of adoptees born in that state.
The plaintiff, bearing the
grand name of Taliesin Phillip Charles Goldstein Perdue, was born in Jackson,
Mississippi, in 1997, and was taken into their Vermont home a week later and
subsequently adopted by Martha Holly Perdue and Cheri Lynn Goldstein in April
2000.  Vermont, unlike Mississippi,
specifically authorizes joint adoptions of children by same-sex couples. Shortly
after the adoption was approved, Ms. Perdue and Ms. Goldstein submitted a
request to the Mississippi Bureau of Public Health Statistics for a revised
birth certificate for their son, reflecting his new name and the names of his
adoptive parents.  The Bureau
refused the request, on the ground that Mississippi law would not allow issuance
of such a birth certificate, because same-sex partners may not adopt children
together in Mississippi.  After
repeated requests for reconsideration were denied, the mothers sought an order
from the Chancery Court to compel issuance of the certificate.
Chancellor Singletary pointed
out that the relevant Mississippi statute, Miss. Code Annotated sec. 93-17-21,
mandates that when a Mississippi-born person is adopted, the Bureau issue a
revised birth certificate listing the adopting parents’ names.
The statute specifically states the “the names of the adopting parents
and the new name of the child” shall appear on the revised birth certificate.
Furthermore, the statute provides that the Registrar, who issues birth
certificates, “shall honor orders of courts of other states having appropriate
jurisdiction over Mississippi born persons in matters of adoption.”  As if the statutory authority were not strong enough,
Singletary found that the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the U.S. Constitution
(art. IV, sec. 1), which requires that binding effect of judicial acts of one
state be recognized in other states, applies to this situation.
“Plaintiff was lawfully
adopted in Vermont and that adoption is due the recognition of the courts and
administrative agencies of Mississippi,” wrote Singletary, who ordered that
the Bureau prepare a revised birth certificate and deliver it to the
plaintiffs’ local attorney, J. Cliff Johnson, within ten days after the
court’s order was entered on March 18.  Gregory
R. Nevins, of Lambda Legal Defense Fund’s Atlanta office, represented the
plaintiffs together with Johnson.
In a press release hailing the
ruling, Lambda Legal observed that just a week earlier a New Jersey court had
ordered that state to issue a birth certificate listing both lesbian mothers of
a child they are raising together.  In
that case, N.J. Superior Court Judge James Farber of Newton ruled prior to the
birth of a child conceived through donor insemination that when the child is
born, both lesbian mothers should be listed on the birth certificate.
The case is a bit unusual, however, in that the anonymous donor’s sperm
was used to fertilize an egg donated by one of the women, and the embryo then
was implanted in the other woman for gestation, so both women would be
considered related to the child.  The identity of both mothers was kept confidential by Judge
Farber, who sealed all papers in the case.
_Newark Star-Ledger_, March 13, 2003.
Attorney Nevins commented, “All across the country – from the
Northeast to the Deep South – courts are increasingly recognizing that
children with gay parents are entitled to the same protections as every other
child.” A.S.L.
New York Trial Court Reduces
Damage Award Against Helmsley In Discrimination Case
Imposing a massive reduction in
damages in response to a post-trial defense motion, New York State Supreme Court
Justice Walter Tolub found that the jury in _Bell v. Helmsley_, NYLJ, 3/10/2003,
p. 21 (Supreme Ct., N.Y. County) had rendered an internally inconsistent verdict
on Charles Bell’s claim that he was discriminatorily discharged as manager of
Helmsley’s Park Lane Hotel because he was gay.
The trial of this case received
major local newspaper coverage, mainly because of the notoriety of the
defendant, the so-called “Queen of Mean” Leona Helmsley, and the spectacular
nature of her defense.  Helmsley
claimed that Bell was a user of illegal drugs (on company property) who gave his
friends in the gay leather community the run of the hotel.
Bell claimed that as soon as Helmsley found out he was gay, she found
grounds to fire him.  After a three-
week trial, the jury found that Bell was fired because he was gay and that
Helmsely had created a hostile environment for him, in violation of New York’s
Human Rights Law (which forbids sexual orientation discrimination).
The jury awarded Bell $321,000 for past lost wages, $800,000 in front
pay, $30,000 for past pain and suffering, $24,000 for future pain and suffering,
and $10,000,000 in punitive damages, which are allowed under the local law.  The jury also found that Helmsely had made a bona fide offer
to hire Bell back to manage another one of her hotels, and that had Helmsley
discovered falsifications of his resume and evidence about his drug use before
he was fire, he would have been fired for those infractions.
Justice Tolub ruled that in
light of the jury’s findings, the original damage award could not stand.
Since Bell would have been fired in any event for drug use and resume
falsification, and had turned down equivalent proffered employment, he could not
receive damages for back-pay or front-pay, thus leaving his only compensatory
damages as the pain and suffering occasioned by Helmsley’s unlawful treatment
of him, or $54,000.  In light of this sharp drop in compensatory damages, Tolub
found the punitive damage award of $10,000,000 to be excessive and, noting
recent authority on proportionality of punitive to compensatory damages, cut the
punitive damage award down to $500,000.
While decrying the lack of
specific authority in New York case law for calculating appropriate punitive
damages, Tolub asserted: “At this juncture, it might be appropriate to
consider what punitive damages are not intended to be.
Punitive damages are not a game of Lotto and more particularly to the
matter at hand, Mrs. Helmsley is not a 4 Billion Dollar pinata for every John,
Patrick or Charlie to poke a stick at in the hopes of hitting the jackpot.
Punitice damages are limited by standards of reasonableness and, more
recently, by constitutional considerations.” The reference to Patrick or
Charlie was a not-so-subtle dig at this plaintiff and a predecessor, another gay
management employee who had sued Helmsley over his discharge and won a
considerable money settlement of his claim.
Tolub also expressed the view
that Helmsley’s testimony in her own defense, and especially her combative
nature on the witness stand, may have prejudiced the jury against her, resulting
in a verdict inflated by passion.
Both parties are likely to
appeal.  Helmsley’s lawyer vowed
to the press that Bell would never see a penny of this money.
A.S.L.
School Board Not Liable for
Failing to Stop Malicious Actions of Jealous Lesbian Employee, but May Be Liable
for Acts of Personnel Manager and School Principal
Beth Kavy worked for the New
Britain, Ct., Board of Education. She had recently broken off an “intimate
relationship” with another Board employee, Lynne Kowalcyk, but the two women
remained friends. Ms. Kowalcyk’s new girlfriend, Maria Garcia, was also
employed by the New Britain Board of Education. Ms. Kavy alleged that Ms. Garcia
was jealous of the continued friendship between Ms. Kavy and Ms. Kowalcyk, and
acted against Ms. Kavy motivated by that jealousy. The reported decision is on a
motion to quash 17 of the 28 counts of the complaint in _Kavy
v. New Britain Board of Education_, 2003 WL 721565 (Conn. Super. Ct., New
Britain, Jan 22, 2003).
Specific charges against Ms. Garcia included sending offensive and threatening
material through the interschool mail and computer systems, making false
allegations regarding the care Ms. Kavy gives to her daughter, and other similar
behavior. Several counts of harassing phone calls are
attributed to the Board’s personnel manager, Scott Macdonald. Two counts
alleged that the school principal, JoAnn Beekley, harassed the plaintiff in a
public park, and menaced Ms. Kavy by driving in front of her house and taking
off quickly, tires screeching. All of this conduct was also
attributed to the Board of Education and certain supervisors through the
doctrine of _respondeat superior_. These parties in addition were charged with
knowledge of the harassment and failure to stop or investigate it, amounting to
infliction of emotional distress.
Since this decision is solely on motions to strike counts of the complaint, the
Superior Court Judge Aurigemma merely ruled on the legal sufficiency of the
counts. The court did not attempt to discern the truth or falsity of the
allegations; it only ruled on whether each count alleged a cognizable cause of
action.
This complaint contains
allegations on three levels: (Level 1) Alleging that certain individuals
committed torts; (Level 2) Alleging that the Board (or individual supervisors),
via the doctrine of _respondeat superior_, is responsible for these torts;
(Level 3) Alleging that the Board (or individual supervisors) directly (not via
_respondeat superior_) committed certain torts by failing to investigate or stop
the wrongful conduct.
Respondeat superior: The court stated that _respondeat superior_ is based upon
an agency relationship, and is only applicable when the affairs of the principal
are advanced by the agent.  Unless
the agent is acting at least in part to advance the interests of the principal,
the principal may not be found liable.
Intentional infliction of emotional distress: The court recited that liability
for intentional infliction of emotional distress requires four elements: (1)
intent to inflict distress, or knowledge that one’s actions are likely to
cause such distress; (2) extreme or outrageous conduct; (3) such action was the
cause of distress; (4) the emotional distress was severe.  The court allowed the counts alleging that the principal,
JoAnn Beekley, and the personnel manager, Scott Macdonald, harassed Ms. Kavy,
stating that it is a question of fact whether the conduct, if it took place, was
sufficiently extreme or outrageous.  The
Board denied that threatening phone calls made by the personnel director, Scott
Macdonald, were in furtherance of Board business. The harassment was related to
Ms. Kavy’s threat to bring lawsuits against the Board. Mr. Macdonald allegedly
threatened to “expose” Ms. Kavy and stated “you won’t work anywhere when
we get finished.” The Board could be liable for such threats if proven and if
found to be sufficiently outrageous.  Therefore,
this count was upheld. Likewise, the Board could be held liable for JoAnn
Beekley’s threatening behavior, and this count was upheld. The court rejected
counts of intentional infliction against the Board and the supervisors for
failure to stop Ms. Garcia from acting, or to investigate communications from
Ms. Garcia and the personnel manager, Scott Macdonald. Failure to investigate or
to stop threatening phone calls was not, as a matter of law, an intentional
infliction of emotional distress for which the Board could be held liable.
Therefore, this count was stricken.
Negligent infliction of emotional distress: Negligent infliction of emotional
distress requires that the plaintiff plead and prove that the defendant should
have realized that its conduct involved an unreasonable risk of causing
emotional distress and that this distress might result in illness or bodily
injury. A judicially created rule in Connecticut prohibits an individual
employee from being held liable for the negligent infliction of emotional
distress for conduct that occurred during
employment. The rule exists because of the possibility of a pervasive chilling
effect on the workplace. Since no employee could be held liable, and all such
counts were quashed, the Board and supervisors also could not be vicariously
liable, so several counts based on _respondeat superior_ were quashed as well.
Invasion of privacy: Intrusion upon the plaintiff’s seclusion or private
affairs is an aspect of the tort of invasion of privacy. Harassing phone calls
can be an unwarranted invasion of privacy. Phone calls to Kavy’s home may have
constituted an intrusion upon her seclusion. When a personnel director calls an
employee concerning a pending or threatened lawsuit, the conduct is within the
scope of employment in furtherance of the business of the employer. Therefore,
the Board is responsible via _respondeat superior_ if the phone call is found to
be actionable.
However, a separate count of invasion of privacy against the Board for its own
failure to investigate and stop the harassing phone calls is not in itself an
invasion of privacy, and the count alleging that is quashed.
As for Ms. Garcia’s actions, they had no connection to employment, but
for the fact that the same employer employed all of the women and some of the
incidents occurred during business hours. No business purpose motivated Ms.
Garcia in her actions, and the Board was not responsible via _respondeat
superior_, as she was not acting as the Board’s agent. _Alan J. Jacobs_
Same-Sex Harassment Case
Rejected on Summary Judgment
The U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Missouri ruled on summary judgment that plaintiff Terri
Pedroza’s evidence of harassment by co-worker Pam Straw was insufficient for a
reasonable jury to conclude that the harassment was “because of sex.”
District Judge Dorr also found the harassment not severe enough to meet the 8th
Circuit’s baseline of conduct actionable under Title VII. _Pedroza v. Cintas
Corporation_, 2003 WL 828237 (Jan. 9, 2003)
Judge Dorr believes that
Pedroza found the working environment at Cintas hostile during her two years
employment. According to Pedroza’s uncontested allegations, Straw kissed
Pedroza at least three times, put saliva on her cheek, grabbed her face and
hands, frequently rubbed her buttocks at Pedroza, followed Pedroza into her work
area, blew kisses at her almost daily, and frequently directed sexual comments
and profanity at Pedroza. Straw told Pedroza, “I love ya, honey,” “I want
you,” “you want me to kiss you,” and invited Pedroza to kiss her ass,
stating “you love it.” At one point Pedroza responded, “Go home to your
husband,” to which Straw replied that she didn’t have a husband and wanted
Pedroza. Pedroza told Straw that her behavior amounted to sexual harassment.
“Write me up,” Straw countered.
Two psychologists report that
Pedroza scores at the bottom percentiles of intelligence tests and has
difficulty differentiating between sarcasm and concrete statements. Pedroza saw
Straw’s comments as sexual propositions, and believed that a jury would infer
some attraction on Straw’s part, but Judge Dorr, citing Straw’s five
children and “partner[ship] in a long-term heterosexual relationship,”
concludes that while Straw’s words and actions had sexual content, the
harassment was not “because of sex,” as the Supreme Court’s 1998 holding
in _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Servs., Inc._, requires to find a Title VII
violation. The Judge concludes that Straw’s treatment of Pedroza was
“premised on a pre-existing dislike” and “conflicting personalities,” as
evidenced in the record by friction, bickering, “butting heads,” and raised
voices prior to Straw’s earliest recorded use of sexual content. Noting that,
at a meeting with supervisors, Pedroza referred to Straw’s behavior as
“little nips” and “nanny, nanny” comments, Dorr opines that only
“earnest sexual solicitation” could rise to sex-based harassment in this
case. In cases where the plaintiff and defendant are different genders, such
earnestness is presumed. No evidence comparing Straw’s treatment of male
coworkers was presented. The opinion doesn’t consider whether Pedroza, a
heterosexual, could in some way have failed to conform to gender stereotypes in
Straw’s mind.
Further ensuring that Title VII
doesn’t devolve into a mere code of workplace civility, the 8th
Circuit requires particularly severe and pervasive discrimination to
establish a hostile work environment. Judge Dorr cited cases where various
examples of egregious conduct were held to be insufficiently severe to establish
a hostile environment as a matter of law, again finding no jury question on this
point. _Mark Major_
@H2 =Civil Litigation Notes
_Federal – District of
Columbia_ – U.S. Magistrate Robinson ruled on pending motions in _Black v.
Kendig_, 2003 WL 1477018 (D.D.C., March 18, 2003), a case in which a
transgendered prison inmate is suing prison officials about the failure to
provide medical treatment for her gender dysphoria.
At a previous point in the case, Magistrate Robinson had ruled that the
medical director of the prison enjoyed qualified immunity from claims based on
refusal to provide specific treatment that Black was demanding, but that under
the constitution gender dysphoria is a serious condition for which an inmate is
entitled to some appropriate treatment.  Subsequently
there were settlement negotiations under which the prison undertook to provide
appropriate medical evaluation and treatment if warranted.
Although numerous specialists have examined Black and recommended hormone
treatment, the doctor relied upon by prison officials, Dr. Newton Kendig,
appears to have recommended against any medical treatment, or so Black claims in
having renewed the lawsuit.  Magistrate
Robinson granted the prison’s motion to dismiss a breach of contract claim,
finding that the settlement agreement did not create a contractually binding
obligation to provide any specific treatment, but rejected the rest of the
defendants’ motions, although at the same time refusing to order any specific
treatment by way of a preliminary injunction.
Since Black had not been receiving hormone therapy prior to
incarceration, the magistrate found that irreparable injury would not be caused
by the delays incident to a trial of Black’s claims, so preliminary injunctive
relief was not warranted.  However,
the magistrate found that there are disputed material facts that must be
determined through trial before a ruling on the merits can be made on Black’s
claims of constitutional violations.
_Federal - Nevada_ – After a
faculty member at the University of Nevada sent out an email message stating
that homosexuality is a “mental illness” and that the school-sponsored
National Coming Out Day observance was “trash,” Carol Harter, the university
president, characterized this individual, one William Mason, Jr., as a
“bigot.” Mason sued Harter and the university in federal court, claiming a
violation of his civil rights as well as defamation and intentional infliction
of emotional distress.    U.S.
District Judge Roger L. Hunt granted summary judgment for defendants, and was
upheld in a terse opinion by a 3-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 9th Circuit in _Mason v. Harter_, 2003 WL 1508020 (March 24,
2003) (not officially published).  The
court found that Mason had not preserved his 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983 claim for
appeal, and that Mason had not presented evidence of severe emotional distress
sufficient to sustain that claim.  As
to the defamation count, the court found that Harter’s statement that Mason is
a “bigot” was not made with “actual malice” and thus enjoyed First
Amendment protection.
_Federal - New York_ – A
federal district court jury in Nassau County, N.Y., found on March 13 that the
Hicksville School District violated the constitutional rights of Robert
Visconti, a gay teacher who was discharged after two years of teaching.
The jury awarded $59,527 for emotional distress and $32,462 in back pay
to Visconti, who is now employed as a training coordinator at the Massachusetts
Eye and Ear Infirmary in Boston.  The
school district’s lawyer disputed the verdict as internally inconsistent,
according to the _New York Times_, since the jury failed to hold the individual
defendants liable, just the school district.
The defense was that Mr. Visconti had receive “less than satisfactory
classroom observations over a two-year period,” according to the lawyer, who
told _Newsday_ that he was “not a competent teacher.” _Newsday_, March 15.
The school district will move for judgment notwithstanding the verdict.
_Federal – Ohio_ – A
federal district court jury in Cincinnati found that the city police department
violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Equal Protection Clause of
the 14th Amendment by demoting Phillip Barnes from the sergeant
training program for failing to conform to gender stereotypes.
The jury also found a violation of the state law banning sex
discrimination in the workplace.  Barnes was demoted while undergoing treatment for gender
dysphoria to effect a change of sex.  The
jury awarded compensatory damages of $150,000, front pay of $140,000, and
backpay of $30,511. _Barnes v. Cincinnati_, U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D. Ohio, No.
C-1-00-780, verdict announced Feb. 27.  See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 49, March 13, 2003, p. A3.
_Federal – Pennsylvania_ –
Congressional obsession with stamping out child pornography keeps running up
against the Constitution and getting battered, as happened again on March 6 in
_American Civil Liberties Union v. Ashcroft_, 2003 WL 755083 (U.S.Ct.App., 3rd
Cir.), in which a coalition of plaintiffs, including the gay-oriented Different
Light Bookstores and the gay-themed Planetout Corporation, won a ruling that
Congress had screwed things up again in the Child Online Protection Act, 42
U.S.C. sec. 231, a measure that essentially requires that any online material of
a sexual nature that might be deemed “harmful to children” has to be
shielded behind adult verification software.
The court found the measure full of latent ambiguity calculated to chill
access by adults to constitutionally protected material.
This measure was already before the U.S. Supreme Court once, when the
Court rejected the 3rd Circuit’s finding that Congress’s use of a
national standard for determining whether material is harmful to minors was
inappropriate.  On remand, the 3rd Circuit found that just about
every _other_ constitutional objection that might be made to the measure was
valid. An appeal seems likely.
_Federal – Tennessee_ –
Judge Donald of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee,
ruling on defendant’s motion for summary judgment in a Title VII and state law
race discrimination case brought by a gay African-American male, ruled that
incidents pertaining to the plaintiff’s sexual orientation were not probative
with respect to his claim of race discrimination, and thus could not be taken
into account in determining whether he was subjected to a hostile environment in
violation of federal and state law. _Brack v. Shoney’s Inc._, 2003 WL 1192043
(March 12, 2003).
_Federal – Wisconsin_ – A
unanimous 7th Circuit panel has found that a lesbian with multiple
sclerosis was not entitled to a “reasonable accommodation” consisting of
efforts by the employer to end an anti-gay atmosphere in the workplace that she
blamed for a flare-up of her illness, rendering her disabled. _Vandeveer v. Fort
James Corp._, 2003 WL 1466407 (March 11, 2003) (unpublished opinion).
Tracey Rae Vandeveer’s MS was under control when she started working at
Fort James, but she quickly perceived an atmosphere of disapproval by co-workers
that was quite stressful for her.  Fearing
that the stress would cause her MS to flare up, she discussed the matter with
the Human Resources department, but the employer took no steps to alleviate the
situations, her MS did flare up, and she became unable to work.
U.S. District Judge J. Pl. Stadtmueller rejected her Americans With
Disabilities Act claim, finding that while her MS was under control she did not
qualify as a person with a disability, which she would have to do to be entitled
to an accommodation.  More
significantly, the 7th Circuit panel found, the ADA can’t be used
as a “back door” to impose an obligation on an employer to end anti-gay
discrimination in its workplace, under the guise of being an
“accommodation.” Wrote the per curiam court, “To accept Vandeveer’s
reasoning would be to treat the ADA as a “back door” through which the
disabled (and no one else) would be able to challenge any form of discrimination
– or any kind of unpleasant circumstances – whatsoever.
We decline to do so.”
_California_ – Here’s an
interesting development in sex discrimination law.  In _Yanowitz v. L’Oreal U.S.A., Inc._, 2003 WL 840970 (Cal.
Ct. App., 1st Dist., March 7, 2003), the plaintiff, a female regional
sales manager, lost her job after she stood up to a male executive who told her
to replace a female subordinate who was insufficiently attractive.
The executive asked Yanowitz to get him someone who was “hot”
instead.  After she questioned the
action, she was subjected to heightened scrutiny and hostile evaluations, which
drove her out on stress leave after four months, after which she was replace.
She sued under the Fair Employment and Housing Act for unlawful
retaliation.  The trial judge
granted summary judgment for the employer, holding that she did not suffer
retaliation for engaging in protected activity.
The court of appeal reversed, stating, “A male executive’s order to
fire a female employee because she fails to meet the executive’s standards for
sexual attractiveness is an act of sex discrimination when no similar standards
are applied to men.  A lower-level
manager’s refusal to carry out that order is protected activity.”
_California_ – Responding to
the first discrimination complaint it has ever received, the California
Department of Social Services’ Community Care Licensing Division issued a
ruling giving a private, non-profit adoption agency, Olive Crest Foster Family
and Adoption Agency, a March 31 deadline to adopt a new recruitment policy that
eliminates the agency’s discrimination against gay families.  According to a March 4 report in the _Orange County
Register_, the adoption agency was taking the position that only a traditional
nuclear family with an opposite-sex couple at its head was a suitable
environment to place a foster or adoptive child.
State officials had substantiated the complaint that Olive Crest pushed
its staff members to refer to other agencies or require more evaluation of
applicants who didn’t fit the definition of a “nuclear” family based on
their sexual orientation.
_California_ – The California
Supreme Court has agreed to review the decision of the state’s first district
court of appeal in _Evans  v. City
of Berkeley_, 2002 WL 31648768 (Nov.  25,
2002) (unpublished opinion), which upheld a city policy denying free
berthing at the city marina to the Sea Scouts, a unit of the Boy Scouts of
America, because of the Scouts’ anti-gay membership and employment policies.
The city generally provides free berthing to non-profit groups with
boating activities.  The Scouts
claimed that the denial violated their constitutional and contractual rights.
A grant of review automatically vacates the court of appeal decision.
_Los Angeles Times_, March 27, 2003.
_Maine_ – Catholic Charities
of Maine has filed a lawsuit against the city of Portland in U.S. District Court
alleging that its constitutional rights are violated by the city’s refusal to
renew public funding for some CCM programs on the ground that CCM does not
provide domestic partner benefits.  Portland
is one of a handful of cities nationwide that has enacted an equal benefits law
requiring that organizations that receive city funding for their programs
provide equality of benefits regardless of the marital status of their
employees.  CCM claims it should be
exempt from the requirement as a matter of free exercise of religion and equal
protection of the laws, pointing out that the city has not extended this
requirement to vendors of goods. _Portland Press Herald_, March 1.
_Texas_ – A Gay Divorce?
Russell Smith and John Anthony had a civil union ceremony in Vermont in
February 2002 and then moved back to Texas.
Subsequently, Smith decided that he needed a legal divorce for financial
reasons, and Anthony agreed not to contest it.
Smith filed an action in the Texas Circuit Court in Beaumont, seeking a
divorce decree.  On Monday, March 3,
Judge Tom Mulvaney signed the decree in _Smith v. Anthony_, although nobody is
quite sure what it means.  Since the
men were never legally married in Texas (where, in common with all other U.S.
states at present, same-sex partners may not contract legal marriages), it is
uncertain what the decree accomplishes.  In
order to obtain legal dissolution of the civil union under Vermont law, one of
the men would have to move to Vermont and establish residence for a year, which
neither was interested in doing.  Does
this Texas decree have any legal effect on the Vermont civil union, outside of
Texas?  And did the Vermont civil
union have any legal effect, inside of Texas?
We’re basing this account on a brief report by the Association Press
distributed on March 7, which is rather short on details, such as why Smith
thought he needed the divorce for financial reasons.
But the media attention the case attracted prompted Texas Attorney
General Greg Abbott to get into the act.  The
_Beaumont Enterprise_ reported on March 27 that the Attorney General filed a
petition with the court on March 26, arguing that the divorce decree should be
rescinded. “As a matter of law, a court cannot grant a divorce where no
marriage existed,” argued Abbott.  According
to state law, Judge Mulvaney had until April 3 to reverse his decree.
Abbott’s office announced that if the decree is not reversed, an appeal
will be considered.
_Texas_ – Reacting quickly to
legal advice that they were in an indefensible position due to the federal Equal
Access Act, Klein Independent School District officials quickly settled a
lawsuit brought by the ACLU on behalf of some students who wanted to form a
gay-straight alliance at their local high school but encountered stalling
tactics from administrators.  The
settlement, announced on March 5, allows the school to continue enforcing its
policy that all students who wish to participate in extra-curricular clubs must
have a signed permission slip from a parent.
The policy also prohibits any club that “promotes, encourages, or
condones, directly or indirectly, participation in any conduct by students that
is classified as a criminal offense under Texas law, or that poses a risk to
their health, safety, or welfare (including, but not limited to, sexual activity
by minors).” Displaying the usual hick sensitivity of small town school
administrators, Superintendent Jim Surratt, commenting on the Equal Access Act
in an interview with the _Houston Chronicle_ (March 6), stated: “Until that
law is changed, there will be groups entering campuses that people locally do
not favor.  Our business is
academics. . . Putting on carnivals related to sexual preference is not what the
purpose of the school system is.” School administrators also belittled
statements by gay students that they had been the subject of intimidation and
assaults at school, calling them “unfounded” and “fantasy.” (In other
circumstances, of course, administrators engaging in such wilful ignorance have
found themselves on the losing end of million-dollar verdicts in favor of
physically assaulted students.)  A
group of conservative parents who opposed allowing the formation of the student
group announced that they would ask the school district to install separate
bathrooms and locker rooms for gay students. “I don’t want my son hopping in
the shower with [a gay] person,” said one parent. “We wouldn’t allow a
heterosexual boy and a heterosexual girl to shower together.” Anyone care to
speculate about whether the gay students would object to having their own shower
rooms.....?  Next thing you know,
the school would be seeking out gay gym coaches to teach separate classes!!
Where would this all lead to? A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_California_ – A cautionary
note about bringing guys home. . .  In
_People v. Lydon_, 2003 WL 550318 (Cal. App., 2nd Dist., Feb. 27,
2003) (not officially published), John Joseph Lydon was appealing his conviction
of attempted murder, residential robbery, criminal threats, and unlawfully
taking or driving a vehicle.  Lydon
and a companion, Paul F. Devlin, were hitch-hiking in Hollywood on Aug. 7, 2000,
when they struck up a conversation with Jeffrey Harstedt, described as an
entertainment industry account executive, who offered them a ride.
They ended up back at Harstedt’s house, after he told them he was
bisexual and Devlin had responded in kind.
A social time turned into a criminal act when the two hitch-hikers
hog-tied Harstedt on his bed, stole his ATM card, stabbed him numerous times,
and stole his car.  Unlike all too
many of these cases, in this case Harstedt survived the incident and lived to
testify against the two men, who were convicted on numerous counts.
The court upheld the convictions, but finding at least one procedural
error, modified their sentences downward.  As
a result, Lydon is sentenced to 54 years to life, and Devlin to 50 years to
life.
_California_ – In _People v.
Rios & Reyes_, 2003 WL 1558197 (Cal. Ct. App., 4th Dist. March
26, 2003) (unpublished opinion), the court upheld criminal assault convictions
and sentences for two young men who brutally beat some gay men in a diner as a
verbal altercation escalated.  According
to the opinion by Presiding Justice Ramirez, defendants Rios and Reyes were
sitting in an adjoining booth to a party of two gay men and three lesbians; when
Rios and Reyes expressed antagonism when the women did not respond affirmatively
to their “come-ons,” the two men sprang to the verbal defense of the women,
provoking homophobic remarks and things escalated from there.
As the court said, “food, dishes and fists began flying.
The aggravated assault victim eventually managed to get away from the
ruckus and was standing by himself when Reyes sneaked up behind him and hit him
on the back of his head with some object, knocking him out.
As the aggravated assault victim lay on the floor, Rios raised a char
over his head and was about to bring it down on the former when an object thrown
by one of the females who accompanied the victims hit Rios, preventing him from
landing his blow.  The aggravated
assault victim suffered a skull fracture.” On appeal, the defendants
challenged the disqualification of a Hispanic juror and questioned evidentiary
rulings by the trial court concerning a waitress’s testimony about the sexual
orientation of the victims and evidence concerning a past gay-bashing suffered
by one of the victims.
_California_ – After a
preliminary hearing, Alameda County Judge Kenneth Mark Burr has order that Jason
Michael Cazares, Jose Antonio Merel and Michael William Magidson beheld for
trial in the slaying of Eddie “Gwen” Araujo, a 17-year-old transgendered
person.  Based on preliminary
hearing testimony, Burr found that the defendants should stand trial for a hate
crime because the motivation of the defendants was “inextricably caught up
with the gender of the victim.”  Jaron
Chase Nabors pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and turned
state’s evidence against the other defendants.
The murder took place on October 4, when the four men, who encountered
Araujo (who was living as a girl) at a party, discovered that she was
biologically male and brutally beat and killed her, even as she begged for her
life.  Judge Burr rejected defense
arguments that this was a crime of passion for which lesser charges should be
made. _Los Angeles Times_, _Contra Costa Times_, March 19.
_California_ – A Ventura
County Superior Court jury found Jamie Cid, characterized in news reports as a
“transgender prostitute,” guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of
Jack Jamar.  According to trial
testimony, Jamar, age 78, had “picked up” Cid and brought her to his home to
have sex.  Cid badly beat up Jamar,
leading to his death.  Cid claimed
to have acted in self-defense after Jamar tried to rape her.
The jury did not believe the self-defense claim to the extent of
acquittal, but evidently did believe that the crime was not premeditated.
Three jurors told reporters that the prosecution failed to prove either
premeditation or malice beyond a reasonable doubt, and that the evidence that
this was a robbery-connected murder was also not convincing.
Cid will be sentenced on April 24, and faces a potential sentence of
between 4 and 12 years.  Cid has
already served almost 4 years in jail awaiting trial.
_Los Angeles Times_, March 28.
_Colorado_ – When local law
enforcement authorities refuse to take action after a gay-bashing incident, the
victim sometimes just has to take matters into his own hands – legally
speaking.  That is what Kyle Skyock,
who was 16 years old at the time, did.  The
Garfield County District Attorney’s Office refused to prosecute his
assailants, Brian and Bill June, also teenagers, claiming a lack of evidence.
But Skyock filed suit in federal court, claiming a violation of his civil
rights, and won an award of $1.2 million in damages on March 13 in a ruling by
Judge John Kane, which runs against the boys and their mother, Jane Jennings.
Judge Kane stated, in announcing the ruling, “There’s no doubt that
this is a hate crime.  There was no
doubt that it was vicious.” Some other co-defendants settled out of court.
_Denver Post_, March 14.
_Texas_ – A thought
experiment. . .  Imagine a man is on
trial for having oral sex with a sixteen year old boy in Texas.  During voir dire, a potential juror raises his hand in
response to the following question: “Is there anybody here [for whom the
allegation of homosexual conduct] is gonna [sic] make it difficult for you to
sit impartially, favorably, unfavorably, for either side, it doesn’t
matter?” The potential juror again raises his hand when the court asks the
jury panel if those who had raised their hand to the previous question felt that
they could be fair and impartial under these circumstances.  Upon individual questioning, he stated: “Well, I can be
fair to both sides.  I could be an
enemy to both sides, too.  I’ll
state point blankly that I am quite homophobic, so I’m not a nice kind of guy,
so – so I can be your worst enemy or your worst friend, but I can be fair.”
The defendant’s trial counsel did not object to this person being seated as a
juror, and he was selected as foreman of the jury.
The defendant was convicted.  Was
defendant deprived of effective assistance of counsel?
This being Texas, the courts said no. _Almendarez v. State of Texas_,
2003 WL 1387208 (Tex. Ct. App., Corpus Christi-Edenburg, March 20, 2003) (of
course, not official published).  After
all, defense lawyers for gay defendants are allowed to sleep during the trial in
Texas, in order to rest up for more important tasks.
The court of appeals, in an opinion by Justice Hinojosa, asserted that
because the juror had repeatedly stated he could be fair, he was not
challengeable for cause, and since there was nothing in the record about the
trial lawyer’s reason for not using one of his strikes to remove this juror,
the appellant had “failed to meet his burden of rebutting the presumption that
trial counsel’s decision was reasonable.” Well, that’s just the nature of
criminal justice in Texas, we suppose. . .
_Virginia_ – The Virginia
Court of Appeals in Richmond upheld the second degree murder conviction of
Timothy James Tratzinski, an HIV+ gay man, in the death of Jermaray Johnson.
_Tratzinski v. Commonwealth of Virginia_, 2003 WL 1477660 (March 25, 2003).
Police found Johnson’s naked body in a trash can behind an automobile
repair shop that was on the other side of a wooded area from a house in which
Tratzinski rented an apartment.  The
police were alerted by a neighbor who had heard suspicious late-night noises and
then reported blood stains on the property.
Search dogs followed the trail of the blood, and later that day a police
officer saw Tratzinski at a nearby convenience store with blood on his clothing
and hands and made the connection.  Tratzinski
did not deny killing Johnson.  He
testified that Johnson had come home with him to have sex.
Johnson undressed in Tratzinski’s bedroom. “Tratzinski fondled
Johnson, kissed his body, and then informed Johnson he needed a condom because
he was HIV positive.  Tratzinski
testified that Johnson became upset and loudly accused Tratzinski of wanting to
infect him.  He testified Johnson
obtained a hammer that was among other tools in basement, swung at him, and
threatened to kill him.” Tratzinski testified that he tried to escape from
Johnson, ended up “tussling” with him, won possession of the hammer, and
beat Johnson to death with it.  Tratzinski
testified that he could not remember what happened after the struggle, but awoke
the next morning in the woods not knowing why he was there, or why he was
bruised and covered in blood.  This
was a bench trial.  Richmond Circuit
Judge Learned D. Barry did not believe key elements of Tratzinski’s testimony
and convicted him of second-degree murder.
The court of appeals found no grounds to reject this conviction.  The court of appeals opinion does not state what sentence was
imposed. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_Federal_ – U.S.
Representative Jim McDermott (D.-WA) has introduced H.R. 935, a bill intended to
extend tax benefits on health insurance for domestic partners.  Called the Tax Equity for Health Plan Beneficiaries Act, the
measure would end federal tax code discrimination against employees who use
employer-provided health insurance benefits to cover persons other than legal
spouses.  McDermott characterized
his proposal as an “equal pay for equal work” measure.  According to a press release from McDermott’s office,
almost 6,000 public and private employers now offer domestic-partner benefits.
_Federal_ – U.S. Senator
Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) has introduced a resolution to amend Rule XLII of
the Senate’s standing rules to add “sexual orientation” to the list of
forbidden grounds for discrimination during the hiring process for Senate
staffers.  A similar measure was
introduced in the prior Senate and picked up 43 co-sponsors, but never emerged
from the Rules and Administration Committee for a vote.
The chair of the Rules Committee is Sen. Trent Lott, no friend of gay
rights, so it seems unlikely the measure will go anywhere.
As of March 10, it had picked up 31 co-sponsors. _Roll Call_, March 10.
_Arkansas_ – The state Senate
has approved and sent to the House a proposed hate crimes bill that takes a
different approach from the bills enacted in many other states.
The measure, which includes “sexual orientation” in its enumeration
of the types of bias to be reached by the law, eschews penalty enhancement in
favor of what its proponents call “restorative measures.” That is, instead
of requiring that persons convicted of bias violence receive longer prison
sentences or other greater penalties than they otherwise would have received for
the same crimes that were not bias-motivated, the bill would authorize
prosecutors to request as part of sentencing the imposition of the restorative
measures, specified as community service, counseling, educational classes,
restitution to victims, and placement on a state Registry of Violent Hate Crime
Offenders.  The bill’s sponsor,
Sen. Tracy Steele, a North Little Rock Democrat, pointed out that Arkansas was
one of only five states that lack hate crimes laws.
He told the Senate, which approved the measure on a 24-5 vote, “We need
to send a message that does not mean there is an opportunity to hate.”
_Colorado_ – Why do we feel
so warm and fuzzy about politicians?  The
recent activity of Colorado State Representative Don Lee, a Republican from
Jefferson County, provides an example of the sort of concern for humanity that
inspires such feelings.  While the
House was considering what a local newspaper described as a “run-of-the-mill
measure dealing with agency regulations,” Lee proposed an amendment that would
repeal a regulation that had been adopted by the Medical Services Board
requiring that health care providers not discriminate in providing services on
the basis of a patient’s sexual orientation.
Lee’s rationale?  There is
no state law forbidding anti-gay discrimination, so it is inappropriate for the
Board to have adopted such a ban administratively. (And, of course, we must keep
the world safe for emergency medical staff who may want to refrain from
rendering assistance to a gay-bashing victim when they respond to a 911 call,
mustn’t we?  Does anybody remember
when this hypothetical was posed before the U.S. Supreme Court during the oral
argument about Colorado Amendment 2?)  The
bill, as amended, then passed on a virtual party-line vote, with only one
Republican siding with the Democratic minority in opposition.  The measure still has to be considered by the state Senate.
_Rocky Mountain News_, March 28.
_Connecticut_ – A committee
of city aldermen in New Haven, Ct., bowed to the protests of religious
spokespersons and voted 10-6 to reject a proposed ordinance that would have
extended recognition to the “relationship status” of domestic partnerships.
Although the city already provides some partner benefits to its
employees, the proposed measure would have extended to the population at large
to obtain municipal recognition for their relationships.
The alderman endured four hours of religious diatribe at a public hearing
before voting.  The measure had been
expected to pass the committee, but several supporters, cowed by the vehement
opposition, changed their votes at the March 24 meeting. _Yale Daily News_,
March 25.  Evidently, the separation
of church and state doesn’t apply in New Haven.
However, it was reported that an attempt will be made to pass the measure
in the full council, despite the committee defeat. _Yale Daily News_, March 27.
_Florida - Broward County_ –
Transgender activists have asked the county commission to consider extending its
recently adopted gay rights law to include protection for transgendered
individuals.    The
commission’s human rights advisory board is drafting a proposal, and based on
comments to the press, it appears that the county commission will be receptive,
having been advised by the county attorney that the existing civil rights law
does not provide such protection.  _South
Florida Sun-Sentinel_, March 25.
_Florida - Palm Beach County_
– The Palm Beach County School Board voted 5-2 on March 24 to ban
discrimination and harassment in the county’s schools based on sexual
orientation.  This was the third
time the proposal had come before the board since 1991. _Orlando Sentinel_,
March 25.
_Maryland_ – The House of
Delegates voted 90-44 on March 19 to approve a proposal to add “sexual
orientation” to the state’s hate crimes law.
At present, the law only authorizes penalties for crimes motivated by the
victim’s race, color, religious beliefs or national origin.
The measure would need to be passed by the Senate and approved by the
governor to be enacted into law. _Baltimore Sun_, March 20.
_Minnesota_ – Claiming that
the state’s law banning sexual orientation discrimination has made it possible
for schools to promote homosexuality in their sex education classes, Republican
Representative Arlon Lindner has introduced a bill to repeal the measure, which
received a hearing on March 20.  The
bill also received a hearing in the state Senate, where its sponsor is
Republican Senator Michael Jungbauer, on March 21, but Jungbauer subsequently
withdrew the measure from consideration.  According
to Linda Marquardt, a grandmother from Maple Grove who testified for the bill,
“Johnny is no longer thinking about the short ‘a’ and long ‘e’.
His mind has gone to butts.” Marquardt and another witness insisted
that an epidemic of sexually transmitted disease among young teenagers can be
attributed to the description of homosexual sex in public school health classes,
which the students then perform during slumber parties.
The bill is not expected to be enacted, or even receive committee
approval, but has stirred up enormous political controversy.
When Lindner, in discussing the bill, questioned whether the Nazis
persecuted gays along with Jews during the Holocaust, some other members of the
House filed ethics charges against him. A hearing on the ethics charges is
scheduled for April 7. _Duluth News-Tribune_, March 21 & 25.
_New Jersey_ – Governor
McGreevey has signed into law a bill inspired by the controversy over racial
profiling by the state police.  The
bill, which passed both houses of the legislature with overwhelming majorities,
applies to all public servants, stating that officials who are acting in their
official capacities are guilty of a crime if, knowing their actions are
unlawful, they set out to intimidate or discriminate against an individual or
group on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, handicap, sexual
orientation or ethnicity. _Bergen Record_, March 14.  Although anti-gay police bias did not inspire the enactment
of this bill, it may prove useful in attacking recurrent police practices on
highway rest stops in New Jersey to entrap gay men.
_New Mexico_ – The New Mexico
“gay rights” bill continues to wend its way back and forth between the
legislative chambers.  A version
passed by the state Senate, SB 28, was approved on March 21 by the state’s
House of Representatives, but only after being amended on the floor to exempt
businesses with fewer than 14 employees from the employment non-discrimination
requirement.  So the bill must go
back to the Senate again for further consideration.
Gov. Bill Richardson has pledged to sign the measure if it is finally
passed in the same form by both houses.  The
vote in the House of Representatives was 32-26.
A similar measure, HB 314, already approved by the House, is pending in
the Senate.  On March 20, the House approved a pending hate crimes bill
that had previously been approved by the Senate, and Gov. Richardson had pledged
to sign this measure as well.  When
it takes effect, New Mexico will be the 46th state to have adopted a
law providing penalty enhancement for bias-related crimes. The measure includes
“sexual orientation or gender identity” in the category of hate crimes
covered.  _Albuquerque Journal_,
March 21 & 22.  The _Albuquerque
Tribune_ reported on March 14 that a measure to that would have required
insurance companies doing business in the state to offer same-sex domestic
partnership coverage in certain circumstances was defeated in a tie vote in the
state House.
_New York_ – State
Assemblyman Richard Gottfried (D - Manhattan) has introduced a bill, A. 7392, to
open up marriage in New York to same-sex partners.
Eleven other members were listed as co-sponsors, all representing
districts in the New York City metropolitan area and all Democrats.
Co-sponsors include the Assembly’s only openly lesbian or gay members,
Deborah Glick and Daniel O’Donnell, both of whom represent Manhattan
districts.
_North Carolina_ – Countering
the argument by county officials that Durham County should not offer employee
benefits covering domestic partners of county employees because of a state law
dating back to 1805 making unmarried “cohabitation” a crime, State
Representative Paul Luebke introduced a bill that, if enacted, would put the
General Assembly on record as declaring that neither the ancient cohabitation
law nor the state’s “crimes against nature” sodomy law makes it a crime
“to live with another adult of the same or opposite sex.” The measure was
introduced with co-sponsorship of Rep. Mickey Michaux and Rep. Paul Miller.
_Durham Herald Sun_, March 26.
_Washington State_ – The
State House of Representatives voted 59-39 in favor of House Bill 1809, which
would add “sexual orientation” to the forbidden grounds of discrimination in
the state’s civil rights law, on March 17.
The measure has been pending in the legislature off and on since 1976,
and was actually passed by the House in 1994, but defeated in the Senate by one
vote.  Although the Senate presently
is divided 25-24 in favor of the Republicans, there is hope that some
Republicans will vote yes and help pass the bill in the Senate.  In the House, seven Republicans voted for the bill.
_Columbian_, March 18. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
_National_ – As further
analysis of 2000 Census information is published, more interesting data about
same-sex families comes to light.  According
to a study released in mid-March, San Francisco has the highest percentage of
same-sex households in which census respondents indicated that they were more
than just roommates, 2.7% of all households.
Next highest was Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, at 2.1%, followed by Seattle,
1.9%, Oakland, 1.8%, Berkeley, 1.8%, and Atlanta, 1.7%.
Ft. Lauderdale’s Mayor, Jim Naugle, told the _South Florida
Sun-Sentinel_ (March 13) that he thought it “amazing we’re ranked that
high,” but then said he thought the count of same-sex households reported by
the Census Bureau was low. “Only 1,400?  I would have thought we had that many in one neighborhood
alone.” * * * The validity of the Census numbers is open to challenge, of
course, and such a challenge has emerged from the Institute for Gay &
Lesbian Strategic Studies.  Based on
two surveys of large groups of gay people, the Institute concludes that a
substantial number of same-sex partners checked the “housemate/roommate”
category rather than the “unmarried partner” category, leading to a
significant undercount of same-sex partner households.
Furthermore, the surveys found that the couples who checked the unmarried
partner option on the form tended to be higher income and have higher
educational levels, so resulting data about the educational and income
attainments of same-sex partner households will also be distorted upwards in the
official Census figures. (The Census counted 594,691 unmarried same-sex partner
households in the U.S. as of May 1, 2000.) _Washington Blade_, March 14. * * *
Perhaps reflecting the “density” of gay population in Ft. Lauderdale,
elections on March 11 resulted in the election of the first openly gay city
commissioner, lawyer Dean Trantalis. _Miami Herald_, March 12.
_National_ – The old “stop
loss” policy followed by the military in times of war seems to have been
silently activated again, despite any denials by the Defense Department.
According to a report issued by the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network,
once the military started mobilizing last year in anticipation of action in
Iraq, the discharges of lesbian and gay service members dropped dramatically.
The March 25 report found that there were 906 discharges on grounds of
“homosexuality” in 2002, down from 1,273 in 2001.  Indeed, the number of such discharges in 2002 was the lowest
since 1996.
_National_ – The Presbyterian
Church (USA) continues sharply divided over the issue of gay clergy.
In mid-March, the denomination’s Permanent Judicial Commission
overruled protests against the ordination of Rev. Kathleen Morrison, an open
lesbian, but in a second case ordered a trial on whether the denomination’s
top officials had acted improperly by refusing to hold a national assembly that
was demanded by church conservatives to discipline those who are defying the
church’s official ban on ordination of openly gay clergy. _Chicago Tribune_,
March 14.  Although the commission
trying the case subsequently concluded that the official who had moved to block
the assembly consideration of the issue had acted “improperly,” it upheld
his decision not to call the meeting. _Atlanta Journal Constitution_, March 22.
* * * A report issued by a policy committee of the Episcopal Church urged
that the denomination not take on the issue of commitment ceremonies for
same-sex couples at its national convention this summer, on the ground that
“we are nowhere near consensus.” _Chicago Tribune_, March 28.
_Florida_ – As media
attention was aroused by the oral argument before the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 11th Circuit in the pending ACLU challenge to Florida’s
statutory ban on adoptions of children by “homosexuals” (the only such
explicit statutory ban in the nation), the Unity Coalition of Miami-Dade County
has organized a petition drive intended to spur the legislature into making the
lawsuit superfluous by repealing the ban.  Among
the organizers of the petition drive is Luis Penelas, an AIDS activist and Unity
Coalition board member who is the brother of Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex
Penelas, who is reportedly planning to run for the U.S. Senate.  No word yet on Mayor Penelas’s position on the issue.
_South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, March 6, 2003.
_Florida_ – The _Dayton New
Journal_ (March 6) reported that two Florida institutions of higher education,
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and Stetson University, are now offering
health insurance to domestic partners of their gay employees.
_Georgia_ – As the state
government debates a proposal by Gov. Sonny Perdue to hold a referendum on
reviving the old Confederate battle flag or another segregation-era state flag
to fly over the state capitol, the Association of American Law Schools is
rethinking its commitment to hold its January 2004 annual convention in Atlanta.
The meeting was last held in Atlanta in 1977, but subsequently the
Association decided to join in a boycott of Georgia after the Supreme Court
upheld the state’s felony sodomy law in 1986 and the Association added a
sexual orientation non-discrimination provision to its by-laws in 1990.
After the Georgia Supreme Court struck down the sodomy law several years
ago, Atlanta went back on the annual meeting list.
But in a letter to Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin, AALS Executive
Director Carl Monk warned that the Association was rethinking in light of the
possibility of a divisive, racially charged referendum campaign going on during
the time of the meeting. _Atlanta Journal-Constitution_, March 22.
_Louisiana_ – The Louisiana
sodomy law, the subject of numerous court battles over the past two decades,
should be repealed, according to Eddie Jordan, the new district attorney of New
Orleans.  His predecessor, Harry
Connick, Sr., was a staunch defender of the law.  In a Feb. 26 press release, he stated: “If the legislature
is willing to reconsider, I will testify that private, non-commercial acts of
sodomy between consenting adults are not a public matter and therefore should
not be a violation of the law.”
_Maryland_ – The faculty
senate at the University of Maryland has voted to amend the school’s
non-discrimination policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender
identity or gender expression.  The
policy needs to be considered by the school’s legal counsel, Board of Regents,
and chancellor, before it can go to the president for approval. _Washington
Blade_, March 14.
_New York_ – It was reported
on March 14 that the Law Committee of the Rabbinical Assembly, the lawmaking
body for the Jewish Conservative Movement in the U.S., has agreed to reopen
discussion of the issue of same-sex unions and ordination of openly gay rabbis.
_Chicago Tribune_, March 14.  When
these issues were last considered during the early 1990's, the Committee voted
against letting rabbis undertake such ceremonies and against ordaining openly
gay rabbis.  Since then, several
Conservative rabbis have “come out,” and a non-gay woman rabbi caused
significant consternation by accepting the position of assistant rabbi at
Congregation Beth Simchat Torah in New York.
(CBST is the world’s largest synagogue composed primarily of lesbian,
gay and transgendered members, and is not formally affiliated with any of the
organized movements of mainstream American Judaism.   The Rabbinical Assembly could be as concerned with one
of its new graduates going to an unaffiliated congregation as with the fact that
the congregation is “gay,” given a shortage of pulpit rabbis at present.)
_Ohio_ – The Hebrew Union
College-Jewish Institute of Religion in Cincinnati appears to have made history
by accepting a transgendered person into its rabbinical training program.
The College is affiliated with the Reform movement of American Judaism,
which is the largest of the four major “movements” of American Judaism.
Reuben Zellman, who labels himself “transgender and queer,” may
become the first openly transgendered rabbi.
The school’s national Director of Admissions, Rabbi Roxanne Schneider
Shapiro, told the Jewish Telegraphic Agency that “Reuben was an outstanding
candidate” and that his transgender status was not a factor in the admissions
decision.
_Texas_ – A library committee
in Montgomery County, Texas, rejected an attempt by a conservative citizens
group to have two books dealing with gay issues removed from the public library
shelves in the county.  The books
are _Weetzie Bat_ by F. L. Block, and _Desire Lines_ by J. Gantos.
The library director accepted the library committee’s recommendation,
which, she stated, was “based on the entirety of the work, not sections of
it.” _Houston Chronicle_, March 13.
_Virginia_ – On March 10,
Virginia Technical University’s governing board approved a resolution banning
affirmative action in admissions based on race, gender, disability or other
personal factors, although the policy still allows Tech to consider athletic
ability and family history with the university.  At the same time, the resolution deleted “sexual
orientation” from the University’s non-discrimination policy.  Student leaders called upon the governing board to reconsider
these actions, especially protesting that the actions were taken in a closed
session without any prior notice. _Roanoke Times & World News_, March 18.
However, and perhaps inconsistent with these actions, the University
moved to defuse a continuing controversy by offering a position with the
university’s Faculty Development Institute to Shelli Fowler, the lesbian
partner of Virginia Tech Graduate Dean Karen DePauw.
When DePauw was hired to come to Tech as dean, her partner was offered a
tenure-track position in the University’s English department, but the offer
was withdrawn at the behest of University administrators, who stated opposition
to treating Fowler the way they would treat a faculty spouse. _Roanoke Times
& World News_, March 11. A.S.L.
International Notes
_Argentina_ – Same-sex
partners in the Buenos Aires metropolitan area and in Rio Negro will make
history in April when civil unions will begin to be legally recognized in both
regions as a result of recent legislation, according to a March 18 report
on-line by latinamericanpress.org.  The
laws were approved in December at the local level.
They do not authorize same-sex marriages, joint adoptions, or inheritance
rights, since those are aspects of national law.
However, the couples will be able to share social security services,
claim leave when a partner is sick, and enter into various kinds of agreements
that are at present only legally enforceable between marital partners, such as
agreements for acquisition of real property.
_Canada_ – The _National
Post_ reported on March 14 that some Canadian military chaplains are considering
performing commitment ceremonies for same-sex couples among military personnel.
Now that Canadian federal law has provided for significant legal
recognition for same-sex couples, the only potential barrier would be the tenets
of the churches by which the chaplains are ordained as ministers.
A Defense Department official said there was nothing in military policy
to stop a chaplain from performing such a ceremony.
(How different things look south of the border.
Under U.S. military regulations, attempting to engage in a same-sex
marriage is grounds for discharge under the “don’t ask, don’t tell”
policy.)
_Canada_ – The Canadian
Broadcasting Corporation reported on March 25 that thirteen same-sex couples had
reached a settlement with the province of Alberta on their claims that they had
suffered wrongful denial of compensation for health care costs under
circumstances where unmarried opposite-sex couples would have received such
compensation.  Although the
province’s human rights commission had ruled in favor of the plaintiffs and
ordered compensatory damages for the cost of insurance premiums, it failed to
order any damages for discrimination as such, and the couples went to court.
Under the settlement, each claimant will receive $1,000 (Canadian) as
compensation for the discrimination.
_Egypt_ – Although President
Hosni Mubarak had ordered new trials to be held in the cases of 50 men who were
arrested in a gay gathering place, the subsequent retrials did not all result in
acquittals.  International news
sources reported on March 17 that 21 of the men have now been sentenced to three
years in jail on debauchery charges, although no sexual activity was actually
taking place at the time they were arrested. _Birmingham Post_, March 17.
_Israel_ – A rabbinical court
in Beersheba, ruling in a child custody dispute between a gay man and his
ex-wife, has decreed that the two teenage boys of the marriage should be granted
their preference to live with their father.
This is the first time that a rabbinical court has awarded custody of
minors to an openly gay father.  The
mother has appealed the ruling to the Supreme Rabbinical Court in Jerusalem.
In Israel, where Judaism is the state religion, Rabbinical Courts rather
than the civil courts have jurisdiction over all family law matters.
The Director-General of the Rabbinical Courts, Rabbi Eliahu Ben-Dahan,
told the _Jerusalem Post_ (March 24) that rabbinical judges tend to favor
custody for fathers when children are above the age of nine, since the halacha
(ritual law) imposes obligations on the father and not the mother with respect
to the child’s religious education.
_Japan_ – Transgendered
individuals in Japan have begun to organize, having formed a lobbying group in
January.  So far, Japanese courts
have not been receptive to the claims that somebody who has changed their sex is
entitled to a change of gender designation on official documents.
As a way around the numerous problems that a person can encounter when
their official documents do not accord with their apparent gender, four
municipal governments have now agreed to begin eliminating gender from a variety
of forms.  For example, in Koganei,
the mayor has decided that gender should not be printed on notices that are sent
to inform eligible voters about an upcoming election.
Mayor Inaba stated that he had ordered this removal after learning that
some transsexuals had refrained from voting out of fear that they would face
embarrassing questions from election officials.
Instead, the gender will be contained in a bar code on the form, which
will be scanned to maintain statistical records, but will not be readable by the
election officials. _Asahi Shimbun_, March 24.
_Russia_
– Despite a certain degree of liberalization in the life of gay people
in Russia, it is reported that a new regulation will go into effect on July 1
specifically banning gay people from serving in the military, except in time of
war.  This regulation is seen as
ironic, since the Russian defense establishment is struggling to fill the ranks,
as thousands avoid call-ups due to the miserable conditions they expect to
encounter in Chechnya, the main current assignment of the Russian army. _Straits
Times_, March 15.
_South Africa_ – The South
African Press Association reported on March 28 that the Constitutional Court of
South Africa had ruled that twins born to a lesbian couple by means of donor
insemination were the “legitimate” children of that couple, and that the
Children’s Status Act, to the extent it would be construed to label those
children as “illegitimate” because born out of wedlock, would be
unconstitutional.  The lesbian
couple had applied to the Durban High Court after the Department of Home Affairs
refused to allow both of the women to be registered as legal parents of the
children.  The Department took the
position that only the birth mother could be registered as a parent.
The Durban High Court ruled in their favor on constitutional grounds, but
the opinion had to be confirmed by the Constitutional Court before it could
become effective.  Judge Richard
Goldstone read the unanimous judgment of the court on March 28.
The court made clear that this did not mean that children born to
unmarried heterosexual couples must also be treated as “legitimate” under
the law.  Clearly, the South African
Parliament has some repair work to do on this statute.
_Sweden_ – Now that Sweden
authorizes registered partnerships for same-sex couples, so long as one member
of the couple is Swedish, the government has instructed its foreign embassies
that they are expected to perform partnership ceremonies, even if they are in
countries where such unions are not recognized – so long, of course, that at
least one member of the couple holds Swedish citizenship. _Reuters_, March 7.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
The Lesbian and Gay Law
Association of Greater New York held its annual dinner on March 27, celebrating
the Association’s 25th Anniversary.
Recipients of the Association’s Community Service Awards were Sharen I.
Duke, MPH, of the AIDS Service Center NYC, and Jack Schlegel, a long-time
community activist who has been a prominent fund-raiser for numerous causes,
including Lambda Legal Defense.
The Massachusetts Lesbian and
Gay Bar Association will hold its dinner on April 25, at which time the honorees
will include Jennifer Levi, staff attorney at Gay & Lesbian Advocates &
Defenders, lawyer Vincent McCarthy, and the Freedom to Marry Coalition of
Massachusetts.  The event will be at
the Royal Sonesta Hotel in Cambridge.  For last-minute information on reservations, call
617-984-7256 and speak with Maureen Brodoff, or email her at mbrodoff@nfpa.org.
The March 5 issue of the
_Chicago Daily Law Bulletin_ included a feature article about Cook County
Circuit Judge Colleen F. Sheehan, an openly-lesbian judge who came out during
2001 during the effort to get the Illinois Supreme Court to amend its ethics
rules to bar discrimination within the court system on the basis of sexual
orientation, disability, age and socioeconomic status.
Commenting about going public about being a lesbian as part of that
effort, she told the newspaper: “It really just made me look at the issue of
fully being myself, of being free.  It
was an internal shift I made for myself.”
Paula Ettelbrick has been
designated the new executive director of the International Gay and Lesbian Human
Rights Commission, a San Francisco-based organization with a New York office
that focuses on violations of human rights involving members of sexual
minorities worldwide.  Ettelbrick
has previously held leadership positions with several organizations, including
Lambda Legal Defense Fund, National Center for Lesbian Rights, the National Gay
and Lesbian Task Force, and the Empire State Pride Agenda.
She has also taught courses on sexuality law at several law schools,
including N.Y.U., New York Law School, and the University of Michigan.
On March 24, New York City
Criminal Court Judge Michael R. Sonberg, who has served as president of the
International Association of Lesbian & Gay Judges and is an active member of
the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Great New York, delivered the keynote
address at a conference on openly lesbian and gay judges sponsored by American
University’s Washington College of Law.  His address, titled “Visible Equality: Examining the Role
and Impact of Gay and Lesbian Members of the Judiciary,” will be published in
a forthcoming issue of the school’s law review.
Other openly-gay judges participating in the conference as panelists
included U.S. District Judge Deborah Batts (S.D.N.Y.), Illinois Circuit Court
Judge Thomas Chiola, and NLRB Administrative Law Judge William Kocol.
Openly-gay U.S. Rep. Barney
Frank is the subject of new political speculation as a result of Massachusetts
Senator John Kerry’s campaign for the 2004 Democratic Presidential nomination.
If Kerry is actually elected president in 2004, Gov. Mitt Romney, a
Republican, would appoint somebody to serve out the last two years of his term,
and then in 2006 there would be an open contest for the Democratic nomination.
Would Frank seek to become the nation’s first openly-gay elected
Senator?  Frank told _Bay Windows_,
a Boston gay newspaper, that he would.  Asked
to comment, Sen. Kerry stated of Frank: “He’s a remarkable public servant
and he’s done so much for Massachusetts and the nation.
He’s smart as hell; he’s tenacious; he’s witty; and he’s a
fighter.  Barney speaks his mind and
argues his case better than just about anyone.” _American Political Network
Hotline_, March 20, 2003.
What goes around comes around.
George W. Bush has nominated U.S. Attorney Michael Mosman of Oregon to a
seat on the Federal District Court there.  Mosman
clerked for Justice Lewis Powell in 1986 when the Supreme Court decided _Bowers
v. Hardwick_, and is generally “credited” with having persuaded Powell to
vote to uphold the Georgia sodomy law in that case.
(According to several accounts, Powell was deeply undecided on the case,
and actually voted to strike the sodomy law at the court’s first conference
after oral argument, but then yielded to the opposing views of Mosman and Chief
Justice Warren Burger and ended up providing the fifth vote for upholding the
law.  Powell later repudiated his
vote.)  Basic Rights Oregon, the
state’s gay rights political group, has protested the nomination, and demanded
that Mosman go on record as to his beliefs on whether the constitutional right
of privacy extends to gay people.  In
a March 17 editorial, the _Portland Oregonian_ (March 17) said that this was a
“valid question” that Mosman should have to answer as part of the
confirmation process.  Said the
newspaper, “A judicial candidate’s views on privacy rights are of more than
academic interest, not only to Basic Rights Oregon, but also to everyone else in
our state.” A.S.L.
@SEC = AIDS & RELATED LEGAL
NOTES
6th Circuit Rejects
Damage Claim for Insurer’s Failure to Disclose Positive HIV Test Result
In _Eaton v. Continental
General Insurance Company_, 2003 WL 857330 (U.S. Ct. App., 6th Cir. March 4)
(not officially published), the 6th Circuit ruled that an insurer was
not liable under a theory of negligence per se for failing to inform an
applicant for disability insurance of a positive result of an HIV test, despite
the applicant’s specific request to be informed of any such positive result.
The holding of the case has to be stated in this manner because, it seems,
insufficient lawyering and an indifferent or hostile court prevented the issue
from being considered on any possible contract theory.
David Eaton, an Ohio resident,
applied for disability insurance from Continental General in May 1997. He agreed
to take the required HIV test, and completed an “Informed Consent Form” that
specifically stated he would be notified of any positive HIV result if he so
desired. He indicated that he wanted such results, and provided the required
address for notification.
Before Continental was advised of the positive result by its independent lab, it
was discovered that Eaton had disability insurance through his employer,
rendering him ineligible for coverage under Continental’s underwriting
guidelines. A form rejection letter was generated, and “as a result
Continental did not follow its customary practice of notifying applicants of a
positive test result.”
Eaton tested for HIV again and learned of his positive status in August 1998.
He learned of the positive result of the prior test in October 1998 as a
result of a demand letter by his attorney. He sued the insurance company, the
agent, the lab and everyone else involved in federal court in August 1999, on
theories of negligence, contract, and negligent or intentional infliction of
emotional distress. The district court granted defense motions for summary
judgment, and Eaton appealed. The Court of Appeals ruled that, because the
negligence theory was the only one briefed on appeal, all other theories of
relief were deemed abandoned.
Eaton argued that there was a statutory basis for his claim of negligence under
Ohio Rev. Code sec. 3901.46, which requires notification of applicants for
insurance of a positive HIV result if the results are requested.
The court rejected this claim, ruling that the language of the statute
ran only against an insurer (thus eliminating liability on the part of any other
parties to this suit) and that the language actually stated that the insurer
_may_ advise the applicant of a positive HIV result.
Such language simply did not create a sufficient level of duty to Eaton
that he could complain of Continental’s negligence in compliance. Though
Continental’s failure to advise Eaton of the positive results may have run
afoul of Ohio administrative regulations, violation of Ohio administrative
regulations does not rise to negligence per se.
Finally, the Court of Appeals
ruled that the purpose of the statute was not to require insurers to provide
notice to applicants who want to know such results, but to prevent testing on a
discriminatory basis, to prevent discrimination against those with HIV and to
preserve the confidentiality of HIV test results.
That Continental agreed to provide results of a test, if positive, that Eaton
may have relied on such an agreement and may have suffered damages as a result
of such reliance, is clearly of no concern to the court. _Steven Kolodny_
Georgia Appeals Court Rules
HIV-Disclosure Plaintiff May be Able to Sue Anonymously
A unanimous Georgia Court of
Appeals panel ruled in _Doe v. Hall_, 2003 WL 1251289 (March 19) that a man who
is suing his health care provider and insurance company on a claim that they
improperly failed to protect the confidentiality of his HIV status is not
required to file suit using his own name as plaintiff.
Reversing a trial judge’s decision that state law precluded the
plaintiff from using a pseudonym, the court of appeals directed that the trial
court reconsider the issue.  The plaintiff was allowed to appeal the trial court’s
initial ruling as “John Doe.”
Doe alleges that his doctor,
David L. Hall, drew blood to determine his HIV status.
Doe complains that Hall failed to submit the blood anonymously, and that
Hall, the laboratory, and the insurance company were negligent in allowing his
positive test result to become known to his employer, as a result of which he
lost his job.  Doe is also suing Dr. Hall and his group practice for medical
malpractice. After filing suit, Doe filed a motion for a protective order,
asking the trial court to rule that he could proceed with the litigation as John
Doe, that all court papers refer to him as such, and that his actual name and
the names of his family members not be used during the trial.
The trial court found that a
provision of Georgia’s HIV-Confidentiality Statute, OCGA sec. 24-9-47(y)(2),
requires that somebody suing his doctor use his real name in the lawsuit, and
denied the motion.
The statute generally requires
that HIV-related information “disclosed or discovered within the
patient-physician relationship<!70> be kept confidential, but creates
several exceptions.  One exception
provides that if the HIV+ person files insurance claims or is involved in a
dispute over coverage, they must file claims or coverage-related lawsuits in
their own name.   Another
provides that any lawsuit that “places such person’s care and treatment, the
nature and extent of his injuries, the extent of his damages, his medical
condition, or the reasons for his death at issue in any civil or criminal
proceeding” must be brought in the plaintiff’s own name.
The trial judge thought that this exception would naturally extend to any
suit claiming that the doctor or health care organization did something wrong,
but the appellate court unanimously disagreed.
Writing for the court,
Presiding Judge Blackburn pointed out that Doe was not actually complaining
about the quality of his health care, and was not claiming that he was infected
through the doctor’s negligence. “As such, appellant has not placed his care
and treatment at issue in these proceedings,” wrote Blackburn, who pointed out
the circularity of the trial judge’s reasoning: “Under the trial court’s
ruling, one would be required to disclose their identity in suing for improper
disclosure of that identity, which would defeat the purpose of the statute.”
However, this does not
necessarily mean that all plaintiffs in HIV-disclosure suits may automatically
sue anonymously. “A trial court must employ its sound discretion in
determining whether or not a pseudonym may be used in each case, considering the
effects of such decision on the rights of the individual parties and considering
the right of the public to open judicial proceedings,” said the court, sending
the case back to the trial judge for reconsideration of how best to protect
Doe’s confidentiality while allowing the lawsuit to go forward.
The court emphasized that the
trial court’s approach must not interfere with the defendants’ ability to
obtain information necessary to mount a defense to the lawsuit during pre-trial
discovery proceedings. “The trial court should permit the use of plaintiff’s
real name where such use is required in order to ensure adequate discovery by
the defendant.  The trial court is
free to use other devices, such as sealing certain records and order of
non-disclosure in conjunction with plaintiff’s use of a pseudonym, in order to
balance lawful discovery requirements, while providing all reasonable
confidentiality.” A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal – Maine_ – U.S.
Magistrate David Cohen ruled on numerous motions in _Stokes v. Barnhart_, 2003
WL 1145464 (March 13), a case pending in the U.S. District Court in Maine.
The case arises out of the visit of Regina Brooks, the regional Social
Security Administration liaison, to Alan Stokes, at the time a hospital patient
suffering from a variety of conditions, some associated with his HIV status.
Stokes alleges that he had tried to keep his HIV status confidential, but
that Brooks mentioned it in the presence of another person who was visiting him
in the hospital.  This person
subsequently spread the information around, to the mortification of Stokes.
Stokes filed a variety of claims against the Social Security
administrator and Brooks.  As a
result of the ruling on motions, the U.S. was substituted as defendant and the
claims were essentially reduced to intentional infliction of emotional distress,
as to which Magistrate Cohen found that there was a sufficient theoretical legal
basis for the claim and sufficient disputed facts to reject the government’s
motion for summary judgment.  However,
a variety of other claims, including negligent infliction of emotional distress
and constitutional violations, were thrown out, but Cohen allowed Stokes to
amend his complaint to add a violation of the federal Privacy Act.
Cohen rejected a Rehabilitation Act sec. 504 claim, however.
_Federal – New York_ – U.S.
District Judge Hellerstein (S.D.N.Y.) found that there was substantial evidence
to support the Social Security Administration’s determination that an HIV+ man
was not entitled to disability benefits, on the ground that he was capable of
working.  The case shows, yet again,
that an HIV diagnosis in the absence of opportunistic infections that
substantially limit a person’s ability to work cannot be the basis of a
disability determination under federal benefits law. It turns out that at a
later date, Acevedo was found to be qualified for benefits, due to subsequent
complications from his HIV infection and other ailments. _Acevedo v. Barnhart_,
2003 WL 841089 (March 6, 2003).
_Federal – New York_ –
Rejecting a claim by an HIV+ state prisoner at Sing Sing that his housing
conditions amounted to an 8th Amendment violation, U.S. District
Judge Preska (S.D.N.Y.) granted a motion for summary judgment sought by
defendants in _Laureano v. Pataki_, 2003 WL 841067 (March 2, 2003).  The prisoner, who was confined for some time in the Special
Needs Unit at Sing Sing where HIV+ inmates with medical complications are
housed, complained that exposure to pigeon droppings, leaks, and asbestos had
placed his life in danger.  The
prison produced various medical experts to attest to the lack of any health
consequences to Laureano from these exposures, and specifically opined that
various skin lesions, which he contended were due to asbestos exposure, were
actually routine symptoms experienced by HIV+ people who were following the
medication regimen prescribed for Laureano, and had not relation to asbestos
exposure.  Judge Preska also denied
Laureano’s motion to have counsel appointed for him.
This matter was brought pro se.
_Michigan_ – The first thing
you need if you are a medical malpractice plaintiff is a competent expert
witness, as Betty J. Christy has discovered to her dismay.  Christy, as personal representative of the estate of her late
husband, Ralph Christy, sued Detroit Osteopathic Hospital Corporation for
malpractice in connection with her husband’s death.  Ralph allegedly contracted HIV while being treated at the
defendant hospital in April 1984, about a year prior to the release of the HIV
antibody test that has been used ever since to screen donated blood.
The hospital obtained the blood used for Ralph from the Red Cross.
In support of her complaint, Christy presented affidavits and deposition
by Dr. Barry Singer, a board-certified internist, oncologist and hematologist,
who professed ignorance about the standard of care in effect for blood
collection and donation at the relevant time.
The trial court found (and the Michigan Court of Appeals agreed, in an
unpublished opinion) that Christy’s complaint was fatally defective for
failing to present evidence of the relevant standard of care. _Christy v.
Detroit Osteopathic Hospital Corp._, 2003 WL 1343070 (March 11, 2003).
A.S.L.
AIDS Law and Society Notes
_United States Government_ –
During his state of the union message in January, George W. Bush announced to
great applause a new $15 billion initiative to fight the AIDS epidemic in third
world countries.  As usual with this
administration, however, the announcement was mainly public relations, and, in
light of subsequent actions, may actually be seen as a way to attempt to impose
conservative restrictions on the international effort to prevent transmission of
HIV. It appears that the administration is taking the position that any
organization receiving U.S. governmental funding in connection with this
initiative must totally foreswear anything to do with abortion.
That means that family planning clinics and women’s health clinics,
which would logically be at the front-lines of the efforts to combat HIV
transmission in Africa and Asia and South America, will be subject to the same
ideological restrictions now imposed on such organizations within the U.S. if
they are to receive any of the federal money.
This goal helps to explain why the Bush Administration is proposing to
dispense most of the money directly rather than through the United Nations’
Emergency AIDS Fund.  In addition,
of course, the $15 billion figure will likely prove to by mythological as well.  Some of it will be money diverted from other programs, and
much of it will be delayed if it is ever appropriated, following the pattern of
other Bush “initiatives” in areas such as education and public health.
Meanwhile, Bush can bask in the approval of media commentators for having
made a “commitment” to a “compassionate” agenda on the AIDS issue.
Why are we depressed?
_South Dakota_ – The state
legislature has passed a bill that would allow state health officials to release
confidential HIV-related data to prosecutors when it involves people who are
being investigated for the crime of intentionally exposing somebody to HIV
without their knowledge.  Such
intentional exposure can result in a prison sentence of up to 15 years under
South Dakota criminal laws.  Prior
to this new bill, state health officials were not required to turn over such
information.  At the time of
writing, the governor had not yet signed the bill.
_Spain_ – Condemning an
existing ban on blood donations by gay and bisexual individuals as
“antiquated,” the Spanish Ministry of Defense announced on Feb. 4 that the
Gomez Ulla Military Hospital in Madrid would abandon that policy.
Instead, individual donors will be asked to exclude themselves if they
have engaged in behavior that might place them at risk for sexually-transmitted
diseases, and all donated blood will be subject to repeated HIV screening.
(This story was reported on-line by Rex Wockner’s International News
Service.)  A.S.L.
@SECNP = PUBLICATIONS NOTED
& ANNOUNCEMENTS
@H2TOP = MOVEMENT JOB
ANNOUNCEMENTS
@T1 =
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT
@T1 =
@H2TOP = LESBIAN & GAY
& RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Adjani, Mirna E., _African
Courts, International Law, and Comparative Case Law: Chimera or Emerging Human
Rights Jurisprudence?_, 24 Mich. J. Int’l L. 103 (Fall 2002).
Barak, President Aharon, _A
Judge on Judging: The Role of a Supreme Court in a Democracy_, 116 Harv. L. Rev.
16 (Nov. 2002).
Bessant, Claire, _Transsexuals
and Marriage after Goodwin v. United Kingdom_, 33 Fam. L. (UK) 111 (Feb. 2003).
Brown, Laura S.,
_”Relationships More Enduring”: Implications of the_ Troxel_ Decision for
Lesbian and Gay Families_, 41 Fam. Ct. Rev. 60 (Jan. 2003).
Crowley-Cyr, Lynda, and Carole
Caple, _Sex with Clients and the Ethical Lawyer_, 8 James Cook U. L. Rev. 67
(2001).
Fox, James W., Jr.,
_Re-Readings and Misreadings: _Slaughterhouse_, Privileges or Immunities, and
Section Five Enforcement Powers_, 91 Ky. L. J. 67 (2002-2003).
Gallanis, T. P., _Aging and the
Nontraditional Family_, 32 U. Memphis L. Rev. 607 (Spring 2002).
Gregory, John DeWitt, _Defining
the Family in the Millennium: The_ Troxel_ Follies_, 32 U. Memphis L. Rev. 687
(Spring 2002).
Hager, Mark, _Freedom of
Solidarity: Why the Boy Scout Case Was Rightly (But Wrongly) Decided_, 35 Conn.
L. Rev. 129 (Fall 2002).
Hudson, David L., Jr.,
_Reflecting on the Virtual Child Porn Decision_, 36 John Marshall L. Rev. 211
(Fall 2002).
Huntley, Jill E., and Mark
Costanzo, _Sexual Harassment Stories: Testing a Story-Mediated Model of Juror
Decision-Making in Civil Litigation_, 27 L. & Human Behavior 29 (Feb. 2003).
Husselbee, L. Paul, and Larry
Elliott, _Looking Beyond Hate: How National and Regional Newspapers Framed Hate
Crimes in Jasper, Texas, and Laramie, Wyoming_, 79 Journalism & Mass Comm.
Q. 833 (2002).
Johnson, Judith J., _License to
Harass Women: Requiring Hostile Environment Sexual Harassment to Be “Severe or
Pervasive” Discriminates Among “Terms and Conditions” of Employment_, 62
Md. L. Rev. 85 (2003).
Kulik, Carol T., Elissa L.
Perry, and Molly B. Pepper, _Here Comes the Judge: The Influence of Judge
Personal Characteristics on Federal Sexual Harassment Case Outcomes_, 27 L.
& Human Behavior 69 (Feb. 2003).
Ngwena, Charles, _Sexuality
Rights as Human Rights in Southern Africa with Particular Reference to South
Africa_, 17 S.A. Public L. 1 (2002).
Riggs, Shelley A., _Response
to_ Troxel v. Granville_: Implications of Attachment Theory for Judicial
Decisions Regarding Custody and Third-Party Visitation_, 41 Fam. Ct. Rev. 39
(Jan. 2003).
Robertson, James E., _A Clean
Heart and an Empty Head: The Supreme Court and Sexual Terrorism in Prison_, 81
N.C. L. Rev. 433 (Jan. 2003).
Saperstein, David, _Public
Accountability and Faith-Based Organizations: A Problem Best Avoided_, 116 Harv.
L. Rev. 1353 (March 2003).
Schulzetenberg, Mara, _U.S.
Immigration Benefits for Same Sex Couples: Green Cards for Gay Partners?_, 9 Wm.
& Mary J. Women & L. 99 (Fall 2002).
Stein, Edward, _Queers
Anonymous: Lesbians, Gay Men, Free Speech, and Cyberspace_, 38 Harv. Civ. Rts. -
Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 159 (Winter 2003).
Stoner, James R., Jr., _Is
Tradition Activist? The Common Law of the Family in the Liberal
Constitutionalist World_, 73 U. Colo. L. Rev. 1291 (2002).
Tye, Marcus C., _Lesbian, Gay,
Bisexual and Transgender Parents: Special Considerations for the Custody and
Adoption Evaluator_, 41 Fam. Ct. Rev. 92 (Jan. 2003).
Upham, Anthony Roy,
_Interfacing with Pornography: An Examination of Hong Kong’s Approach to
Pornography on the Internet_, 9 Asia Pacific L. Rev. 151 (2001).
Yovel, Jonathan, _Gay Science
as Law: An Outline for a Nietzschean Jurisprudence_, 24 Cardozo L. Rev. 635
(Jan. 2003).
_Student Articles:_
Arnault, E. Lauren, _Status,
Conduct, and Forced Disclosure: What Does_ Bowers v. Hardwick_ Really Say?_, 36
U.C. Davis L. Rev. 757 (Feb. 2003).
Clausen, Andrea L., _Marriage
of Same-Sex Couples in Iowa: Iowa Code Sec. 595.2 Is Not Constitutional Under
the Iowa Constitution Article I, Secs. 1, 6, and 9_, 6 J. Gender Race &
Justice 451 (Fall 2002).
Comment, _An Eleventh Amendment
Victory: The Eleventh Amendment vs. Title II of the ADA_, 75 Temple L. Rev. 675
(Fall 2002) (of course, a “victory” for the 11th Amendment is in
this case a defeat for the interests of people living with disabilities).
Hardage, Jonathan A., Nichols
v. Azteca Restaurant Enterprises, Inc._ and the Legacy of _Price Waterhouse v.
Hopkins_: Does Title VII Prohibit “Effeminacy” Discrimination?_, 54 Alabama
L. Rev. 193 (Fall 2002).
Hua, Nicholas, _Same-Sex Sexual
Harassment Under Title VII: The Line of Demaraction Between Sex and Sexual
Orientation Discrimination_, 43 Santa Clara L. Rev. 249 (2002).
Jenkins, Kenya A.,
_”Shaming” Probation Penalties and the Sexual Offender: A Dangerous
Combination_, 23 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 81 (Fall 2002).
Kapczynski, Amy, _Queer
Brinksmanship: Citizenship and the Solomon Wars_, 112 Yale L. J. 673 (Dec.
2002).
Smith, Amanda J., J.B. v.
M.B._: New Evidence That Contracts Need to Be Reevaluated as the Method of
Choice for Resolving Frozen Embryo Disputes_, 81 N.C. L. Rev. 878 (Jan. 2003).
_Specially Noted:_
Although the lengthy trial
court opinion in _Kantaras v. Kantaras_ is not officially published, it is
summarized in the BNA Family Law Reporter, 29 Fam. L. Rep. 1195 (March 4, 2003).
In _Kantaras_, a federal trial judge held that a transsexual father was
entitled to custody of two children he had been raising with his ex-wife, and
that their marriage had been a valid one, even though he lacked a penis to
consummate their marriage through heterosexual intercourse.
Mrs. Kantaras had been pregnant by another man when Michael Kantaras
proposed to marry her, and conceived her second child through donor insemination
while they were married.
Cambridge University Press has
announced the publication of _Gay Rights and American Law_ by Daniel R. Pinello,
an Associate Professor of Government at John Jay College of Criminal Justice of
the City University of New York.   Pinello’s
book, portions of which we have seen in manuscript, is a fascinating look at how
American courts deal with gay rights cases, based on an extensive survey of
reported cases.  The book, which
will become available in June, is receiving simultaneous hardcover and paperback
publication.  Advanced orders can be
placed through the CUP website: us.cambridge.org/politicalscience/.
Prof. Pinello was an active legal practitioner in New York City for many
years, and was well-known for having helped to establish and staff the first
major effort to provide inexpensive legal consultation for the gay community in
a law clinic type of setting.
Vol. 23, No. 6 (Aug. 2002) of
the Cardozo Law Review is devoted to a symposium titled “The Fate of the Child
Pornography Act of 1996.”
@H2TOP = AIDS & RELATED
LEGAL ISSUES:
Crossley, Mary, _Infected
Judgment: Legal Responses to Physician Bias_, 48 Villanova L. Rev. 195 (2003).
Hammer, Peter J., _Differential
Pricing of Essential AIDS Drugs: Markets, Politics and Public Health_, 5 J.
Int’l Economic L. 883 (Dec. 2002).
Li Xiaorong, _Social Stigma:
The Plight of Children Orphaned by AIDS in Henan_, 2002 China Rights Forum No.
4, 34 (2002).
Meel, B., _Case Report: The
Myth of Child Rape as a Cure for HIV/AIDS in Transkei_, 43 Medicine, Science
& L. 85 (Jan. 2003).
Mook, Jonathan R., _Supreme
Court Does Not Allow Disabled Workers to Place Themselves in Harm’s Way_, 28
Emp. Rel. L. J. No. 3, 7 (Winter 2002).
Stoto, Michael A., _The
Precautionary Principle and Emerging Biological Risks: Lessons From Swine Flu
and HIV in Blood Products_, 117 Pub. Health Rep. No. 6, 546 (Dec. 2002).
_Student Articles:_
Hare, Ivan, Minister of Health
v. Treatment Action Campaign_: The South African AIDS Pandemic and the
Constitutional Right to Healthcare_, 2002 European Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 624.
Hermes, Jaclyn Schmitt, _The
Criminal Transmission of HIV: A Proposal to Eliminate Iowa’s Statute_, 6 J.
Gender Race & Justice 473 (Fall 2002).
Peng Jiang, _Fighting the AIDS
Epidemic: China’s Option Under the WTO Trips Agreement_, 13 Albany L. J. Sci.
& Tech. 223 (2002).
Recent Development in New York
Law, _Holding That An Insurance Company Had No Duty to Disclose a
Life-Threatening Medical Condition Highlights the Need for a New Approach_, 76
St. John’s L. Rev. 1047 (Fall 2002).
Shaw, Sarah, _Why Courts Cannot
Deny ADA Protection to Plaintiffs Who Do Not Use Available Mitigating Measures
for Their Impairments_, 90 Cal. L. Rev. 1981 (Dec. 2002).
LETTER TO THE EDITOR
To the Editor:
Thank you for your objective analysis of the Oregon Court of Appeals’
January decision in the _Strome_ case.  I
think it is important for your readership to understand that, consistent with
Oregon statutory and case law, the father’s sexual orientation and his
relationship with his partner played no role whatsoever in the briefing or in
the deciding of the case.  That is
the full extent of the good news for gay family law litigants, however, in this
shocking decision.
Oregon has been served for many
years by one of the best third-party parenting statutes in the nation.
In the wake of Troxel v. Granville, the Oregon Court of Appeals appears
determined to undo the statute completely. In Strome and its post-Troxel
progenitors, the court extended the constitutional test far beyond anything
suggested by the Troxel plurality and rendered the statute essentially unusable
by separating co-parents. That means that children raised by gay or lesbian (or
straight, for that matter) co-parents will have no access whatsoever to those
parental figures following separation except as the biological parent may allow.
The court’s reasons for
taking such a hard line remain obscure.  We
in Oregon are left to hope that the court will approach our recently revised
statute differently, but the initial indications are not encouraging.
It remains a possibility, of course, that the Supreme Court will clean up
the mess.  In the meantime, Troxel
should stand as a reminder to our community that constitutional protections in
this area of family law are a double-edged sword.
The Constitution simply was not
conceived or written with the needs of our community in mind.
As a practitioner litigating these cases, it would have been better in my
mind if Troxel had never been decided.  The
irrelevance of homosexuality in custody decisions is well-established in Oregon
law.  What we need are laws that
foster and support our family structures.  The
loss of that statute and the body of case law interpreting it are a truly tragic
outcome that cannot be ignored.
Thanks for your great work!
Mark Johnson, Attorney at Law
<http://www.legalzenith.com>
Bennett,
Hartman, Morris & Kaplan, LLP, 851 SW Sixth Avenue, Suite 1600, Portland,
Oregon 97204
[Editor’s
Comment: We reported on _Strome_ because it appeared from the court’s opinion
that in a custody dispute between an apparently gay father in a relationship and
mother-in-law, the court found that custody for the father was mandated by law.
As Mark Johnson correctly observes, this result is reached through a
reading of that statute that, on balance, would be most disadvantageous to
same-sex co-parents who are neither biological nor adoptive parents of the
children whose custody is in dispute, inasmuch as it precludes reaching an
objective “best interests of the child” analysis while giving overwhelming
preference to the biological or adoptive parent over the other co-parent. (In
effect, only a biological or adoptive parent who is shown to be unfit to have
custody would be denied custody in a contest with an “unrelated” co-parent.)
As such, the opinion is part of an alarming trend in Oregon family law as
far as lesbian and gay families are concerned.  Another point to note: Mr. Strome contacted us after reading
our account in the internet-posted version of _Law Notes_ to point out that
pending further disposition in his case, he still does not have actual custody,
pending further appeal in the case. A.S.L.]
EDITOR'S
NOTE:
All
points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified
writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association
of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.  Please address correspondence to
the
Editor or send via e>mail.