http://www.lawyermover.com/terms-of-use
HomeServicesTeamPlacementsContactTerms of usePrivacy PolicyThe Portfolio Group Inc. (“TPG”) does not sell or rent your information to any third party. By providing any personal information to us on this website, however, you do consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with our privacy policy. This Terms of Use sets forth the firm's commitment with respect the handling of your personally identifiable information.If you browse through the website or download information, our servers will automatically collect certain information. This information includes the: (a) name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; (b) browser software you use and your operating system; and (c) Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to this website. We will use information that we automatically collect to manage and improve our website to make it as useful as possible for guests like you. None of the information we automatically collect is tied to other personal information you may provide to us.The firm only gathers and retains personal information that you voluntarily submitted. For example, if you choose to complete and submit one of the forms located on our website, we will retain the information you submit to process and respond to your inquiry or request. After that response, the information you submitted will be retained for our records. We will not disclose the identifying information you provide to us without your consent, except (a) as required by law, (b) to our independent contractors who host and maintain our website and email services, and (c) to service providers or suppliers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform business, professional or technical support for the firm.Confidentiality TPG adheres to the highest standards of confidentiality, integrity and professionalism. All candidate communications are held in strict confidence. Your information and resume will never be shared with or sent to a potential employer without your consent.Proprietary InformationThe contents of this website, such as our logo, trademarks and service marks, text, graphics, images, logos, button icons, software and other items and product and service names (collectively referred to herein as the "Proprietary Information") are protected under both United States and foreign copyright, trademark and other laws.  All Proprietary Information is the property of TPG.  The collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this website are the exclusive property of TPG and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  Unauthorized use of the Proprietary Information may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.  You must retain all copyright, trademark, service-mark and other proprietary notices contained in the original Proprietary Information on any copy you make of the Proprietary Information.  You may not sell or modify the Proprietary Information or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Proprietary Information in any way for any public or commercial purpose.  The use of the Proprietary Information on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. You shall not copy or adapt the HTML code that TPG creates to generate its pages.Non-WaiverThe failure of TPG to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Limitation of LiabilityAs a condition to your use of this site, you release TPG from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential, direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.  The use of the website and materials therein is at your own risk.  ChangesChanges are periodically made to the website and may be made at any time.  We may modify, change, alter or update our website, Terms of Use, or Privacy Policy at any time, without any notice to you or to any third party.No liabilityIn no event shall TPG, or any third parties mentioned on the website be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the website and the materials therein, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not TPG is advised of the possibility of such damages.MiscellaneousThese Terms of Use are governed by the substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.  Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within Los Angeles, California.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.  No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.  These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and TPG and governs your use this website, unless otherwise agreed to in writing.Please contact us to learn more about our confidential search and placement services.Contact UsAll candidate communications are held in strict confidence.Your confidential message has been delivered. Thank you.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the formThe Portfolio Group Inc.16311 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 655Encino, CA 91436-1233310.636.0034 tel | 800.260.2051 telContactinfo@lawyermover.com for general inquiriesrk@lawyermover.com to contact Richard Kolodny or email your resume in confidence.Company DirectoryRichard Kolodny | 310.636.1052 | rk@lawyermover.comAngelina Kwong | 310.636.0034 | ak@lawyermover.comKim Vruggink | 310.579.8340 | kv@lawyermover.com