http://www.sekem.com/en/contact/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Contact | Visit SEKEM | Join SEKEM | Legal | Privacy
Privacy Notice
Last updated: 2018/05/23
This notice falls under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Who We Are
SEKEM Holding for Investment SAE is a Egyptian based joint stock company subject to the provisions of the Capital market Law No. 95 of 1992 and its regulations and is part of the SEKEM Initiative, founded by Dr. Ibrahim Abouleish in 1977.
Our address:
SEKEM Holding for Investment S.A.E.
3  Cairo Belbes Desert Road
P.O:Box 2834 El Horreya, heliopolis
11361 Cairo, Egypt
E-Mail: cs@sekem.com
Our Website:
www.sekem.com
Call us:
0020 2 265 88 124/5 – 01223999147
Fax: 0020 2 265 88 123
How To Contact Us
We can be reached via this contact form on our website.
Personal Data We Collect
Email address;
Names;
Language preferences;
IP;
Address;
Newsletter: opens, clicks, opt-ins;
Comments: Data shown in the comments, browser user agent string for SPAM protection;
List the information that we store but that is not identifiable:
Amount of users on website and average time spend.
Consent to Collect
We collect data from users that have contacted us through our contact forms;
We collect data from users that have subscribed to our newsletter (available in English, Arabic, German language).
We ask for consent during the account creation process with a checkbox. A link to this page is provided during the account creation process.
The legal basis for us to collect the data is to be able to provide you with a service.
Your Data, Your Rights
You can request a copy of your data which we will provide within 30 days;
You can request your data to be anonymized which we will do within 30 days;
While we will do everything we can to keep our service secure, in the event of a data breach or misuse, we will inform our users of what happened and what we have done to put it right within 30 days.
Services and Third Parties Where SEKEM Stores Data
SEKEM relies on third party services to maintain its own services. SEKEM never shares or resell any of its data.
In Europe:
MailPoet, France;
Appful GmbH, Germany;
International:
GoDaddy Inc, US (encrypted backups);
Google Analytics, US.
Length of Data Collection
SEKEM will keep identifiable data for an undetermined amount of time or until the user asks us to anonymize and / or delete his data.
Newsletter & Account Statistics and Reporting
SEKEM records behavioural data, such as opens and clicks, for emails SEKEM sends itself.
SEKEM collects data from users for security reasons, to monitor deliverability and for internal reporting:
Number of emails sent;
Email addresses of recipients;
Country of user;
Language preference of user.
Who Has Access to Our Data?
Data at SEKEM is not shared or sold with any third party other than mentioned above.
SEKEMs staff has access to users data for the purpose of providing services, monitoring and reporting.
No personal identifiable data is stored on staff computers on a permanent basis.
SEKEM, Egypt
© 2018 SEKEM, Contact
Read SEKEM News
Read moreRead moreRead more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Our Privacy NoticePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Close Window
Download our SEKEM News App
Our iOS and Android App serves you with great content and a awesome user experience!
Thanks, I prefer the slower mobile site
DOWNLOAD