http://www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/privacy-statement.html
PS Review of FM Search Engine:
PRIVACY AND POLICY STATEMENT
November 1, 2008
Si Opus Quadratum vis, angulos praecidere noli.
This is the web site of Pietre-Stones Review of Freemasonry.We can be reached at  Feedback - Privacy Policy & Copyright"PS Review of Freemasonry" is an independent review of masonic culture.
All the contents are not sponsored nor endorsed by any Masonic Organization.
The papers published are the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the opinions of the Review nor those of any other regular masonic body.
Copyrights
No part of this website may be reproduced, downloaded, stored, or transmitted in any form or
by any means, without prior permission in writing from the copyright proprietor.
You read further information on our Copyright Notice
Request for Permission
If you wish to request permission to reproduce material from PS Review of Freemasonry, please go to: How to request permission
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This privacy statement outlines the information we will collect and how we will use it.
For each visitor to our Website, our Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Website, the e-mail addresses of those who subscribe our Restricted Access Area, our Quarterly Newsletter, our " Readers of Pietre-Stones Review of Freemasonry" mailing list , the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information, feedback, error notification and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Website, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
We will not give or sell your personally identifiable information to any outside organization for the organization's own use without your consent.
We will not disclose your personal information unless acting under a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Pietre-Stones Review of Freemasonry.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Some services are provided by third parties, we have not control of their privacy policies:
Yahoo.com Privacy Policy
JigZone - Puzzles Online - Privacy Policy
The ChangeDetection.com - Privacy Policy
We are committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and will take prudent and reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address.
Home Page | Alphabetical Index | What is New | Freemasons World News
Research Papers | Books online | Freemasons History | Symbolism & Rituals
Saggi in Italiano | Essais en Langue Française | Monografias em Português | Planchas Masonicas en Español| Sitemap | Privacy Policy | How to Contribute a Paper |
News Feed |
Subscribe News by Email
visitor/s currently on the page.