http://www.dignityfuneral.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Find a Funeral Director
Search by town or postcode
Home
What to do when someone dies
What to do immediately
What to do when someone dies
When someone dies at home
When someone dies in hospital
When someone dies in a care home
When someone dies abroad
First steps after a death
Medical Certificate of Cause of Death
Registering a death
Bringing your loved one into care
Start arranging the funeral
Useful guides
A loved one may be passing soon
Frequently asked questions
Timeline of what to do when someone dies
After the funeral
What to do after the funeral
Arranging a funeral
Before the funeral
Choosing a Funeral Director
How to arrange a funeral
Types of funeral
Funeral costs
Planning a funeral service
The day of the funeral
Our funeral services
Our funeral services
Full Service Funeral
Simple Funeral
Compare our funeral services
After the funeral
What to do after the funeral
Memorials
Legal services
Dealing with finances after a death
Planning ahead
Our Prepaid Funeral Plans
Sharing my final wishes
Prepaid Funeral Plans
Advice
Advice and guidance categories
Covid-19 Update
Organising a funeral
Attending a funeral
Grief and bereavement support
Insights
Most popular guides
A guide to funeral etiquette
How long after death does a funeral take place?
What to wear to a funeral
Bible readings for funerals
Coping with grief and loss
Sympathy card and funeral flower messages
A guide to being a pallbearer
Bereavement and compassionate leave in the UK
Latest guides
What to put on a headstone
A guide to non-religious funerals
Interment of ashes
Non-religious funeral readings
A guide to burying ashes
Talking about death
How to cope with grief on Father's Day
Life's Moments
About Dignity
Contact us
Find a Funeral Director
Search by town or postcode
Dignity PLC
Crematoria
Arranging a Funeral
Pre-Paid Funeral Plans
Guidance & Advice
About Dignity
Contact Us
FIND A FUNERAL DIRECTOR
Search
Top
Terms of use
Please read these terms of use carefully. For the purposes of these terms, “we/our/us” means Dignity Funerals Ltd.
Together with our privacy policy, they govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you have any comments or questions about our website terms of use, please contact us at company.secretary@dignityuk.co.uk or write to us at Dignity, 4 King Edwards Court, King Edward Square, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B73 6AP.
We may change these terms of use or our privacy policy at any time by updating this page. Please check this page from time to time to review these terms of use to ensure you are happy with any changes. Using or accessing this website indicates your acceptance of these terms of use. If you do not accept these terms, please do not continue to use this website.
Information about us
We are Dignity Funerals Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales at Companies House. Our registered office is at 4 King Edwards Court, King Edward Square, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B73 6AP and our registered number is 00041598. Our VAT number is 486 6081 14
You can contact us by email at company.secretary@dignityuk.co.uk or by telephone on 0121 354 1557.
The website to which these terms of use apply and for which we are responsible is www.dignityfunerals.co.uk
Your use of this website and our intellectual property rights
We have made this website available to you for your non-commercial use. We may modify, withdraw or deny your access to this website at any time.
This website and all the materials contained in it are protected by intellectual property rights, including copyright, and either belong to us or are licensed to us to use. Materials include, but are not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, documents, on the website, as well as other content such as articles, reports, presentations, stories, logos, trademarks (registered or unregistered) and other text.
You may not copy, redistribute, republish, modify or otherwise make the materials on this website available to anyone else without our consent in writing.
You may print or download materials from this website for your non-commercial use or copy the content to other individuals for their personal information provided that:
no materials are modified in any way
no graphics are used separately from accompanying text
our copyright and trademark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge this website as the source of the material
the person to whom you are providing these materials is made aware of these restrictions.
Our liability to you
These terms of use do not exclude our liability (if any) to you for:
personal injury or death resulting from our negligence
fraud
any matter which it would be illegal for us to exclude or to attempt to exclude our liability.
We do not guarantee that this website will be compatible with all or any hardware and software which you may use. We do not guarantee that this website will be available all the time or at any specific time. We reserve the right to withdraw or modify this website at any time.
We are only liable to you for losses which you suffer as a result of a breach of these terms by us. We are not responsible to you for any losses which you may incur which were not a foreseeable consequence of us breaching these terms and conditions, for example if you and we could not have contemplated those losses before or when you access this website. Our liability to you shall not in any circumstances include any business losses that you may incur, including but not limited to lost data, lost profits or business interruption.
Information on this website
The information contained on this website is given for general information and interest purposes only. While we try to ensure the information contained on the website is accurate and up to date, we cannot be responsible for any inaccuracies in the information. As a result, you should not rely on this information, and we recommend that you take further advice or seek further guidance before taking any action based on the information contained on this website.
Nothing on this website constitutes the provision of, or an offer to provide, financial, investment, tax, legal, professional or other advice in any way. Nothing on this website should be taken as an invitation to or a recommendation to buy, sell, underwrite or subscribe for or hold any securities in Dignity Funerals Ltd or any of its products or services.
Nothing on this website should be regarded as being a financial promotion for any securities in Dignity Funerals Ltd or any of its products or services. However, please note that the price of securities and other investments, and the income from them, can go down as well as up, and you may lose your original investment, and that past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.
The content of this website is for information only and is not tailored for any particular investor. You should not rely on it; you should rely on your own judgement before making any investment and on all publicly available information and if you are in doubt about what to do you should seek independent advice before making any investment decisions.
Our liability to you as explained above remains unaffected by this.
Linking
We may link to other websites which are not within our control. We are not responsible for these websites in any way and do not endorse them. It is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions and privacy policy on any other website which you visit.
You may not link to this website from another website without our consent in writing.
Contracting online
Nothing on this website is intended to be nor should be construed as an offer to enter into a contractual relationship with you or anyone else, except for these terms and conditions which govern the relationship between us in relation to your use of the website.
If you make a contract with a third party who is named or referred to on this website, it is your responsibility to ensure that you are comfortable with the terms of that contract and to take legal advice if necessary.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity and all aspects whatsoever of these terms or of any term of these terms of use will be governed by the law of England.
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these terms or use of the website.
Find a Funeral Director
Submit
Call us 24/7 on0800 456 1047
Find a Funeral Director