https://www.movieguide.org/privacy-policy
Reviews
In Theaters
Streaming
Cable TV
Articles
Uplift
Parenting
Now Streaming
Videos
Movie Reviews
Red Carpet
Interviews
Now News
Top 10
Year
Genre
Holiday
Theme
Discover
Books
Donate
Search
Privacy Policy
Email Privacy Policy
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us,
(a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or
(b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Third-Party Content
We may include content from third party sources, including but not limited to images, analytics, embeddable videos, and posts. In those instances, you are submitted to the privacy policy of those sources, including but not limited to:
Google Privacy Policy
YouTube Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to customerservice@movieguide.org for review.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was created on May 7 ,2020
Movieguide
DonateMovieguide® is a 501c3 non-profit. We are only able to make a difference because of your generous support. DONATE TODAY!
Popular Articles Reviews
UNCLE FRANK
SUPERINTELLIGENCE
KISS THE GROUND
THE RIGHT STUFF:
Episode 1.1: Sierra Hotel
THE LAST SERMON
Latest Videos Reviews
UNCLE FRANK
SUPERINTELLIGENCE
KISS THE GROUND
THE RIGHT STUFF:
Episode 1.1: Sierra Hotel
THE LAST SERMON