http://www.voagno.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Volunteers of America respects the privacy of our online visitors and donors. Any personal information you provide is voluntary, and we do not require you to register in order to view our site. There are times, such as when you donate online or use our online advocacy tool, when we will collect specific information, such as your name, mailing address, zip/postal codes, and/or e-mail address.
If you choose to provide personally identifiable data, you may receive communications from us – by mail or electronically – advising you of upcoming Volunteers of America events, advocacy action alerts, or volunteer and support opportunities. If you do not wish to be contacted with such information, please let us know by writing or sending an e-mail to the address at the bottom of this page. In the subject field, please type “Mailing List Opt Out" and provide us with your name, e-mail and postal address.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information: While Volunteers of America does not monitor your personal activity on our site, we do track aggregated, anonymous user data to evaluate the effectiveness of our Web site and help us improve our service. For example, we may compile statistics about our daily number of site visitors or specific page requests. This data is generic in nature and contains no personal information.
Release of Information to Third Parties: Volunteers of America may make e-mail and postal addresses obtained from our donors available to other reputable nonprofit and commercial organizations. If you are a donor to Volunteers of America and you do not want us to share your mailing information, please let us know by writing or sending an e-mail to the address at the bottom of this page. In the subject field, please type “Mailing List Opt Out" and provide us with your name, e-mail or postal address depending on how you made your contribution to our organization.
Security of the Information You Provide Us: Volunteers of America uses secure socket layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption to protect transmission of the information you submit to us when you use our secure online forms. The information you provide to us is stored securely.Volunteers of America ensures the safety of your credit card data with high-quality encryption software and the https:// industry standard security protocol to communicate with your browser. This technology makes online credit card transactions extremely secure. However, if you are uncomfortable with donating online, you may also contribute by calling (504)482-2130 or contacting us at the address below.
Terms and Conditions: This Website is a complimentary information service offered by Volunteers of America at no cost to you. In order for Volunteers of America to provide free access to this Website, we must require visitors to agree to certain Terms and Conditions.
Links to Other Sites: Our Web site contains numerous links to sites developed by other companies and organizations. Be aware that other sites' privacy policies may differ from ours and Volunteers of America has no influence over third-party privacy policies.
Notice to Parents: Children are welcome on the Volunteers of America Web site. While here, they can learn more about us, and when appropriate, locate opportunities to serve their communities through our training programs and volunteer activities. Although our Web site currently does not have material directed specifically toward children, Volunteers of America supports the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
Notice to Children Under 13: Do not send any information about yourself to us, such as your name, address, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.
Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy: Volunteers of America reserves the right to amend this privacy policy as necessary. Please watch this space for future changes.
For Further Information: If you have further questions or comments regarding our privacy policy, we encourage you to contact us.
Mailing Address:
Volunteers of America Southeast Louisiana
4152 Canal St.
New Orleans, LA 70119
E-mail:
info@voasela.org
Return to top of page