https://www.skrewdriver.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The current privacy policy applies to each Skrewdriver.net (“We”, “Us”, “Our”, the “Website”) and therefore the Owner, on one hand, and the Users visiting the Website, on the other. It outlines the means the Website collects and handles Data, similarly because the rights Users have, regarding that Data.The current privacy policy applies for the Website and its Users and doesn’t cowl third-party websites the Users might visit through Skrewdriver.net.1.1 Knowledge ControllerSkrewdriver.net is that the ‘data controller’ that determines the process and handling of data, in accordance with the applicable knowledge Protection Law, while not the involvement of a 3rd party.1.2 knowledge Security & RetentionData is hold on on secured serves, and solely the web site admin has access to you. If you believe that your knowledge has not been handled properly, contact us right away at contact@skrewdriver.net.Data is stored not than the law-allowed amount or for the law-required duration if that amount must be lengthened. In each different case, Data is hold on just for the time necessary to satisfy Terms-outlined purposes.1.3. Knowledge & Third PartiesWe confirm the third parties we partner with is trustworthy and that we verify their integrity. Our policies don’t apply for these third parties, thus, we tend to advise Users to fastidiously examine their policies and Terms after they visit them through Skrewdriver.net.1.4. Data we tend to CollectWhen you visit Skrewdriver.net, we collect each public and private information including:IP Address;Operating System;The Used we tend tob-Browser;To collect that once you visit the web site and act with it, we apply within the following way:Automatically – by exploitation extra tools like Cookies to mechanically sight information.1.5. However We Use Data?Data helps us with the enhancements we create on the web site to grant you a custom expertise that answers your preferences: mechanically collected data helps us with the web site improvement and improved interaction for users; Submitted knowledge helps us establish relevant contact with Users. Users are not duty-bound to supply such knowledge if they don’t need to receive promotional materials and be contacted by us.Skrewdriver.net doesn’t sell, rent, share, or distribute personal data to 3rd parties, companies, or personal entities. we would unharness personal information to fits the law if a legal authority needs it of us.Users can create inquiries concerning their knowledge and enact their rights in relevance that knowledge.1.6. The way to Use Your knowledge Rights?To enact your rights in regard to your knowledge, merely contact Skrewdriver.net at contact@skrewdriver.net and address your concerns. we tend to encourage you to contact North American country if there’s a modification in your submitted knowledge so we will update it.1.7. Your Data RightsRight to Access – you’ll be able to request a replica of your Data, to update, modify, or delete it at any given moment.Right to Correct – you can request a correction of your Data if you notice it’s inaccurate.Right to Erase – you’ll be able to request the permanent deletion of your knowledge from our servers.Right to knowledge Portability – you can request the move, transfer, or copy of your Data.Right to Object – you can object North American country exploitation your Data.1.8. Ever-changing the Owner of the WebsiteIn case Skrewdriver.net changes its ownership because parts or the whole of the Website has been sold, or the business – expanded, the stored Data will be transferred where relevant. The new Owner gains the right to use the Data according to the applicable Terms and policies. We make everything necessary to make sure your Data and privacy protection are ensured if such a case occurs.