http://www.blankrome.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Effective Date: December 31, 2019
Your privacy is a priority for Blank Rome LLP (sometimes referred to as "Blank Rome," "us," or "we") and we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information relating to you, your computer, or your device and that enable your identification ("Personal Information"). This Privacy Statement describes our practices with information that we (or our service providers) collect from a user (sometimes referred to as "you" or "your") through our websites that link to this Privacy Statement (collectively, the "Site"). This Privacy Statement only addresses information collected directly through or from our Site – it does not address or govern any information-gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from you other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media.
By using the Site, you agree and consent to this Privacy Statement.
Blank Rome can be contacted at privacyoffice@blankrome.com.
1. Collection of Personal Information From Users
When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect information from you as described below.
a. Information you provide
We collect Personal Information that you knowingly choose to submit through the Site in order to benefit from specified features or to participate in certain activities, such as information that you knowingly provide when you contact us through the "Contact Us" portion of the Site or when you create an account on the Site or when you sign up for an email newsletter. For example, if you register for a Blank Rome event, you may provide us with information such as your name, telephone number, and email address. If you apply for a job with Blank Rome, you may submit your resume or other information through the Site. You may also choose to submit your profile and contact information to our Alumni Directory.
We may combine information you submit through the Site with other information we have collected from you, whether on-line or off-line. We treat the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
b. Location Information
Any comment system on the Site may utilize an opt-in Geolocation service in accordance with a prevailing community standard such as HTML 5. Such Geolocation opt-in ability is managed by the user’s browser settings. If a user chooses to opt-in to the Geolocation service, the user's comments may be associated with the user's location, both internally within Blank Rome and publicly on the Sites.
c. Passive Information Collection, Use, and Choices
Also, as you navigate the Site, certain Personal Information may be passively collected, meaning it is gathered without your actively providing it. This is done using the following techniques in the following ways:
IP Addresses: An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our Site.
Through your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type and operating system type and version screen resolution, and Internet browser type and version.
Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media tools, including social media widgets or plug-ins, to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may set a cookie or use other automatic collection and tracking technologies to collect information about you and your use of the social media features through and in connection with our Site. These social media tools may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these tools and the corresponding social media platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide such platforms.
Cookies: Like many companies, our Site may use "cookies" to help make sure the Site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. We may use cookies set by us on the Site to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor. We use third-party cookies set by our service providers to collect information about how visitors use the Site, including how long you spend on each page, and how you got to the Site. We do not use data collected by cookies to identify who you are. We do not allow our service providers to use or share our analytics data. Specifically, our service provider, Siteimprove, uses the following cookies if you use the Site:
Cookie name: nmstat
Cookie type: Persistent – expires after 1000 days
Domain: .blankrome.com
This cookie is used to help record your use of the Site. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when you last visited the Site. This information is then used to improve the user experience on the Site. This Siteimprove Analytics cookie contains a randomly generated ID used to recognize the browser when a visitor reads a page. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.
Cookie name: siteimproveses
Cookie type: Session cookie
Domain: .siteimprove.com
This cookie is used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the Site. This information can be used to reduce user journeys, and enable visitors to find relevant information quicker.
Cookie name: AddToAny _uvc
Cookie type: Persistent – expires after 236 days
Domain: .addtoany.com
This cookie is used to provide the social sharing functionality on our website.
Cookie name: cludoSessionId
Cookie type: Persistent. This cookie does not expire (local storage)
Domain: .cludo.com
This cookie connects user search-sessions across multiple requests.
Cookie name: cludoSessionIdStart
Cookie type: Persistent. This cookie does not expire (local storage)
Domain: .cludo.com
This cookie indicates the beginning of the current search-session.
You can refuse our use of some or all cookies by turning off the use of cookies in your web browser. If you use your browser settings to block all types of cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site or functionality may be limited.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies.
Changing your internet browser settings can prevent the use of cookies. Each browser has a different procedure for disabling the use of cookies. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may visit http://www.aboutcookies.org where you can review information on how to control cookies on a variety of browsers. You will also find details of how to delete cookies from your computer and other general information about cookies.
We do not track your behavior across third party websites. Our Site currently does not respond to "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals and we operate as described in this Privacy Statement whether or not a DNT signal is received, as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
d. Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send or otherwise disclose to us through the Site your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership. Where you provide us with such information, we reserve the right to erase any such information at our discretion.
e. Information About Minors
The Site is not intended for persons under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information online from persons in this age group. We reserve the right to delete any information identified as having been provided by such persons at our discretion.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use Personal Information submitted by you or otherwise collected through the Site and through other sources for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection. Generally, we use the information you provide to us for the reason for which it was provided. For example, if you sign up to receive email notifications, we will contact you by email. If you provide us with information to register for an event, we will use the information to process your registration. Specifically, we may use Personal Information from or about you:
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you alerts for which you have subscribed;
to send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, and other administrative information;
to notify you about upcoming events that may be of interest to you;
if you submit your contact and profile information to the Alumni Directory, we may use it to facilitate user searches of the Directory to find your contact and profile information, and to communicate with you about firm announcements and publications;
to promote our services, and the services of our affiliates; and
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, recordkeeping, developing new products or services, enhancing the Site, improving our services, identifying Site usage trends, personalizing your experience on the Site, and determining the effectiveness of our fundraising campaigns.
We may use any information that does not personally identify you, your computer, or your device, for any purpose.
3. Our Disclosure of Your Information
Blank Rome does not sell your Personal Information. We may share your Personal Information with third parties only as described in this Privacy Statement or as otherwise described at the point where we collect the information from you, including:
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement;
to the companies or individuals that we hire to provide services to us, such as website hosting services;
if you submit your contact and profile information to the Alumni Directory, your information may be shared with others who have registered for the Directory and Blank Rome has no control over how those individuals may use and disclose the information;
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
4. Uses and Disclosures to Comply with Laws
In addition, we use and disclose Personal Information collected through the Site as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iv) to enforce our terms and conditions; (v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
5. Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may contain links to other Web sites for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third party website from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. Blank Rome is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. Blank Rome does not control these third parties' use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.
6. Where Your Information is Processed
Blank Rome is based in the United States. No matter where you are located, you consent to the processing and transfer of your Personal Information in and to the United States and other countries. The laws of the United States and other countries governing data protection may not be as comprehensive or as protective as the laws in the country where you live.
7. Security
Blank Rome will take reasonable steps to protect the information collected and provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, you should understand that no transmission over the Internet is ever fully secure. Also, Blank Rome uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site is generally available. However, there will be occasions when access to the Site will be interrupted or unavailable. Blank Rome will use reasonable efforts to minimize such disruption where it is within its reasonable control. You agree that Blank Rome shall not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site.
8. Data Retention
We generally retain Personal Information for so long as it may be relevant for the purposes identified in this Privacy Statement or at the time the information is collected, unless a longer period of time is required by law.
9. Lawful Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
The laws in some countries require us to tell you about the lawful grounds we rely on to collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your Personal Information. To the extent those laws apply, our lawful bases for processing your Personal Information are:
To enter into and perform a contract with you: We may process Personal Information to meet our contractual obligations to you, or to take steps in anticipation of entering into a contract. For example, we process Personal Information on this basis to create an account or to prepare an engagement letter for legal services.
To comply with a legal obligation: We need to use and disclose Personal Information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
For our legitimate interests, where those interests are not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms: In many cases, we handle Personal Information because it furthers our legitimate business and charitable interests. This includes:
Providing a safe user experience on our Site;
Customer service;
Sending communications to you to let you know about information you have told us is important to you;
Protecting users, our workers, and our property;
Analyzing and improving our operations (e.g., optimizing the design and operation of our Site);
Processing job applications; and
Managing legal issues.
With your consent: Where permitted by law, we handle Personal Information on the basis of your implied or express consent.
Also, this Privacy Statement is issued on behalf of Blank Rome LLP as controller of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws. A "controller" is the person or organization who alone or jointly determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any Personal Information is, or is likely to be, processed.
10. Your Data Rights and Choices
You can unsubscribe from certain emails by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link they contain. You can opt-out of the use of certain cookie-related processing by following the instructions in Section 1(e) above (Passive Information Collection, Use, and Choices).
The laws in some countries may give you particular rights with respect to your Personal Information, including the right to access the Personal Information that we maintain, and the right to object to certain processing of Personal Information by Blank Rome. If you would like to submit a data access, correction, restriction, or deletion request, or if you would like to object to certain processing, you can do so by contacting us by email at privacyoffice@blankrome.com and we will process such request with respect to any Personal Information that we are able to link to you individually based on the information that you can provide to us. These rights and options that you have with respect to Personal Information are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, if you live in certain jurisdictions, you have the right to submit a complaint to your relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first by emailing privacyoffice@blankrome.com and we will try to resolve your concerns.
11. Right to Change Privacy Statement
Blank Rome reserves the right at any time to modify, alter, or update this Privacy Statement. Your use of the Site following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Statement as changed, subject to limitations under applicable law. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any user who has visited the Site before the change was made. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Information to us. The Privacy Statement was last updated on the date indicated above.
12. Contacting Us
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our information practices. You may contact us as follows:
Blank Rome LLP
c/o Privacy Officer
One Logan Square
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Email: privacyoffice@blankrome.com
Toll Free: 1-833-BROPTOUT (833-276-7868)
Find an Attorney
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z