https://www.jml.ca/terms-of-use/
Home
About JML
Clients
Practice Areas
Lawyers
Links
Publications
Contact
Terms and Conditions of Use
The Information on this Website
The information we provide on the website is general in nature and is not intended as legal advice. You must contact legal counsel to obtain appropriate advice in relation to any legal issues you may have.
Outdated Information
The law can change frequently. Accordingly, the material posted on this site may no longer be current by the time you read it. The firm does not warrant the currency or accuracy of any of the written material provided on this site and you should not rely on it without first obtaining advice from counsel.
Privileged and Confidential Information
Until we are formally retained by you, any information you provide to us cannot be considered privileged or confidential.
Links
Any links provided by us on our website are for convenience only. We accept no responsibility or liability for any of the information contained on the linked sites.
Release from Liability
By entering and using our site, you agree to release the firm, its partners, contractors, agents, and employees from any liability whatsoever with respect to any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your use of our website.
Privacy
Jenkins Marzban Logan has developed this site as an electronic resource with respect to our organization. We are committed to providing our visitors with a website that respects their privacy. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices with respect to our Web site. We do not gather personal information such as your name, phone number, or e-mail address unless you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via e-mail, fax or regular mail. Any personal information you do provide is protected under the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act (PIPEDA) or British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act.
This Web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to examine each site’s privacy policy and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found.
For questions or comments regarding this policy, please contact reception@jml.ca.
Copyright
Jenkins Marzban Logan LLP has the copyright relating to all of the contents and information on this website. None of the material or information may be reproduced in any form for commercial purposes without the prior express written consent of Jenkins Marzban Logan LLP.
© 2010 Jenkins Marzban Logan LLP. All rights reserved.
Tel: 604 681 6564 |
Search for:
Sitemap  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Jenkins Marzban Logan. All rights reserved.