https://www.tridelta.org/terms
Donate
My Tri Delta
Our Story
Tri Delta Today
LEADDD Now
Philanthropy
History and Archives
Distinguished Deltas
Executive Office
Our Members
Collegians
Alumnae
Volunteers
Find a Chapter
Lifelong Learning
Events
#WithDDD
Housing
Living Experience
COVID-19 Housing Resources
Housing Support
Housing Careers
Foundation
Ways to Give
Scholarships
Emergency Assistance
Transformational Programming
The Trident
Terms and Conditions of Use
Delta Delta Delta (Tri Delta) offers members and non-members a wide range of content and information via our Website and The Trident Digital Magazine. By using these sites, you are agreeing to accept and comply with the terms and conditions of use as stated below.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS NOTICE, YOU ARE HEREBY INSTRUCTED NOT TO ACCESS OR UTILIZE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THESE SITES, OR TO SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THESE SITES.
All materials and services on these sites and any third-party sites are provided “as is” without warranty or representations of any kind. Changes are periodically made to the information in these sites, and Tri Delta may make improvements and/or changes at any time. With respect to the materials and services contained on these sites and in linked sites directly or indirectly accessible from the site, Tri Delta makes no representations and disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to: warranties of title, noninfringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose regarding the suitability of the information; the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the content, services, products, text, graphics, links, or other items contained within these sites; or the results obtained from accessing and using these sites and/or the content contained herein. Tri Delta does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites, including the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. The user assumes the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction.
LIMITED RIGHT TO USE
The Website and our Digital Magazine are owned and operated by Tri Delta. Unless otherwise specified, all materials on these sites are the property of Tri Delta and are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and throughout the world. You may use, view, print, and/or download the materials from these sites solely for your personal, informational, or non-commercial use within your organization, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. No materials published by Tri Delta on these sites, in whole or in part, may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Tri Delta. The use of any such materials on any other Website or networked computer environment or for any other purpose is strictly prohibited and such unauthorized use may violate copyright, trademark and other similar laws.  All materials, including graphic images, buttons, layout and text posted on the site are subject to copyrights owned by Tri Delta and other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any graphic images, materials or documents found on the site is expressly prohibited, unless Tri Delta or the copyright owner of the material has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit, or republish the material. All other rights are reserved. The names, trademarks, service marks and logos appearing on these sites may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate Tri Delta’s sponsorship of, or affiliation with, any product or service, without Tri Delta’s prior express written permission. Any company logos on these sites are the exclusive property of the respective entities, and are used with their permission.
TRADEMARKS
The contents of all material available on these Internet sites are copyrighted by Tri Delta unless otherwise indicated. All rights are reserved by Tri Delta, and content may not be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of  Tri Delta. Tri Delta members may download pages or other content for their own non-commercial use for non-monetary purposes, consistent with the Purpose of Tri Delta.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES’ WEB SITES
Third party links are included solely for the convenience of our members and other users. Tri Delta is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of Tri Delta. Tri Delta does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external sites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Any opinions, advice, services, or other information made available by third parties either via third party links or contributed articles in Tri Delta publications are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of Tri Delta.
MODIFICATION
Tri Delta shall have the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove terms of this agreement or the sites at any time. Notification of any such changes may be made herein, but is not guaranteed. Changes shall be effective immediately, and subsequent use by you of the site shall constitute your acceptance of them.
INDEMNITY/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Tri Delta be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or other damages, including but not limited to loss of data or lost profits, that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in these sites. As a condition of use of these sites, the user agrees to indemnify Tri Delta and its members and suppliers from and against any and all liabilities, expenses and damages arising out of claims resulting from user’s use of these sites, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by user of these terms and conditions. If you are dissatisfied with any material on these sites, or with any of terms and conditions for using these sites, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using these sites.
SECURITY
Tri Delta operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our members or customers.
CONTACTING THE WEBSITE
Any changes to our privacy commitment and policy will be posted here. While we do not anticipate changes to this policy frequently, we do suggest you review our policy and commitment from time to time. This will ensure that you will have complete knowledge of our information practices as they might affect you and your use of the Website and The Trident Digital Magazine. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of these sites, or your dealings with these sites, you can contact: info@trideltaeo.org.
SOFTWARE LICENSES
You acknowledge that any software available or provided to you on this Website and The Trident Digital Magazine may contain technology that is subject to strict controls by various agencies of the United States Government pursuant to United States export control laws and regulations. You hereby agree that you will not transfer or export such software from the United States (including, for example, providing such software to any foreign person or entity in the United States) or re-export such software outside the United States in violation of United States export laws and regulations. Tri Delta does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this Website to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States export controls laws and regulations.
COOKIES
The site uses cookies to enhance your on-line experience. A ‘cookie’ is nothing more than a small file that your Web browser will place on your hard drive. It allows us to remember you and keep track of preferences and passwords. The cookie itself does not contain personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Tri Delta uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described in the Tri Delta Privacy Policy).
CONTENT DISCLAIMER
The content of articles contained in The Trident and other Tri Delta publications solely reflect the personal opinions of the authors or contributors and do not necessarily represent the official position of Tri Delta.  Content cannot be reprinted without the written permission of Tri Delta. Comments, ideas and other online submissions to the site reflect the opinion of the submitter and do not represent the official position of Tri Delta. Content cannot be reprinted without the written permission of Tri Delta and the submitter.
ARCHIVE MATERIAL DISCLAIMER
Archived materials located on this site contain information believed to be accurate when produced and posted, but that may have been superseded by subsequent events and the passage of time. These materials are available as archives, but Tri Delta cautions that these are not reviewed or updated, and disclaims any intent or undertaking to do so. By viewing these archived materials, you acknowledge that you understand this cautionary statement.
LINKING TO TRI DELTA
Please e-mail your linking request to info@trideltaeo.org and include the URL of the page from which you would establish the link. Tri Delta does not allow the use of its content on another Web site without its permission and does not allow its content to be “framed” by another site (you may not link to a Tri Delta Web page inside HTML frames so that the content appears to be part of your site). A link to Tri Delta´s Web site may not be used in the context of an endorsement for any information on your Web site, any company products and/or services, or any situation that is in conflict with the Purpose of Tri Delta.
PAYMENT TERMS
By submitting a donation, ordering a subscription or placing an order on these sites, you authorize Tri Delta or its agent to collect payment from your credit card for all charges you incur.
Executive Office
817.633.8001
14951 N. Dallas Pkwy. Suite 500
Dallas, Texas 75254
Contact Us
My Tri Delta
Your personal dashboard to access, update and customize your Tri Delta experience.
Login
Connect With Us