http://www.louisvilledivorce.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
News
Our Team
Diana L. Skaggs
Elizabeth M. Howell
Emily T. Cecconi
Nathan R. Hardymon
Practice Areas
Blog
Contact Us
Referring Attorneys
(502) 562-0050·consult@louisvilledivorce.com ·Mon - Fri 8:30 - 5:00Schedule a Consultation
Privacy Policy
Diana L. Skaggs + Partners, PLLC is committed to protecting privacy. We comply with our rules of professional conduct, which impose a duty to preserve and protect confidential client information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
If you
contact us by email or using our form, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We retain contact form submissions for
customer service purposes, but we do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Confidentiality, Security, and Retention of Personal Information
We do not store personally identifiable information on our website. If you wish to obtain more details on our information practices, please contact us at the address or telephone number listed below.
Cookie Policy
Word Press
We will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use cookies to collect information about your use of our website. This includes obtaining analytics from third parties regarding the total numbers of users to our sites.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. We utilize Google Analytics. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, we use web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Security Logs
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 60 days.
Do Not Track Signals
“Do Not Track” signals are options available on your browser to tell operators of websites that you do not wish to have your online activity tracked.
Children
Our site does not not knowingly collect, maintain or process personal information submitted online by anyone under the age of 18.
Changes
We reserve the right to change this Statement at any time without advance notice.
Contact Us
Diana L. Skaggs + Partners, PLLC · 623 W. Main Street · Louisville, KY · 40202 · Tel: (502) 562-0050 · Fax: (502) 582-3523
Our website address is: https://www.louisvilledivorce.com
Effective: July 1, 2020
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok