https://www.dunblanecathedral.org.uk/page/294/dunblane-cathedral-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home Page
For Fun
Dunblane Cathedral Magazine
External Links
Bible Links
Church Building Links
Genealogy Links
Local Links
Music Links
National Links
International Relief Links
Youth Links (External)
Media Links
Our Church
Services of Worship
On-Line Services
Morning Worship
Family Service
Evening Services
Holy Communion
Sacrament of Baptism
Marriage
Funeral Services
Supporting Us
Supporting the Church
Joining the Church
Giving
Comments & Blogs
Contact Us
Important Church Contacts
Alphabetical Contacts (Email)
Location
Safeguarding & Data Protection Policies
On-Line Donations - Terms & Conditions
Organisations
Kirk Session
Kirk Session Committees
Adult Education Committee
Communications Group
Communicating with Local Media
Cathedral Logo
Who Does What within Cathedral Communications
Development Fund Committee
Eco Congregation Group
Fellowship Committee
Finance Team
Management Committee
Management Committee Constitution
Music Committee
Pastoral Care
Stewardship Committee
Youth Committee
Cathedral Organisations
Badminton Club
Cathedral Youth Organisations
Creche
Little Stars
Superstars
Megastars
Revelation Youth Group
Change Ringers
Choir
Cockburn Coffee Lounge
Connect
Dunblane Community Lunch Club
Flower Diary
The Guild
Handbell Ringers
Indoor Bowling Club
Associated Organisations
Arts Guild
Bible Society
Boys' Brigade
Anchor Boys
Junior Section
Company & Senior Section
Council of Churches
Dunblane Museum
Dunblane Likhubula Partnership
Girls' Brigade
Guides
Leighton Library
Society of Friends of Dunblane Cathedral
Journal of Society of Friends of Dunblane Cathedral
Journal Contents Lists
Start Up Stirling
Traidcraft
Events
Music
Arts Guild
Change Ringers
The Choir
Cool Music
Handbell Ringers
Handbell Groups for Children
Performance Highlights of Handbell Ensembles
Handbell Instruments
Friends of Dunblane Cathedral Handbell Ringers
The Flentrop Organ
Cathedral Halls
Conditions of Use of Halls Facilities
Letting Rates
Main Hall
St Andrews Hall
Leighton Room
Helen Lamb Room
Cockburn Lounge
Janet Wallace Room
Ritchie Room
Hall Bookings
The Cathedral
Historical Introduction to the Cathedral
360° Views of the Cathedral
Picture Gallery
Virtual Tour
The Chapter House
The Choir
The Nave
The North Aisle
The South Aisle
The Tower
Take a Minute
Animals
Candlemas
Explorers
New Year
Tables
Towers
Trees
Search
Technical Corner
We are updating our website design to improve the experience on our site.
Dunblane Cathedral Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Dunblane Cathedral Church of Scotland, Registered Scottish Charity: Number
SC004454
(the “Congregation”)
Purpose of this Notice
This Privacy Notice outlines the way in which the Congregation will use personal information provided to us. Personal information includes any information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number.
The Congregation recognises the importance of your privacy and personal information and we have therefore outlined below how we use, disclose and protect this information. The Congregation, jointly with the Presbytery of Stirling is the data controller, because we decide how your data are processed and for what purpose. Contact details for us are provided below.
How we use information
We use the information you give to us:
to administer membership records, including a Communion Roll and Supplementary Roll;
for pastoral care purposes;
in relation to participation in Congregational activities ;
to provide you with information about news, events, and activities within the Congregation or the wider Church of Scotland;
to provide the services of a parish church to the local community;
to fulfill contractual or other legal obligations;
to manage our employees;
to further our charitable aims, for example through fundraising activities;
to maintain our accounts and records (including the processing of Gift Aid applications);
if CCTV is in place we have this for the prevention and detection of crime.
Disclosure of information
The Congregation will only share your personal information where this is necessary for the purposes set out above. Information will not be shared with any third party outwith the Church of Scotland without your consent unless we are obliged or permitted to do so by law.
Basis for processing personal information
The Congregation processes your information in the course of its legitimate activities, with appropriate safeguards in place, as a not-for-profit body with a religious aim and on the basis that our processing relates solely to members, former members or people who have regular contact with us, and that this information is not disclosed to any third party without your consent.
We also process information where this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; where processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms; and where you have given consent to the processing of your information for a particular purpose.
Storage and security of personal information
The Congregation will strive to ensure that personal information is accurate and held in secure and confidential environment. We will keep your personal information for as long as you are a member or adherent or have regular contact with us or so long as we are obliged to keep it by law or may need it in order to respond to any questions or complaints or to show that we treated you fairly. We may also keep it for statistical purposes but if so we will only use it for that purpose. When the information is no longer needed it will be securely destroyed or permanently rendered anonymous. [Further information about our data retention policy is available on the Dunblane Cathedral website at www.dunblanecathedral.org.uk.]
Getting a copy of your personal information
You can request details of the personal information which the Congregation holds about you by contacting us using the contact details given below.
Inaccuracies and Objections
If you believe that any information the Congregation holds about you is incorrect or incomplete or if you do not wish your personal information to be held or used by us please let us know. Any information found to be incorrect will be corrected as quickly as possible. You have the right to object to our use of your personal information, or to ask us to remove or stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep or use your data, but please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
If we are processing your data on the basis of your explicit consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us if you want to do so.
Contact us
You can contact us by getting in touch with the Dunblane Cathedral Data Protection Officer at DPO@dunblanecathedral.org.uk.
How to complain
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about anything relating to the processing of your personal information by the Congregation. You can contact the ICO via its website at www.ico.org.uk or at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.