http://www.lincolnfoodbank.org/privacy-policy
Services
Overview
Health & Hunger Resources
Mobile Produce & Lincoln Fresh
Youth & Family
Summer Food for Kids
Our Partners
Commodity Supplemental Food Program (CSFP)
SNAP
MyLNK App
Classes
Get Food
Food Distribution Schedule
Give Help
Overview
Donate Dollars
Donate Food
Volunteer
About
Overview
Stories of Change
Team
News & Publications
Careers
Donate Now
Events
Partner Agencies
Contact
Home
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Thank you for your support of the Food Bank of Lincoln’s mission to alleviate hunger in Souhteast Nebraska. We promise to maintain your privacy. As such, we invite you to know and understand the Food Bank’s privacy policies.
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
This policy applies to all information received by Food Bank of Lincoln, Inc., both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes the Food Bank of Lincoln website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Online Information Collection and Use
Because this website accepts donations online, we will ask for information that must remain private. We collect names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information.
The Food Bank of Lincoln Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not under any circumstances sell, share or rent your information in ways other than what we disclose in this statement.
What do we do with this information?
Any personal information collected by the Food Bank of Lincoln Inc. will be used to fulfill donations. We may also use your email and or mailing address to send you information about the Food Bank, including upcoming events, programs, and projects.
Non-personally identifiable data may be used in collective form to better understand how our site is being used, and how we might improve its design.
No information that we collect will be disclosed to third parties unless in response to a legal claim or law enforcement agency’s request.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. They do not contain personally identifiable information. Cookies help the Food Bank provide a more seamless usage for visitors to our site. An example: with a cookie for our site, a viewer would not have to log in with a password more than once, saving the viewer time while moving about the site. If a visitor rejects the cookie, there may be areas of our website that will be restricted. Cookies help us track usage, enabling us to better understand how visitors are using our site.
Links
The Food Bank website provides you with links to related web sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for privacy practices at other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Email and Postal Mail From the Food Bank of Lincoln
Registered visitors are automatically subscribed to our email and U.S. Postal mail newsletters about the Food Bank unless they opt out during the registration process. Website visitors can unsubscribe or cancel reception of promotional information by contacting us by e-mail, or by phone.
Send an email to Michaella Kumke at the Food Bank at mkumke@lincolnfoodbank.org.
Call Michaella Kumke at the Food Bank, (402) 466-8170, ext. 108.
Security
Every effort is made to keep your personal and credit card information safe while using this web site. Our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure online commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Feedback
We are interested in your feedback about our web site. If you have suggestions, ideas, or criticisms, please send an email to mkumke@lincolnfoodbank.org . Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to suggestions.
Correcting, Updating, or Accessing Personal Information
If a visitor’s personally identifiable information changes, such as email address, or mailing address, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will do our best to provide a way to correct, update, or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.
Personal information may be updated by contacting the Food Bank by:
Email Michaella Kumke at mkumke@lincolnfoodbank.org.
Call Michaella Kumke at (402) 466-8170, ext. 108.
Thank you for visiting the web site of the Food Bank of Lincoln, Inc. If you have any questions about the Food Bank, or the web site, please call Scott Young, Executive Director, (402) 466-8170, ext. 105.