http://www.cahs-pets.org/privacypolicy
Adopt
Adopt Your Pet
Dogs
Cats
Other
VOLUNTEER
Get Involved
Foster Care
Group Volunteer
Host A Fundraiser
Fan Club
Give
LEARN
In the Know
Dog Training
Shelter to Shelter
Resources
Help
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyColumbus Humane is committed to respecting your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit the CAHS web site without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. However, because our web site includes areas in which visitors can provide personal identifying information, we have developed this privacy policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.This privacy policy relates to the URL www.columbushumane.org. This web site is operated by Columbus Humane for the benefit of its members and other visitors interested in helping animals. CHS reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes to this privacy policy will be preceded by a notice posted to this privacy policy at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of such change.How We Collect Information About YouInformation You Voluntarily Provide. Columbus Humane collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you make a donation, subscribe to our online newsletter or become a member. Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. You may be asked to provide credit card information to make a gift or become a member of Columbus Humane.Other InformationWe also collect other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our web site. This information includes your IP address and your domain name. We log these IP addresses and domain names, and aggregate them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed and various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us provide a more useful and engaging online experience to our visitors and helps us to improve the quality of our web content.Columbus Humane uses cookies in order to make the results available for your on-site searches. Cookies are not used for any other reason on this site. A cookie is a small file that is sent out by a web site, accepted by the user's browser, and placed on the user's hard drive. You can always set your browser to warn of cookies being placed, and then choose which cookies you want to accept. Columbus Humane does not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have voluntarily submitted to us.Ways Information About You Is UsedWe may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding animal-related issues we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding our programs, and to extend an invitation to you to support our programs. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily "opt out" of future communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we provide.OtherThe web site includes links to other web sites not affiliated with Columbus Humane. We attempt to link only to those web sites which also respect a visitor's privacy. However, Columbus Humane cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party web sites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites to which Columbus Humane currently links, please inform us by contacting: webmaster@columbushumane.org.SecurityCHS uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies to protect against unauthorized access to CAHS servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence. This includes using third-party vendors with industry-standard security systems to protect credit card processing information.Contacting COLUMBUS HUMANEIf you would like to contact Columbus Humane about correcting information we might have collected, or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail us at webmaster@columbushumane.org.
There’s one sure way to stay connected to our work. Sign up today.
Thanks for becoming a part of #WeMakeColumbusHumane!
ADOPTION HOURSMonday - Friday
2pm - 7pmSaturday - Sunday
12pm - 5pmANIMAL SUPPORT CENTERAppointments are available from 11am-6pm M-F and 9am-4pm Sat-Sun. Same day appointments may be available. The entrance to the Animal Support Center is located at the side of the building. Call (614) 777 - 7387 for an appointment.GENERAL CONTACTPhone (614) 777 - 7387 (Our Call Center is open from 9am-5pm)Fax (614) 777 - 8449questions@columbushumane.org3015 Scioto Darby Executive Ct, Hilliard, OH 43026
Any size gift makes a difference for the animals in our care
Give Now