https://www.osceolasheriff.org/privacy-policy-3/
Privacy PolicyThe purpose of this privacy policy is to make users of www.osceolasheriff.org aware of how information is gathered on this website and how it may be used.
Be aware that information you submit to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office  (“OCSO”) via this website may be legally deemed public information under the laws of the State of Florida. In some cases, we may be required to disclose such information to third parties in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
Information Collection:
We collect and store statistical information that tracks the usage of our website. This includes, but is not limited to, the number of visitors to the site, the specific areas they visit, the name and domain of the host from which a user accesses the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of a user’s computer, and the user’s browser software/operating system. This information does not personally identify a user.
From time to time, we may set and access “cookies” on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Email:
By sending us an Email message, you may be sending us personal information (e.g., your name, address, Email address, etc.). This information may be disclosed to others in accordance with the public records law and other legal requirements. We may store this information in order to respond to the request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of your Email. If you choose not to provide us with your name or other information, it may be impossible for us to respond to or investigate the issue about which you contacted us.
Email is not necessarily secure against interception and may be subject to public information disclosure requirements.
Forms and Other Online Submissions:
The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office may ask visitors who request certain specific information to fill out an online form. For example, if you are applying for employment by using an online form, you will be asked to provide your name, address and other personal data. From time to time, other information may be collected through questionnaires, feedback forms or other means that enable us to determine a user’s interests and needs, help us improve our website, or for other purposes.
Information Sharing:
We may share personally identifying information with The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office departments and personnel, other law enforcement or government agencies, other third parties in the course of carrying out our normal business operations and in accordance with Florida law. We may disclose information about inmates, wanted suspects, missing persons, etc. as required in the normal course of our duties. We do not rent or sell personal information about users.
Links to Other (third party) Websites:
Our website contains links to information located on websites maintained by other public agencies and private organizations. Once you access an individual document that links you to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the website containing that document.
Accessing Public Information:
You have certain rights regarding accessing the public information we collect on this website. Contact The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office through the contact form or telephone number noted on our website for more information.
Disclaimer of Liability:
OCSO is neither responsible nor liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system nor for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of the website or with respect to the material contained on the website, including without limitation, any material posted on the website. The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office attempts to maintain the highest accuracy of content on this website. Any errors or omissions should be reported to The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. This website AND ALL MATERIALS CONTAINED ON IT ARE DISTRIBUTED AND TRANSMITTED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER THE MATERIAL IS PROVIDED BY The Osceola County Sheriff’s Office, OR A THIRD PARTY.
Menu
Until further notice, the lobby will be closed and fingerprint services suspended. If you need to speak to someone during business hours, please press the red call button on the wall outside of the lobby doors and a staff member will assist you.