https://www.marsdengroup.com/privacy-policy/
Marsden Corporate Policies
Diversity Monitoring
Attracting a diverse pool of talented individuals within the legal sector is a key priority for law firms and corporates.  Once registered with us we request prospective candidates complete a Diversity Monitoring form and return it to us.
We and our clients are committed to ensuring that all prospective applicants are treated equally, without discrimination because of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability or age. The monitoring form is intended to help us maintain equal opportunities best practice and together with our clients identify barriers to workforce equality and diversity.
The information on the form will be used for monitoring purposes only and will not be used in any decision affecting you. All information supplied will be treated in the strictest confidence. It will not be placed with our records in relation to you, and will not be passed to our clients, other than in the form of  aggregate data. It will be held in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Notice
Marsden International Legal Search Limited is a UK company (05173876 ). We trade as Marsden Legal Search & Recruitment and we are often referred to as Marsden or Marsden Group. Marsden International Legal Search Limited also has an in-house division called Marsden In-house and is a 100% owner of Marsden International FZ-LLZ. Marsden International Legal Search Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company called Cornhill Bond Consulting Limited (12075967). Cornhill Bond Consulting Limited also owns Marsden International Pty Ltd and Marsden International Limited (“Marsden”) as well as Deacon Search Limited (4395941).
Marsden is a global specialist recruitment organisation. We have offices in London, Sydney, Brisbane, Dubai and Toronto. We provide temporary and permanent recruitment services predominantly in the legal sector.
Marsden (“We” “us” ‘our”) are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy and security of those with whom we interact. We aim to comply with best practice and local privacy legislation in all jurisdictions in which we operate including, without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”). Our privacy notice may be subject to amendment in accordance with the domestic law requirements of the jurisdictions in which we operate and we may issue additional notices in those jurisdictions.
We will review our privacy notice from time to time to take account of changes in law, technology, and in our businesses to make sure it remains appropriate to the changing environment. Any information we hold will be subject to the current version of the privacy notice.
This privacy notice is intended to tell you how we use your personal information and describes how we collect and use your personal information during and after your relationship with us. Where you provide us with your personal information whether in person, by email, through our websites or via any other method (including via LinkedIn and other professional networking sites), you consent to the collection and use of this information by us.
What Is Personal Information?
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Information about you for example and not limited to:
Candidates: as described above in Personal Information
Clients: name, title, contact details and employers name
Suppliers: name, date of dealings, order forms, invoices, bank account details
How Is Your Personal Information Collected?
Information you give us
You may give us Personal Information about you for example when you first register with us.  Or by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.  “e.g. name, address, phone number, employer details past and present, a cv personal description and photographs, work performance, education and training, and any other information that you may decide to give us.
Sensitive data: We may need to collect and process sensitive Personal Information about you which may include details of any disability. You are at liberty to decline to provide any of the sensitive Personal Information we request.
We may ask you to complete a Diversity Monitoring Form as part of our and our clients commitment to diversity.  If we ask you to complete a diversity monitoring form, any information provided is given voluntarily and on an anonymous basis for statistical analysis. We do not store any such data with your records.
We may undertake analysis about diversity for our own purposes and report such information to our clients.
Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
Information we receive from other sources
We may, with your consent, seek Personal Information about you from a third party (including from your previous employer and named referees included on your registration or CV), or by other public means.
We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors (including IT consultants), and may receive information about you from them.
We collect Personal Information from public sources such as professional networking sites including Linkedin, law firm websites and professional bodies.
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); services you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our contact numbers.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use your Personal Information we collect for the following purposes:
to provide recruitment services to you where you are interested in an available position or where you have otherwise agreed we may disclose it (we may pass your Personal Information to employers and/or our affiliates outside the UK),
for business purposes, legal obligations, training and quality purposes;
to administer our site and for internal operations, including data analysis, service improvement, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of any advertising, and to deliver relevant advertising and marketing to you;
“Personal Information” for the purposes of this privacy notice consists of any information that relates to you and/or information from which you can be identified, directly or indirectly. For example; your name postal address, e-mail address, skype address, phone number, personal description and photographs, details of your current and previous employment history, salary information, work performance, education and training, passport and visa status, location data, or to one or more factors specific to your physical, economic, cultural or social identity.
The law allows us to use the Personal Information as set out above on the basis that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or we are acting in our “legitimate interests” for example for the purposes of effective business management.
Combining Personal Information
We may combine the Personal Information that we collect from you (including information received from our affiliates and clients) to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Market Mapping
In keeping with the recruitment industry search practices, we regularly conduct legal market mapping exercises using public Personal Information from websites such as LinkedIn, law firm websites and professional bodies such as the Law Society website. We use this information to create potential longlists for search assignments and may store this on our database under the category of mapping and in password protected longlists. Should mapped subjects choose to engage with us in respect of one or more opportunities and provide further Personal Information such as a cv etc, and become active candidates, they will be informed of their rights in respect of Personal Information.
To Whom Do We Disclosure Your Information?
We will only use your Personal Information for our internal business purposes, some of which are mentioned above. However, we may disclose your information to the following entities;
Clients, business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors who help us provide our services, who perform functions on our behalf or who also provide services to us, such as professional advisors, IT consultants carrying out testing and development work on our business technology systems and research.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
Other companies within our group as they may be dealing with vacancies that may be of interest to you.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties:
If Marsden or any part thereof or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Information held by it about its clients will be one of the transferred assets.
In order to describe our services to prospective partners, clients and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors and applicants – in such cases these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
If required to do so by law, a court order or by a regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect, defend or enforce our rights to carry out our obligations; to provide you with the information, and services that you request from us.
To notify you about changes to our service
What We Do To Keep Your Information Secure?
We have put in place appropriate physical and technical measures to safeguard the Personal Information we collect in connection with our services.  In addition, we limit access to your Personal Information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.  However, please note that although we take appropriate steps to protect your Personal Information, no website, product device, online application or transmission of data, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information.
Our database, email and devices are all password protected, we have an IT/Office Policy in relation to Personal Information and IT/Office protocol. Our systems are hosted on an ICloud server and we are bound by their security protocols. Our London office has finger print access security. All confidential information is kept in lockable cupboards and confidential paper documents are shredded.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all liability and responsibility for any damages you may suffer due to any loss, unauthorised access, misuse or alterations of any information you submit to the website or our platform.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, platform or our service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
International Transfer Of Information
The Personal Information that we collect from you may be stored and processed in your region, or transferred to, stored at or otherwise processed outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including but not limited to Australia, UAE, USA, Canada, South Africa or in any other country where Marsden or Affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities.
By using or participating in any Service and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you acknowledge that we will collect, transfer, store and process your Personal Information outside of the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is kept secure and treated in accordance with this privacy notice and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located. Where we transfer your Personal Information outside the EEA to other countries, we will ensure that appropriate transfer agreements and mechanisms (such as the EU Model Clauses) are in place to help ensure that our third-party service providers provide an adequate level of protection to your Personal Information. We will only transfer your Personal Information outside the EEA in accordance with applicable laws or where you have given us your consent to do so.
Data Retention – How Long We Will Store/Keep Your Personal Information?
We will review the Personal Information we process to ensure that it is up to date, accurate and not held for longer than necessary for our internal processes or as otherwise required by law. You are asked to help us to keep your Personal Information accurate by informing us of any changes such as to your name or change of address. When your Personal Information is no longer required it will be deleted and/or returned to you in accordance with applicable law.
Accessing Your Personal Information And Other Rights You Have
We will collect, store and process your Personal Information in accordance with your rights under any applicable data protection laws. Under certain circumstances, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Information:
Subject Access– you have the right to request details of the Personal Information which  we hold about you and copies of such Personal Information.
Right to Withdraw Consent – where our use of your Personal Information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.  In the event you wish to withdraw your consent to processing, please contact us using the details provided below.
Data Portability– you may, in certain circumstances, request us to port (i.e. transmit) your Personal Information directly to another organisation.
Rectification– we want to ensure that the Personal Information about you that we hold is accurate and up to date. If you think that any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know. To the extent required by applicable laws, we will rectify or update any incorrect or inaccurate Personal Information about you.
Erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)– you have the right to have your Personal Information ‘erased’ in certain specified situations.
Restriction of processing– you have the right in certain specified situations to require us to stop processing your Personal Information and to only store such Personal Information.
Object to processing– You have the right to object to specific types of processing of your Personal Information, such as, where we are processing your Personal Information for the purposes of direct marketing.
Prevent automated decision-taking– in certain circumstances, you have the right not to be subject to decisions being taken solely based on automated processing.
Enforcing Your Rights
If you wish to enforce any of your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws, then please contact us at privacyofficer@marsdengroup.com. We will respond to your request without undue delay and no later than one month from receipt of any such request, unless a longer period is permitted by applicable Data Protection Laws, and we may charge a reasonable fee for dealing with your request which we will notify to you. Please note that we will only charge a fee where we are permitted to do so by applicable Data Protection Laws.
Complaints
If you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights under applicable Data Protection Laws, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.gov.uk) which is the data protection regulator in the UK. Alternatively, if you are based outside the UK, you may contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
Third Party Links And Products
Our websites, applications and products may contain links to other third-party websites that are not operated by Marsden and our websites may contain applications that you can download from third parties. These linked sites and applications are not under Marsden’s control and as such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any linked websites and online applications. If you choose to use any third-party websites or applications, any Personal Information collected by the third party’s website or application will be controlled by the Data Protection Notice of that third party. We strongly recommend that you take the time to review the privacy policies of any third parties to which you provide Personal Information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, for use when you return to a page/website that you visited before.
We do operate cookies on our website but we don’t collect this data for third parties or for advertising purposes.
Your Choices – for example Marketing
We may use your Personal Information such as your contact details e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number to send to you marketing related correspondence. When we process your Personal Information for marketing purposes we do so on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests to do so. This allows us to suggest other jobs to you alongside the specific one you applied for, significantly increasing the likelihood of us finding you a new position.
We do not share Personal Information with unrelated third parties without express consent (i.e. outside of our group of companies).
We may also use your Personal Information to personalise and to target more effectively our marketing communications to ensure, to the extent possible, that any marketing related correspondence is relevant to you.
To opt-out of receiving marketing related correspondence at any time from Marsden, please contact us or click “Unsubscribe” on the correspondence you receive from us.
Changes To Our Privacy Notice
Any changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact Us For Further Information
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy notice should be addressed to Dharshy Shan privacyofficer@marsdengroup.com
Global Offices
London Contact Details
Marsden London
First Floor,
46 Bow Lane,
London,
United Kingdom
EC4M 9DL
Email: london@marsdengroup.com
Tel: +44 (0)20 3326 0840
Contact Marsden London
Sydney Contact Details
Marsden Sydney
Level 6,
14 Martin Place
Sydney
NSW 2000
Australia
Email: sydney@marsdengroup.com
Tel: +61 (0)2 8014 9050
Contact Marsden Sydney
Dubai Contact Details
Marsden Dubai
Office 3, Floor 3,
Block 18 Business Centre.
Dubai Knowledge Park.
Dubai, PO Box 50221,
UAE
Email: dubai@marsdengroup.com
Tel: +971 (0)4 568 3824
Contact Marsden Dubai
Brisbane Contact Details
Marsden Brisbane
Level 7
190 Edward street
Brisbane
Qld. 4000
Australia
Email: brisbane@marsdengroup.com
Tel: +61 (0)439 396 626
Contact Marsden Brisbane
Toronto Contact Details
Marsden Toronto
130 King Street West
Suite 1800
Toronto Ontario
M5X 1E3
Canada
Email: toronto@marsdengroup.com
Tel: +1 416 364 6381
Contact Marsden Toronto
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept.
Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled