https://www.censustools.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarGenealogy spreadsheets to record, preserve, and archive research dataSite Tagline RightFacebookPinterestTwitterDownload the 1940 Template Files for FREE!TERMS AND CONDITIONSTHESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.  PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY.The following terms (“Terms of Use”) constitute an agreement between M.A. Kelley And Company, Inc. (“Company”), and you that governs your use of this website and all of its associated services, content, and functionality. This policy applies to the website administered by Company (the “Website”), located at https://www.censustools.com/. Company, owner and operator of the Website, is a corporation formed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, United States.Your use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of, and agreement to, the following Terms of Use. Company reserves the right to modify, alter, amend, or update its Website, policies and these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use are subject to change without notice. If you do not agree with or do not accept any part of these Terms of Use, you must not use the Website. Your continued use of any part of the Website constitutes your acceptance of such changes to the Terms of Use. You should review the Terms of Use periodically to determine if any changes have been made.PURCHASE POLICIES On the Website, you may purchase products, CensusTools spreadsheets and Your Story workbooks (“Products”).Please note all CensusTools spreadsheets were created with MS Excel and saved in Excel 97 format. A version of MS Excel for PC or MAC at least as recent as 97 is required to use the spreadsheets. PDF versions of all spreadsheets are included for anyone without access to MS Excel or to those who just want high quality extraction sheets. MS Excel 97 or later (or a compatible spreadsheet program) is required, but not included, to use the spreadsheets. A compatible program such as LibreOffice or Open Office might be an alternative, but no guarantees are made that the spreadsheets will function properly in those programs.Refund Policy Products are eligible for a refund if within thirty (30) days of purchase, you request a refund and Company receives written confirmation from you that all physical and digital copies of the Products have been destroyed.LICENSE FOR USE OF PRODUCTS All Products available for sale or download on the Website were developed solely for your personal use and may not be reproduced for publication or for the personal or commercial use of others without permission. You may not create any derivative works of the Products.  When you download any of the Products, you agree that you will not use any information you gain from the Products to create any product or service, whether offered for commercial or personal use, without express written consent of the Company.  All inquiries for use of Company intellectual property must be submitted to help@makelleyandcompanyinc.com.  Company reserves the right to seek equitable and compensatory relief for any violation of this term.In no case shall the content of the Products in its original unedited format be shared either in print or digital format unless an additional license has been purchased for each individual receiving a copy. You may not create any derivative works of the Products.  When you purchase or download any of the Products, you agree that you will not use any information you gain from the Products to create any product or service, whether offered for commercial or personal use, without express written consent of the Company.  All inquiries for use of Company intellectual property must be submitted to help@makelleyandcompanyinc.com.  Company reserves the right to seek equitable and compensatory relief for any violation of this term.CensusTools spreadsheets: Permission is granted to print unlimited individual copies of CensusTools spreadsheet pages for personal use with the purchase of a licensed copy of the spreadsheet pack. Permission is granted to print up as many copies as desired of populated individual pages to share research with family and friends.You may freely publish populated spreadsheet pages in your published genealogies in book form if CensusTools.com is credited as the source of the spreadsheets. Protected PDF and other non-editable digital versions of populated spreadsheet pages may be included in genealogies published in electronic form if a link is provided to censustools.com. Professional genealogists are encouraged to use non-editable PDF printouts of populated CensusTools spreadsheet pages in their reports to clients. Company gives permission for you to provide print or non-editable digital copies of the populated spreadsheet pages to your clients. However, it is a violation the Terms of Use to provide the spreadsheet files themselves unless you purchase a license for a set of the spreadsheets for each client to whom you provide them in addition to your own license.Your Story workbook: Permission is granted to you to print a single copy of the Your Story workbook for each license purchased per the receipt. Permission is granted to print up as many copies as desired of a completed copy of Your Story to share with family and friends. For Your Story, completed is defined as more than 60% of the questions answered and at least 75% of the pages being at least 50% completed of the Your Story workbook.GENERAL DISCLAIMER Company has made every effort to ensure that all information on the Website has been tested for accuracy. Company makes no guarantees regarding the results that you will see from using the information provided on the Website. Opinions, advice, statements, or other comments should not necessarily be relied upon and are not to be construed as professional advice from Company.Company disclaims liability for incidental or consequential damages and assumes no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage suffered by any person as a result of use of the information provided on the Website. Company assumes or undertakes no liability for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the use of any information found on the Website.YOUR RESPONSIBILITY The Website was developed strictly for informational purposes. You understand and agree that you are fully responsible for your use of the information provided on the Website. Company makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees. You understand that results may vary from person to person. Company assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions that may appear in the Website.USE OF THE WEBSITE
Unless otherwise stated, Company owns the intellectual property and rights to all content and material on the Website. Subject to the license below, all intellectual property rights are reserved.You may view, download (for caching purposes only), and print pages for your personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms of Use.The following uses are examples of those that are not permitted:Republication of content from the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for republication;Sale, rental or sub-license of any content from the Website;Reproduction or duplication of any content on the Website for commercial purposes or any other purpose not expressly permitted;Modification of any content on the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for modification;Redistribution of content of the Website unless content is specifically and expressly made available for redistribution. Users are permitted to share links to the Website with a very short quote or summary on social media channels.From time to time, the Website will utilize various plugins or widgets to allow sharing of content via social media channels, email, or other methods. Use of these plugins or widgets does not constitute any waiver of Company’s intellectual property rights. Such use is a limited license to republish the content on the approved social media channels, with full credit to Company.You must not use the Website in a way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or impairs the availability of access to the Website. You must not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Website, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law. You must not use the Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish, or distribute any material that consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit, and/or other harmful code or malicious software.You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities, including, but not limited to scraping, data mining, data extraction, or data harvesting on or in relation to the Website without Company’s express written permission.You must not use the Website to transmit or send any unsolicited commercial communications.You must not use the Website for any third-party marketing without Company’s express written permission.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY All original materials provided by Company are owned by Company. Any original materials are provided for your individual use only. You are not authorized to use or transfer any of Company’s intellectual property. All intellectual property remains the property of Company. No license to sell, distribute, reproduce, prepare a derivative work, display or perform is granted or implied. Company will be entitled to injunctive relief to prohibit any such violations to protect against the harm of such violations.Certain of the names, logos, and other materials displayed on the Website constitute Company’s intellectual property, including, but not limited to, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and copyrights (“Company IP”).  You are not authorized to use any Company IP without Company’s express consent. Ownership of Company IP remains with Company and You agree not to make any claims or assertions of any other party’s ownership of Company IP.“Census Tools” and “CensusTools” are trademarks of Company and are protected by United States trademark law. Company’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Company’s, in any manner likely to cause confusion among consumers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Company.EQUITABLE RELIEF You acknowledge and agree that in the event of certain breaches of the Terms of Use, Company may suffer irreparable injury, such that no remedy at law will afford it adequate protection against, or appropriate compensation for, such injury. Accordingly, you agree that Company shall be entitled to any injunctive relief, without having to post a bond, as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.COPYRIGHT Unless otherwise noted, the design, content and all components of the Website are copyrights owned by Company or third parties and are protected by United States and international copyright laws and should not be reused or republished without express written permission.TRADEMARKS Company’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Company’s, in any manner likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits M.A. Kelley And Company, Inc., https://www.censustools.com/, or the experts featured on the Website.From time to time, the Website will legally utilize trademarks owned by third parties related to Company’s services. These trademarks are the respective property of their owners.FTC DISCLOSURE From time to time, the Website may post sponsored content from an advertiser. This means that an advertiser, which may be a brand, agency, or influencer network, will contract with Company to create content featuring certain messages or product placement. Pursuant to the FTC’s requirements, all such advertisements on the Website are clearly and conspicuously disclosed.Even though compensation (cash, free product, services) is received in exchange for this sponsored content placement, Company gives its honest opinion, findings, beliefs, or experiences in such content. All views expressed on the Website are those of the content creator. Any product claim, statistic, quote, or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party in question.AFFILIATE MARKETING From time to time, the Website may engage in affiliate marketing. This means that if you use an affiliate link to make a purchase, the Website will receive a commission on that purchase. All efforts are made to ensure that affiliate links are disclosed in accordance with the FTC.Company is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As an Amazon Associate, the Company earns from qualifying purchases. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.GRANT OF RIGHTS You hereby irrevocably assign to Company the copyrights and any and all rights to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute any content you contribute to the Website. This includes, but is not limited to, text, images, audio material, comments, video material, and audio-visual material. By posting content to the Website, you represent that you have the right to grant these permissions for use of such content by Website, Company, and Company’s sublicensees and assignees.CONTENT CONTRIBUTED TO THE WEBSITE Any content you contribute to the Website, including, but not limited to text, images, audio material, comments, video material, and audio-visual material, must not be illegal or unlawful, may not infringe on any third-party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Company or a third party. Company reserves the right to edit or remove: (i) any material submitted to the Website; (ii) stored on Company’s servers; or, (iii) hosted or published on the Website. Company takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.Notwithstanding Company’s rights under the Terms of Use, Company does not undertake to monitor the submission of all content to, or the publication of such content on, the Website and is not responsible for such content.COMMENT POLICY The Website offers the option for you to leave comments, engaging with the Website’s posts. The following types of comments will not be tolerated and will be deleted:harassment directed toward any content creator or Company;spam;hate speech;defamatory to Company or any third party;reference illegal acts; or,violate the legal rights of a third party.Company’s sole discretion will be used to determine if a comment is in violation of this comment policy. Any comments in violation will be promptly deleted and no further explanation will be due to you if your comment was determined to be in violation with this policy.TAKEDOWN REQUESTS From time to time, the Website will publish posts with images and/or text from other third-party websites. Any such use is considered fair use under copyright laws and is fully attributed to the owner. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been used on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and falls outside of fair use, please use the form located at https://www.censustools.com/dmca-requests/ and we will remove the images and/or text within a reasonable period of time.COMMUNICATION If you send Company an email, register to use the Website or provide your email to Company in any other way, you consent to receive communications from Company electronically. You agree that all legal notices provided via electronic means from Company satisfy any requirement for written notice. Please see the Website’s privacy policy for more information.CHILDREN’S INFORMATION The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at help@makelleyandcompanyinc.com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.THIRD PARTIES The Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not governed or controlled by Company. You represent and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by all applicable Terms of Use and policies for any third-party website that relates to your use of the Website. Company assumes no control or liability over the content of any third-party sites. You expressly hold harmless Company from any and all liability related to your use of a third-party website.Prior to engaging in any meetings, events, or commercial transactions with any third parties discovered through or linked on the Website, you must complete any necessary investigation or due diligence. You understand that Company does not perform psychological testing or background checks on the individuals who may use the Website or Company’s services. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your actions and decisions to meet other individuals whom you meet online by virtue of the Website or services provided on the Website. If there is a dispute for any events or commercial transactions with a third party discovered through or linked on the Website, you expressly hold Company harmless from any and all liability in any dispute.NO WARRANTIES
The Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any representations or warranties, expressed or implied. Company makes no representations or warranties in relation to the Website, or the information and materials provided therein.Company makes no warranty the Website will: meet your requirements; be available uninterrupted; or be error free, timely, and free of viruses or bugs.  Company does not warrant that the you will be able to access the full functionality of the Website or that the Website will be accurate or reliable. Company is not responsible to you for the loss of any content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website. The Website is written in English and makes no warranty regarding translation or interpretation of content in any language.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE EXTENT ALLOWABLE BY LAW, COMPANY AND ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND WEB HOSTING SERVICES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.YOU AGREE THAT REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE TERMS OF USE MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE OR BE FOREVER BARRED.INDEMNITY You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Company, its members, employees, officers, directors, managers, and agents harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, suits, actions, liabilities, obligations, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) which Company suffers as a result of third-party claims based on: (i) your negligence or intentional misconduct, (ii) your breach of any provision of the Terms of Use (including representation or warranty); (iii) materials prepared or provided by you including, but not limited to, any claims of infringement, or misappropriation of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary right, infringement of the rights of privacy or publicity, or defamation or libel; or (iv) death, personal injury, or property damage arising out of, or relating to, your obligations hereunder.ARBITRATION The Terms of Use will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina  without reference to its conflict of law provisions. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of any such arbitration shall be in Carteret County, North Carolina. The parties also agree that the AAA Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply to the proceedings.  This section provides the sole recourse for the settlement of any disputes arising out of, in connection with, or related to the Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action seeking injunctive relief shall be submitted to the courts and shall not be subject to this provision.THE PARTIES WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, EXCEPT WHERE SUCH WAIVER IS PROHIBITED BY LAW OR DEEMED BY A COURT OF LAW TO BE AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY. TO THE EXTENT EITHER PARTY IS PERMITTED BY LAW OR COURT OF LAW TO PROCEED WITH A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT: (I) THE PREVAILING PARTY SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ATTORNEYS’ FEES OR COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PURSUING THE CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (NOT WITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT); AND (II) THE PARTY WHO INITIATES OR PARTICIPATES AS A MEMBER OF THE CLASS WILL NOT SUBMIT A CLAIM OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN ANY RECOVERY SECURED THROUGH THE CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS If any provision(s) of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable. In addition, in such event the unenforceable or invalid provision shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary to (i) render it valid and enforceable and (ii) give the fullest effect possible to the original intent of the provision.The Terms of Use may not be assigned by you without Company’s prior written consent, however, the Terms of Use may be assigned by Company in its sole discretion.The Terms of Use are the final, complete, and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the Website offered by, and the Products sold by Company.The failure of Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision hereunder shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of the Terms of Use by Website or Company must be in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company.All notices with respect to the Terms of Use must be in writing and may be via email to help@makelleyandcompanyinc.com for Company and to your email address.Last updated: September 4, 2020.Primary SidebarItems in Your CartYour cart is empty
Buy all 40 spreadsheets for only $11.95!The CensusTools Spreadsheet Pack includes census spreadsheets for the US, Canada , England, Ireland, and Scotland as well as state spreadsheets for Iowa, Kansas, Massachusetts , Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin. Each location collection features the main spreadsheet as well as a tracker and checklist. Also included are a research log, a cemetery log, a ship manifest log, and a family group report.Buy Your Story: Questions to Help You Leave a Legacy for Future for only $11.95!Your Story: Questions to Help You Leave a Legacy for Future Generations is a 54 page workbook with questions designed to prompt memories, record stories, and leave a legacy. The workbook is a great gift for parents and grandparents as well as a way to record your own personal story. The workbook is a digital file only and no physical book will be mailed. Please purchase a license for yourself and each person with whom you plan to share the file.Quantity:  Recent Posts Why You Should Transcribe Census Records Census Research: Enumerator Instructions Find a Census Listing by Street Address State Census Records The 1890 Census – Filling in the Gap
CookiesThis site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks