http://www.oconnormortuary.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Leap Tie - Diana
2019-06-03T10:55:44-07:00
Privacy, Shipping, and Return/Refund Policy
Policies & Disclaimers
O’Connor Mortuary and our partner companies may publish obituaries on our web site that we have been asked to submit for publication to local/national media. In accordance with family wishes, information about services that families request remain private will not be published. We will honor any written requests from the decedent’s legal next of kin to remove a published obituary.
We reserve the right to edit, or refuse to list, a condolence that contains language that is unlawful, harmful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable, or encourages conduct that might constitute a criminal offense. Information posted on this website is public. If you would like to ask for information to be removed, please contact info@oconnormortuary.com.
We reserve the right to change the information contained in this web site without notice. Our company is not responsible for any unintentional errors that may be contained in this web site. Links to other web sites are provided for the convenience of the user and should not be construed as an endorsement of another web site or of the business referred to, or promoted, in another web site. We grant permission for any user to follow links to other web sites, but we cannot be held responsible for any content errors, copyright violations, libelous statements, offensive subject matter, or any other material that may be contained in those web sites, or in any succeeding web sites that may be reached by following those links.
We understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to our web site. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we may gather from our site, and how we may use this information once it has been gathered.
Shipping Policy
We can package, transport, and mail cremated remains by U.S Registered Mail only (other carries will not accept cremated remains) anywhere in the United States for an additional cost. (add cost of urn).
Refund/Return
If for any reason there are items or services not utilized, you will be entitled to a refund. All refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase.
Personal Information
Our funeral home(s) may collect personal information that site visitors provide when they complete any online form, application, or survey. Information provided in a request for service or information link/e-mail will be forwarded to one of our associates or affiliates, so a staff member can respond to the request. Our funeral home(s) may contact any visitor who has submitted a request for additional information, regarding the request.
Our company is the sole proprietor of all data files gathered and we do not rent or sell visitors’ personal information to non-affiliate companies without the consent of the visitor.
Site Visitorship Data
Our Funeral Home(s) uses aggregated site visitorship data to improve the content and services offered to site visitors. All reports cite visitorship data on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means that no personal information is associated with it. This data may include:
The number of people who visit our site
The pages they visit
The amount of time they stay on our site
The domain name of the site where visitors are connecting from (aol.com for example)
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files that a web site transfers to a site visitor’s hard disk or browser for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. We do not use cookies to gather personal information, like a person’s name or e-mail address. In order to measure the effectiveness of our online presence, we may use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our web site, to determine the path visitors take on our site, and to identify visitors who came to our site as the result of a link on a third-party web site. Any information gathered by the use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Security
If visitors submit credit card information in an on-line form, our company uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology to protect the information they submit. This technology protects visitors from having their information intercepted by anyone other than our company while it is being transmitted. Our company works hard to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. Where appropriate, we employ firewalls, encryption technology, user authentication systems (e.g., user names and passwords) and access control mechanisms to control access to systems and data.
Hyperlinks
This web site contains hyperlinks or “links” to other sites, and other sites may “link” to this site. Web sites linking to and from this site may have different privacy practices from the ones described in this Privacy Policy and Disclaimer statement. Visitors to our site should read the privacy statements of other web sites they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Changes to our Internet Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, make changes to this policy. We recommend that visitors to this site revisit this privacy policy on occasion to learn of new privacy practices and changes to our policy.
Contacting the Webmaster
Your comments about our services and policies are important to us. If site visitors have any questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy, or want to let us know what they think about any of our on-line products and services, they can use the “Contact Us” form/link accessible from every page on this site, or they can send an e-mail directly to our Webmaster by writing to info@oconnormortuary.com.
This Internet Privacy Policy was last updated on 201.
© Copyright 201 O’Connor Mortuary
The Importance of Ceremony
CLOSE