http://www.newroombristol.org.uk/privacy-policy/
The New Room is currently closed.
Privacy Policy
The New Room Bristol, John Wesley’s Chapel > Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
The New Room Bristol understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, http://www.newroombristol.org.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and “Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
2. Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by The New Room Bristol, a registered charity in England under charity number 1137957. Registered address: 36 The Horsefair, Bristol, UK BS1 3JE.Trading address: 36 The Horsefair, Bristol, UK BS1 3JE.Email address: info@newroombristol.org.uk.Telephone number: 0117 9264740.Postal Address: 36 The Horsefair, Bristol, UK BS1 3JE.
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’. Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
5. What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:a) The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.b) The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.c) The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.d) The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.e) The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.f) The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.g) The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we am using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.h) Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
6. What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect some or all of the following personal (and non-personal) data (please also see Part 14 on our use of Cookies and similar technologies: • Name;• Date of birth;• Gender;• Address;• Email address;• Telephone number;• Business name;• Job title;• Profession;• Payment information;• Information about your preferences and interests;
7. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for the following purposes:• Providing and managing your Account;• Supplying our products AND/OR services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.• Personalising and tailoring our products AND/OR services for you.• Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email AND/OR telephone AND/OR text message AND/OR post with information, news, and offers on our products AND/OR services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
8. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected.
9. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the GDPR.
10. Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to one important exception.In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
11. How Can I Control My Personal Data?
11.1 In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and at the point of providing your details and by managing your Account). 11.2 You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
12. Can I Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data. You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14.
13. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”. All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15. There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding. We will respond to your subject access request within 28 days (less than one month) and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
14. How Do You Use Cookies?
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended. You will be given the opportunity to allow only first-party Cookies and block third-party Cookies. Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device. You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings. It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
15. How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of David Worthington): Email address: info@newroombristol.org.uk. Telephone number: 0117 9264740. Postal Address: 36 The Horsefair, Bristol, UK BS1 3JE.
16. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Share
×
Your ticket for the: Privacy Policy
Title
Privacy Policy
USD
Close
Print
The New Room Bristol understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, http://www.newroombristol.org.uk and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKView Privacy Policy