http://www.frameline.org/terms-of-use
Year Round
Audience
Youth in Motion
Encore
Voices
Filmmakers
Completion Fund
Submit Film
Frameline Blog
Festival
Film Guide
Festival Archive
Program Guide Archive
Festival Calendar
Attend
Tickets
Castro Passes
Festival Sponsors
Press
Frameline44 Press Release
Frameline44 Fact Sheet
Distribution
Distribution Catalog
Distribution FAQs
New Releases
Youth In Motion
Register for Youth in Motion
Education
Support
Join / Renew
Donate
Frameline2020 Fund
Gift a Membership
Foundation Support
Matching Gifts
Legacy Circle
Sponsor
Preferred Partners
Frameline 2020 Sponsorship Deck
About
Contact
Staff
Board of Directors
Employment
Archives
Program Guide Archive
Festival Archive
Financials
Terms of Use
Membership
;
Calendar
Cart
Terms of Use
Frameline strongly believes in protecting the privacy of our members, audiences, and visitors to the Frameline.org website (our "Site").  We know that privacy can be of particular concern for LGBTQ+ communities, and have written a Privacy Policy designed to respect individuals' rights to choose whether their personally identifiable information may be shared with other individuals or organizations.This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices on our Site and all related online and mobile applications and services that we provide (our "Services").  Your use of our Site or Services indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.Our Site is designed to share information about Frameline's many programs, including film screenings, special events, films we distribute, as well as news related to other organizations and the LGBTQ+ media arts landscape.  Our Services available through our Site include ticket purchasing and film and merchandise sales.  You also may make donations to Frameline through our Site.
Types of Information We Collect
In order to better serve you, we gather two types of information from you when you visit our Site or use our Services: 1) anonymous usage or statistical information that does not, by itself, identify you, such as, for example, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that you were using before visiting our Site or using our Services, which URL you go to next, what browser or device you are using to access our Site or Services, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address; and 2) personally identifiable information, which is information that lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as, for example, your first and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history, and your username and password for our Site.
How We Collect Information
Anonymous Information and Cookies
We use "cookies" on some of our Site pages and in some of our Services.  Cookies are small data text files stored on your hard drive that do not contain any personally identifying information.  Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses, and they can only communicate with the website that issued them.  Cookies are frequently used by websites to prevent users from having to log in on each page or to input repeat information, and help you set customizable preferences.  The cookies on our Site and in our Services may come from us or from third party ad serving companies that display banner or other advertisements.You may configure your browser to alert you when a website is attempting to send a cookie, so that you may accept or reject it.  If you reject cookies from our Site, some parts of our Site or Services may not work properly.We also may collect other information from you when you use our Site or Services, including IP addresses, information about which browser, operating system, and device you used to access our Site or Services, how you found our Site or Services (e.g., the previously visited page or search terms), date and time of your visit, the state or country from which you accessed our Site or Services, or the number of pages you visited or links you clicked on within our Site.We collect this anonymous information on both an individual and aggregate basis.  However, Frameline does not associate this anonymous information with your personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information
Unless you log into our Site, register for our Services, or otherwise voluntarily provide personally identifiable information to us, your visit to our Site or use of our Services is anonymous.  Frameline does not collect any personally identifiable information about you except when you voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you register for our Site or fill out a form (e.g., when you purchase tickets, make a membership contribution, sign up for email news, or send us feedback).  You also may provide personally identifiable information to us indirectly through third parties with whom we have an arrangement that permits us to integrate their service offerings with our own.  For example, you may authorize us to access your personally identifiable information stored in your account with a social networking site, such as FacebookTM or TwitterTM.  You may use our Site without registering, and you are free to choose whether or not to provide any personally identifiable information to us.  However, you may not be able to use all of our Services if you do not provide the requested information.
How We Use the Information We Collect
Frameline uses your anonymous and personally identifiable information to provide and enhance our Services to you, including but not limited to the fulfillment of your specific requests, the creation and delivery of records of your transactions, and the communication to you of information about our Services or an order you place with us.  We also may use your anonymous and personally identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, assess our demographic reach, statistically analyze use of our Site and Services or our advertising responses, and to customize the content, layout, and features of our Site and Services.  Frameline may aggregate otherwise personally identifiable information into anonymous or statistical data to study overall usage trends and to make improvements to our site's usability.Of course, we also may use your personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems with our Site, Services, or systems, and enforce our agreements with you, including but not limited to this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
Anonymous Information
We may provide anonymous information (such as traffic patterns, statistical analyses, or aggregated demographic or geographic data) to our sponsors, advertisers, vendors, and other third parties.
Personally Identifiable Information
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Frameline will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party without your permission.Frameline does not sell, trade, or rent any email addresses to other organizations or businesses.  Occasionally, Frameline may share your name and postal address with like-minded organizations that offer social and cultural services that we believe are consistent with the interests of our patrons.  You may exclude your name and postal address from being shared by notifying Frameline - please see "Updating Your Information & Opting Out," below, for more information.Ordinarily, access to your personally identifiable information is restricted to Frameline employees and volunteers.  From time to time, Frameline may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us (e.g., ticketing software vendors, credit card processing companies, or data storage services).  In those circumstances, we may disclose any personally identifiable information that is necessary for such service providers to perform the requested services.We also may disclose personally identifiable information to third-party vendors or law enforcement officials in order to prevent abuse of, or harm to, our systems, services, members, sponsors, users, or other members of our community.  We also may cooperate with law enforcement agencies in providing personally identifiable information to identify anyone who may be using our Site or Services for illegal activities.Frameline also may disclose your personally identifiable information as otherwise required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order.  If we are required by law to share information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure.  Even if you object, we may be required to turn over your information.Finally, we may provide any of your information to any parent, sister, or subsidiary organizations (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy) or to any organization we may acquire, by whom we may be acquired, or with whom we may merge.
Information You Make Public
When you use our Site or Services, you may be given an opportunity to post comments or share your experiences with others in public areas.  If you choose to include any personally identifiable or other information in a Site posting or other forum accessible to others, you do so at your own risk.  For example, third parties may use such information to send you unsolicited messages.  Frameline is not responsible for the disclosure or use of any information that you choose to post or otherwise make available to others through our Site or Services.  We have no obligation to keep that information private or to not use or display it ourselves.  If you do not want such information to be viewed by third parties, do not share it in public areas of our Site or Services.
Security of Personally Identifiable Information
We attempt to protect your personally identifiable information from theft, loss, or alteration with security measures that are reasonable and consistent with industry standards.  For example, we use encryption technologies whenever transferring certain types of sensitive information, such as credit card data.  However, due to the nature of the Internet and wireless networks, Frameline cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information will be kept 100% secure, despite our efforts.  Information may be viewed or tampered with while in transit to Frameline, while being stored at Frameline, or when Frameline transmits such information to third parties.  Frameline assumes no responsibility for the security of your information that we may transmit to third parties once that information is in their possession.Because you can access your personally identifiable information in your Frameline account through your username and password, it is important you not share your password with anyone.  Also remember to log out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Site.  This is to help ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer or mobile device in a public place, such as a library or café.  You are entirely responsible for any use or disclosure of your information by anyone to whom you have given your password.
Links, Embedded Media, and Partners
Our Site contains links to other websites or services, as well as embedded graphics, videos, forms, or other media.  Frameline also works with various vendors to maintain portions of our Site and Services (such as film sales), and maintains profiles on external or social networking sites such as FacebookTM or YouTubeTM.  These external sites and services have different privacy policies that Frameline does not control - please refer to their respective sites for more information about the information they collect and how they use and share that information.  Frameline is not responsible for, and does not necessarily endorse, the content, products, or other materials accessible through third-party sites and services.
Children
You must be at least thirteen (13) years old to use our Site and Services.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
International Concerns
Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit to us may be transferred, processed, stored, and use in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you live, where laws regarding processing of your personally identifiable information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By using our Site or Services, you explicitly consent to such transfer, processing, storage, and use of your information.
Updating Your Information & Opting-Out
You can help Frameline maintain accurate records of your contact information by notifying us when you change your address, email address, phone number, etc.  In many cases, you may access your account via the "login" or "my account" link at the top of the page.  You may also send us any updates via email at info@frameline.org.You may exclude your name and postal address from being shared with other organizations by notifying Frameline via email at info@frameline.org, stating that you would like to "opt out" of mailing list exchanges.You may remove yourself from our email lists at any point by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of marketing and outreach emails (currently via the third party vendor Constant Contact) that we send out.  Alternately, you may contact us via email at info@frameline.org if you would like to be removed from any of our email lists.It may not be possible to opt out of all forms of information sharing and communication, unless you cancel your membership and all other transactions you have pending with Frameline.  For example, we must provide certain data to credit card companies so that they can process transactions you request, and we will send order confirmations to you via e-mail whenever you make a purchase or donation online, regardless of your subscription status.  Even if you terminate all ties to Frameline, we may maintain your information in our databases to the extent we are required to do so by law.It may take us up to thirty (30) days to process any requests you make about your information, including any updates, requests to stop sharing your information, or removal requests.  Frameline is not responsible for removing information about you from the databases of third parties to whom we were authorized to disclose your information prior to processing your removal request.
Scope of This Privacy Policy
We may collect personally identifiable information about you in ways other than through our Site or Services, including via the phone, direct mail, in person, or through other communication channels.  This Privacy Policy only governs the information we collect from you through our Site and Services.  Our use and sharing of information we collect from you through other means is subject to applicable laws.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time.  Such changes will be effective immediately upon our posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Site.  Please review our Site and this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications.  Your continued use of the Site or Services after such modifications are made will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by it.This policy was last updated on March 9, 2010.