http://www.iwla.org/privacy-policy
About
About Us
Ways To Support the League
Leadership
Staff
Finances
Jobs
Who Was Izaak Walton?
Events
Upcoming Events
Media
News Room
Outdoor America
Blog
Shop
Logout
Login
Chapter Resources
Officer Tools
Member Center
Search
Menu
Clean Water
Stream Monitoring
Water Quality in America
Webinars from the Experts
Resources for Monitors
Healthy Soil
Climate Science and Solutions
National Priorities
USDA Conservation Programs
Conservation Funding
Get Outdoors
Fishing
Hunting
Shooting Sports
Conservation Landscaping
Preventing Invasive Species
Youth Activities
Take Action
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
Clean Water For All
Agriculture Resilience Act
Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness
Missouri River Recovery Program
Protect the Chesapeake Bay
Local Chapters
Donate
Join
Privacy Policy
This Web site is owned and operated by the Izaak Walton League of America. We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy policy and those of any Web site you visit. Our Web site is designed as a tool for those who have an interest in the conservation of our nation’s natural resources and outdoor heritage and want to become more involved in our mission.
The League is concerned about our visitors' Internet privacy and is committed to honoring our constituents’ privacy preferences. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how the League treats that information. Be assured, the League will never misuse the information you provide.
PRIVACY POLICY
You can visit most portions of iwla.org without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a typical Web site visit does not identify you. Rather, it is the name of your Internet service provider ("ISP"), the browser and type of machine you are using, the Web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time you request them. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors.
The League does not sell or otherwise disclose such user information outside the organization.
Personal Information Collected
In general, when you visit our Web sites and access information, you remain anonymous. We do not require you to register or provide personal information to us to view most portions of our site.
There are occasions, however, when we will ask for additional information. We do this to better understand and respond to your needs and provide you with services that may be valuable to you. The League collects e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable data about you when such data is voluntarily submitted. For example, personally identifiable information will be collected in order for you to become a member of the League or to register for one of our online communications. Contact information from order forms is used to send orders, invoices, and information about the League to you. Some of the activist functions of our site also require registration of personal information. We use this information to track the usage of these features and to help you gain access to the information you need. All such information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data. The League makes every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.
Finally, you may decide to send the League personally identifying information, for example, in a message containing information about membership. We will only use this information to identify you and to determine how to respond to the electronic mail. We will not use this information for any purpose other than to resolve the matter identified in the email.
Cookies
What Are "Cookies"?
A cookie is a small text file sent to your computer’s hard drive by a Web site’s server. Each time you return to the site that "set" the cookie, the server retrieves its cookie from your computer and thereby knows you are a previous visitor who has returned. Cookies may contain information about your ISP, operating system, browser type, screen resolution and number of colors, your computer’s processor type, your ISP’s server, your Internet protocol address, and what server you were last on. Other information can be added to a cookie, but only information that you give to us.
Use of Cookies
The League uses cookies written by our site but not to obtain information on other Web sites that you may visit. Cookies help us by providing some history about the parts of our site that you have visited. This enables us to help you navigate our site more easily, to determine what pages are most attractive to our visitors, and to alert you to related pages on our site that may interest you.
This Web site uses the first-party Google Analytics cookie only to track your return visits but not to identify you personally by name, email, or any other data. This site also uses the third-party DoubleClick cookie to enable reporting on demographics and interests information (such as age, gender, and favored product categories), but, again, not in any way that is associated with personally identifiable information.
League Use of Information
Personally identifiable information, such as name and mailing address, may sometimes be made available to other non-profit organizations and occasionally to for-profit organizations unless you request otherwise. E-mail addresses are not released to third parties. Whether or not you choose to share your information will have no impact on your interaction with us. From time to time, we make our membership roster available to other groups or companies. If you do not want your name traded with other companies, just tell us. You can opt out by writing us, calling us, or via email to members@iwla.org. We will not provide any of your personal information to other organizations if you elect to keep your record private. In addition, the Izaak Walton League will not share, sell, or exchange donor information – whether obtained by mail or electronically – for third-party fundraising or marketing purposes.
Security of Your Credit Card Information
We have made every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.
If you are still concerned about the safety of your credit card information online, you may also submit contributions or other payment to the League by mailing a check as directed by instructions on the appropriate pages of our Web site.
Links to Third Party Sites
We provide links to third-party sites. Because we do not control those Web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third-party sites. That another Web site is linked to our site does not constitute an endorsement by the League of the owner of the other site, the content of its site, or its products or services.
How to Unsubscribe from our E-mail List
If at any time you wish to stop receiving electronic information from the League or to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe from that list as explained in each message you receive.
Questions
The League welcomes comments on and questions about this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. If you have any questions, please contact us at members@iwla.org or call our Membership Department between 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time at (301) 548-0150.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this site. The revised Privacy Policy will apply to all data collected by the League, both prior to and subsequent to the revised policy’s effective date.
Updated: 06/2019
Izaak Walton League of America
Report a Problem
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Legal Disclosure and Terms of Use
© 2015 Izaak Walton League of America
707 Conservation Lane • Gaithersburg, MD
20878 • (301) 548-0150 (main)
info@iwla.org
Google Maps