https://www.liveabout.com/help-your-kids-cope-with-divorce-and-change-2997771
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Children of divorce cope best when parents are attentive to their needs and stay active in their lives.
Jupiterimages/Photolibrary/Getty Images
Love and Romance
Divorce
Relationships
Sexuality
Teens
LGBTQ
Friendship
By
Jennifer Wolf
Communications Director
Seattle Pacific University
Jennifer Wolf is a PCI Certified Parent Coach and a strong advocate for single moms and dads.
our editorial process
Twitter
Twitter
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Jennifer Wolf
Updated October 23, 2017
Kids cope with divorce best when their parents are attentive to their needs and remain active participants in their lives. In fact, as your children's parents, you have a unique opportunity to set the tone for how they're going to deal with your divorce from the very moment you first tell the kids about your separation. No matter where you are in the process, though—whether the separation is startlingly fresh, or whether you're already several months into the healing process—these tips will help you anticipate and cope with the effects of divorce on children:
Be Open, Approachable, and Honest
The best thing you can do for your kids right now it to be there for them physically and emotionally. In other words, be someone they can trust. When responding to their questions, be as honest as you can without passing along details that are either inappropriate, or that your children are not ready to hear. Remember, too, that you must never speak negatively about one another to your children. It destroys their trust in you and puts them in the middle of your conflict.
How to Tell Your Children About Your DivorceQuestions Your Kids Will Ask About the DivorceQuestions Your Kids Will Ask About the Departing Parent
Allow Your Children to Express Their Feelings
This is a critical step in helping children of divorce. Realize, though, that your children may be reluctant to share, for fear of upsetting you or hurting your feelings. If they'd rather not open up, try not to take that personally. Instead, make every effort to have an open mind and let your children know that they can come to you any time with their questions. Remember, too, to honor each child's differences, and realize that it will take time for them to process what's happening.
Coping With the Stages of Grief During DivorceKids' Anger Management StrategiesFive Ways to Help Your Angry Child
Continue to Parent Well
Do not make the mistake of going soft on your kids right now. Even though they're coping with the effects of divorce and family change, they truly need continued boundaries, discipline, and expectations. In fact, being consistent and following through sends children of divorce a critical message: that the adults in their lives believe they are capable of handling what is happening.
Get Your Kids' Behavior Under ControlStrategies for Effective Discipline
Collaborate With Your Co-parent
One of the very best things you can do for your kids right now is to learn to collaborate with one another. It's imperative that the two of you put your differences aside for the sake of your kids. Recognize that it will take time to establish an effective "working relationship," but it is one of the greatest gifts parents can give children of divorce during a time of uncertainty and upheaval.
Rebuild Trust With Your ExConsistent Co-parenting TipsCo-parenting Meetings
Develop a Support Network
This is a step that you must not ignore. Even if you have to hire a babysitter occasionally in order to get some time to yourself or get together with a supportive friend, do it. Taking care of yourself in this way will help you as you're coping with the divorce yourself and dealing with your own feelings of loss. This is important because the more you're able to cope well, the more you can also help your children cope with the effects of the divorce.
Getting Through the First YearAvoid Single Parenting Burnout
Help Your Kids Cope With Family Change
Help for Kids Dealing With Divorce
The Effects of Divorce on Children and How to Cope
10 Co-parenting Styles ... With Tips to Fix What Isn't Working
How to Talk to Your Kids About Separation & Divorce
Effects of Divorce on Children: What to Expect in the Early Days
How to Tell Kids About Divorce
Effects of Divorce in Preschoolers
How to Help Your Stepfamily Blend
How to Tell Your Kids About Your Divorce
Kids & Two Homes: Tips for Post-Divorce Parenting
6 Frequently Asked Questions About Divorce
Co-Parenting Communication: Rebuild Trust With Your Ex
4 Stages of Grief in Children
6 Tips for Co-Parenting After A High Conflict Divorce
Going Through a Divorce: A Child's Perspective