http://www.iglhrc.org/outright-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
OutRight Cookie and Privacy Policy
HOMEOutRight Cookie and Privacy Policy
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
Jump to Cookie Policy
Our
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers OutRight Action International’s (OutRight) treatment of personal information or personally identifiable information ( both "Personal Information") that may be collected or submitted when the web-user (“you”) are using OutRight's website.We work hard to protect your information. Your information is stored on a secure server that only those authorized by OutRight can access. Additionally, we encrypt your information to prevent third parties without authorization from intercepting your information when it is in transit to us.
While using OutRight’s website, you may be asked to submit personal information when filling out forms for donations, petitions, applications or registering for events. The Personal Information you may be asked to voluntarily provide include for example:
How We Collect Your Personal Information
While using OutRight’s website, you may be asked to submit personal information when filling out forms for donations, petitions, applications or registering for events. The Personal Information you may be asked to voluntarily provide include for example:
Name
Postal Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit or Debit Card Information
Demographic information
Location information
Information is also collected via Google Analytics when you visit OutRight's website. Your IP information allows us to understand how you use our site and to enable us to make changes to our site in order to improve your experience. Information regarding your computer, your connection to our website (such as your browser type, operating system, and platform) and your user history limited to, your session information, page errors and the length of your visits to specific pages within our website) may also be collected.
How Your Personal Information is Disclosed
We may share information to companies that process data on our behalf so that we can provide you with good service and can develop our business in a cost-effective way that achieves the greatest possible benefits for global LGBTIQ human rights. This can involve distribution, analysis, payment services, or organizing events and offering other services. When we process personal data, we always do so with high security and confidentiality.
It is OutRight’s policy not to disclose, sell or rent your Personal Information to any individual, business, government entity or outside parties except: (i) to provide products or services you've requested through us; (ii) in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (iii) when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (v) where you request OutRight to do so. If you contact OutRight, we may use your email address to answer the email we receive from you. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose.
Correcting Your Personally Identifiable Information
If your personal information changes,, please email us updates at development@outrightinternational.org. We provide an unsubscribe option for our mailing list at the bottom of each email. You can, at any time, request that your information be deleted or that its use be limited by contacting us.
Scope of this Policy; Third Party Websites
Although this policy applies to the all information obtained from you for the purpose of accessing or using content controlled and owned by OutRight, it does not apply to businesses or entities that are not owned or controlled by us.
This website contains links to other third party websites (e.g. Google forms for applications, Soapbox Engage displayed at the bottom of our donation page). Please be aware that OutRight does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third party sites.
Opt-In Policy
You may "opt in" to receive newsletters and other useful information from us. To unsubscribe from our mailings , you may use our unsubscribe form to have your email removed from our list.
Encryption
OutRight's website --outrightinternational.org-- uses Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption for secure browsing.
Amendments
Outright reserves the right to amend this policy at any time and will post a notice of changes on its web site, when and if the terms of this policy are amended.
Contact
You may contact OutRight directly by e-mailing inquiries to hello[at]outrightinternational.org should you have any questions regarding this policy.
Cookie Settings
How OutRight uses cookies:
When visiting OutRight’s website from your device, you may be asked to allow the use of Cookies by our webpage. Allowing their use enables better functionality and performance of our webpage and also an enhanced user experience. This is done through tracking your activity and visits.
Cookies being used:
Essential Website Cookies: These cookies are necessary for website function. Choosing to block or disable them will result in altered website performance
Performance and Functionality Cookies: These cookies enhance the performance and functionality of the website but are not necessary for website use.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies and why do we use them?
Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your computer/device when you visit a webpage. They are used to remember and store information so that you have an enhanced experience and the website works more efficiently through tracking your online visits and activity. Having stored information makes it so that the website does not have to repeatedly ask for information, preventing slower loading times and giving you a customized browsing experience.
There are different types of cookies and they each perform different functions. The cookies in use by OutRight and our webpage are as follows:
Essential Website Cookies: These cookies are necessary for website function. Choosing to block or disable them will result in altered website performance
Performance and Functionality Cookies: These cookies enhance the performance and functionality of the website but are not necessary for website use
How we use cookies
When collecting information through forms for our updates, mailing lists, and donations, we use third party websites, which include “third party cookies”. OutRight updates and mailing list are managed through MailChimp while all donations are managed through Soapbox. Clicking the links will take you to their terms of service and cookie policy pages.
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at hello@outrightinternational.org.
At OutRight, we do not collect active data from cookies, however we do use Google
Analytics where our preferences are set to only retain information for 26 months.
Adjusting your cookie preferences
At any time you may choose to change your cookie settings. This can be done through your browser. Keep in mind that disabling some cookie settings will make it difficult to navigate some websites.
If you do choose to disable cookies while visiting OutRight, you will still be able to use our website. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available.
More information about cookies
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at hello@outrightinternational.org.
HOW YOU CAN HELP
Stay informed by registering to receive breaking news from the field.
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTERS