https://www.ecosecretariat.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarLast updated: May 2020.
This page informs you of the policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use this website. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
By using this website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the Terms of Service, accessible here.
Information Collection And Use
While using this website, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
For internal purposes, your Personal Information is used to communicate with you and provide the information you have requested, and to provide a more tailored experience for you. It’s also used to improve my services, for research purposes and marketing/promotional purposes, among others. By visiting this site and agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you affirmatively consent to the collection and use of your data.
Log Data
Information from your browser is collected whenever you visit this website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of this website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
These “cookies” are used to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this website.
Website Providers
Third parties may be employed to facilitate this website operations or to assist me in analyzing how this website is used.
These third parties have limited access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on my behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is very important to me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or any method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Affiliate Disclosure
The Economic Secretariat is an affiliate of many online tools, services, and products. Links on this website may be affiliate links which can earn commissions for purchases that are made by visitors to this site.
These are promotional links that can be used to track a visitor’s purchase and credit it to The Economic Secretariat. This comes at no additional cost to you and my goal is to always provide the very best reviews and recommendations. If you have any questions, please contact me.
Links To Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by me. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites.
Children’s Privacy
This website does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided me with Personal Information, please contact me. If it’s discovered that a child under 18 has provided me with Personal Information, I will delete such information from my servers immediately.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may contact me to correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to me.
Compliance With Laws
I will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact me here.
Primary SidebarPOPULAR ARTICLES
How To Make Money Online From Home: Top 14 Best Online Jobs in 2020
Lead Generation Review: Smartest or Dumbest Business Model of 2020?
error: Alert: Content is protected !!