http://www.benedelman.org/spyware/whenu-privacy
WhenU
Violates Own Privacy Policy
Benjamin
Edelman - Spyware Research, Legislation, and Suits
[
Background - WhenU's Privacy
Promise -
Findings - Response
- Discussion - Disclosures
]
Abstract:
WhenU software is shown to make transmissions of which URLs users visit,
precisely contrary to WhenU's privacy policy and the company's other statements.
Related
Projects
Advertisers
Using WhenU
180solutions
& Affiliate Commissions
WhenU Spams Google, Breaks
Google "No Cloaking" Rules
WhenU Copies 26+ Articles
from 20+ News Sites
WhenU.com, Inc., v. The
State of Utah
Documentation
of Gator Advertisements and Targeting
"Spyware": Research, Testing,
Legislation, Suits
Other Research by Ben Edelman
Background
Makers of spyware take varied approaches towards public perceptions
of their products. Some try to stay below the radar -- even declining to post
a public web site. Others vigorously defend their behaviors at all available
opportunities.
WhenU is among the second class of companies -- with extensive
Internet publishing, privacy policies, in-person appearances, and other activities
which attempt to present the company's activities in a favorable light. Not
all these behaviors have been successful: For example, in WhenU
Spams Google, Breaks Google "No Cloaking" Rules, I found that
WhenU had commissioned and linked to a variety of cloaking sites which broke
search engine rules. When I brought these activities to the attention of Google
and Yahoo, the search engines removed www.whenu.com from their indexes. Similarly,
in WhenU Copies 26+ Articles from
20+ News Sites, I pointed out that twelve different WhenU servers
each contained copies of 26 or more news articles from at least 20 publications,
all without copyright notices or statements of license. When I published this
finding, WhenU removed the copies from its web server.
WhenU's search engine cloaking and article copying are controversial
activities, apparently sufficiently serious in WhenU's view that the company
stopped both practices subsequent to my public releases documenting these practices.
But some ten months after I first brought to WhenU's attention the fact that
its software seriously and frequently violates its own privacy policy, WhenU
continues the transmissions at issue. Only subsequent to the release of this
article has WhenU modified any (and still not all) of its false privacy promises.
This article describes my specific findings of transmissions
contrary to WhenU's privacy policy and contrary to WhenU's various other privacy
promises.
Return to top
WhenU's Privacy Promise
On
its web site, in its privacy policy, in its software installation programs,
and in its comments at official proceedings, WhenU purports to be intensely
protective of users' privacy. On its home page, WhenU promises that its software
operates "without compromising their [users'] privacy," a claim which
WhenU elaborates in greater detail in its Privacy Statement:
"As the user surfs the Internet, URLS visited by
the user (i.e. the user's 'clickstream data') are NOT transmitted to WhenU.com
or any third party server." (screen-shot
made May 20, 2004)
WhenU deems its privacy rules so important that it places a
conspicuous additional privacy promise in the setup programs that install many
of its programs. See installer screen-shots (prepared
May 20-22, 2004) (highlighting added) in
which WhenU promises:
"Save! ... doesn't collect or send your browsing
activity anywhere."
"SaveNow ... does not track, collect, or send your browsing activity
anywhere."
Other WhenU pages and WhenU partner pages make equally explicit
privacy promises. See e.g. WhenU's About
SaveNow page (screen-shot and partner
screen-shot made May 25, 2004):
"WhenU.com does NOT transmit URLs visited by the
user to WhenU.com or any third-party server."
WhenU's Save!
FAQ expands on this promise. See screen-shot
(made June 21, 2004):
"Where you go and what you do while you are online
is NOT sent back to WhenU.com"
The WhenU "readme" file (readme.txt in the
Whenu or Save directory on users' computers) contains a similar promise. See
readme.txt screen-shot (made
June 3, 2004):
"WhenU.com does NOT transmit URLs visited by the
user to WhenU.com or any third-party server."
WhenU's "About
Save!" page makes a further explicit promise not to track browsing
history (a promised matched by WhenU's corresponding "About
SaveNow!" page). See screen-shot
(made June 21, 2004):
"Save! collects no ... browsing history."
Timetable of WhenU's privacy promises:
According to archive.org records, at least some of the text
quoted above has been posted on WhenU's site since June 2002 or earlier. (screen-shot)
As described in WhenU's Response,
WhenU changed its privacy policy subsequent to the posting of this research.
In particular, WhenU revised the privacy policy posted on some pages of its
public web sites, but failed to revise other pages, and failed to revise the
privacy policy and other privacy promises embedded within WhenU software installers.
Return
to top
My Findings
In
my testing, WhenU consistently and repeatedly breaks the promise embodied
in the quotes above. In particular, every time WhenU shows a user a pop-up advertisement,
WhenU transmits to its servers the specific URL the user had been viewing prior
to receiving the advertisement.
In order to reach this conclusion, I installed WhenU software
on a computer in my lab, and I monitored its transmissions to and from WhenU
web servers. This methodology is described in my recent FTC comments, Methods
and Effects of Spyware (PDF) (paragraphs
7-11). See also a screen-shot of my
testing in progress.
Whenever a user visits a web page and is shown a WhenU advertisement,
according to WhenU's advertisement-targeting algorithms, WhenU's software sends
a message to a WhenU web server. Among other information, this message includes
the specific web page URL that the user was viewing prior to being shown the
advertisement. A typical WhenU transmission looks like the following, sent to
a WhenU web server at web.whenu.com during recent tests:
GET /offerb?url=fci_cheaptix108&pattern=akwdId_20_2944&patid=A20_2944
&src=http%3A//www.expedia.com/default.asp%3F&ver=2.54&partner=CAST1202
&insttime=3500.81&msa=M1120%2CSMA%2CR5%2CY1122
Notice
the http://www.expedia.com/default.asp reference embedded within the
WhenU transmission - reflecting that an advertisement was shown to a user when
that user visited the specified Expedia URL. (In particular, the advertisement
displayed was fci_cheaptix108, which is available at http://spweb.whenu.com/pop_up/fci_cheaptix108_popup.html.)
Note also the inclusion of the user's MSA (roughly equivalent to zip code) as
well as information about how and when the user obtained WhenU. As part of their
ordinary IP headers, these transmissions also include users' IP addresses.
I have confirmed that this transmission is consistent with
the ordinary practice of WhenU's advertisement-display software. In my testing
of WhenU software, such transmissions are made every time WhenU shows a user
an advertisement -- typically several times per day, and sometimes a dozen or
more times during a day of active web surfing.
Comparing these transmissions with WhenU's privacy policy,
I can only conclude that WhenU's software violates WhenU's policy. WhenU's privacy
policy promises not to send such transmissions, yet the transmissions clearly
take place.
In my testing, WhenU software does not transmit to its servers
all URLs visited by WhenU users. But WhenU software does transmit to
its servers some URLs visited by WhenU users. Recall WhenU's privacy
policy promises not to transmit "URLs visited by the user (i.e. the user's
'clickstream data')." Does transmitting some of the user's clickstream
data violate the policy? No, according to WhenU, in its response
to this research. But whatever the interpretation of WhenU's privacy policy,
WhenU's actions violate the promises made in WhenU's installer programs, on
WhenU's other web pages, and on WhenU's partner sites.
The findings at issue generally apply to all WhenU client-side
software, including WhenU Save! and SaveNow, as well as to other WhenU products
that bundle Save these programs, such as WhenUSearch, WeatherCast, and ClockSync.
Return to top
Response from WhenU
WhenU's Written Response to the FTC
WhenU responded to my findings in its May
21 FTC comments (PDF). WhenU cites a definition
of "clickstream" that encompasses the entirety of a user's
web browsing activities. In WhenU's view, sending a portion of a user's
clickstream data does not constitute sending "clickstream data"
within the meaning of WhenU's privacy policy, and therefore does not constitute
a violation of that policy. I think this is not the best reading of WhenU's
original privacy policy, but it is one possible reading, if WhenU's privacy
policy is interpreted as a freestanding document.
However, WhenU's proposed interpretation of its privacy policy
is contrary to and inconsistent with other text posted elsewhere on WhenU's
site. For example, WhenU's installers simply
but specifically promise that WhenU software "doesn't collect or send
your browsing activity anywhere." Similarly, WhenU's About
SaveNow page (screen-shot made May 25) claims that
WhenU "does not transmit URLs viewed by the user." Interpreting
these promises does not require a definition of "clickstream." Rather,
they simply state, unambiguously, that WhenU will not transmit data that in
fact WhenU does transmit. As a result, I stand by my prior conclusion that
WhenU violates its privacy policy.
WhenU's Partial Revisions to Its Sites
On or around May 22, 2004, but after May 20, 2004 (when I first
posted this page), WhenU modified at least one copy of its privacy policy in
a way that better describes the company's actual practices.
WhenU's original privacy policy said WhenU would not transmit
"URLS visited by the user (i.e. the user's 'clickstream data')"
WhenU subsequently revised the policy (as posted to www.whenu.com/privacy.html)
to promise not to transmit "your 'clickstream data' (i.e. a log of
all the sites you visit)"
Compare this screen-shot of WhenU's
privacy policy, as it stood on May 20, 2004, with WhenU's
revised privacy policy as currently posted.
If WhenU can in fact change its privacy policy without notice,
as WhenU's license agreement claims (see discussion of notice),
then WhenU's privacy policy change might be thought to eliminate prospective
harm -- even as to users who have already accepted WhenU software on the basis
of WhenU's old privacy policy.
However, WhenU has not fully implemented the recent change
to its privacy policy: Numerous old privacy statements remain available elesewhere
on WhenU's site and within WhenU software still distributed on WhenU's official
sites and beyond.
WhenU's old, false statements about privacy remain posted
to its About SaveNow page (screen-shot
made May 25), which is linked from distribution partner RadLight's
Adware page. As a result,
when users turn to RadLight for information about the behavior of programs
bundled with RadLight, they continue to get false information about WhenU's
actual behavior. In addition, WhenU's old privacy statement also remains posted
to its WhenUSearch License page (screen-shot
made May 25).
Furthermore, the WhenU WeatherCast installers (available
on getweathercast and on WhenU's
Products page) continue to promise that WhenU "... doesn't collect
or send your browsing activity anywhere" and continue to include
license agreements stating that "URLS visited by the user (i.e. the
user's 'clickstream data') are NOT transmitted to WhenU.com or any third party
server" (quotes still matching WhenU's original promises). Installers
for WhenU's clocksync, SaveNow, and WhenUShop products continue to include
similar or identical text (see screen-shots),
as does the BearShare installer. (Installers last checked on July 1.) WhenU's
false promises also remain in the readme.txt files in the WhenU folder on
users' PCs. See screen-shot (made
June 3, 2004).
With conflicting information available on various parts of
WhenU's own sites, and on WhenU's major partners' sites,users currently cannot
know precisely how WhenU does and does not protect their privacy.
Return to top
Discussion
Many spyware programs and other unwanted
software programs make far-reaching promises about their
privacy policies, including what data they collect and how they use this data.
Such promises are valuable to users, who rely on these promises in deciding
what software to install. However, in general there is little to stop a company
from violating its privacy policy, even on a long-term and widespread basis.
Further research, investigation, and reporting is necessary, as to a wide variety
of software programs, to better document the scope and extent of programs violating
their own privacy policies.
I'm puzzled by the fact that I brought this violation to WhenU's
attention in July 2003, yet WhenU company took no steps to address the situation
until after I posted this page to the public in late May 2004. At any time during
this ten-month period, WhenU could have modified its software to comply with
its existing privacy policy and installer screens, or WhenU could have revised
its privacy policy and installers to accurately describe what its software does.
WhenU's delayed revisions are particularly puzzling because WhenU took no such
action even following my March 19 submission
(PDF) of this same violation to the FTC's
call for comments
on spyware and even following oral FTC workshop comments from Chris
Hoofnagle (associate director of the Electronic
Privacy Information Center) specifically mentioning my findings, with WhenU's
CEO and counsel present in the audience. These many delays -- ten months since
I first alerted WhenU to its apparent privacy policy violation, and two months
since I first told the public -- are difficult to reconcile with WhenU's repeated
promise of concern for users' privacy.
I'm also a bit surprised by the limited public response since
I brought this violation to the attention of the public in March 2004. In contrast,
similar findings in the past have led to widespread outcry and, indeed litigation.
For example, less than two weeks after Richard
Smith's October 1999 release of The
RealJukeBox Monitoring System (showing transmissions by RealJukeBox contrary
to Real's license agreement and privacy policy),
RealNetworks faced at
least two class action suits as to its practices in violation of its privacy
policy. Similar litigation proceeded against Alexa
Internet (Supnick v. Amazon.com, Inc. & Alexa Internet), leading to
a multi-million dollar settlement.
WhenU's current
privacy policy states that "WhenU.com may update its privacy policy
for the software at any time," without any detail as to whether or how
WhenU will notify users of such changes. WhenU's recent change is significant
-- eliminating a promise WhenU previously listed prominently in its privacy
policy and in its software installers. Can WhenU change this policy, as to its
30-million user installed base, merely by modifying a web page on its web site,
without any attempt to alert users to the change? Some companies specifically
promise to notify users of major privacy policy changes (e.g. AOL:
"If policy changes are substantial, we will notify each of our members
individually through pop-up screens or e-mails"). Others do not (e.g. Google:
"Google may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When
we do, we will post those changes on this page"). My research and testing
indicate that WhenU, like Google, generally does not know the email addresses
of its users -- so WhenU likely could not send email notifications to its users,
even if it wanted to do so. However, like AOL, WhenU could show each of its
users a pop-up message -- describing the change in privacy policy, and explaining
how to uninstall WhenU software if the new privacy policy is not acceptable.
Such an approach would not cure WhenU's past violation of its privacy policy,
but it might begin to prevent future violations by giving WhenU meaningful notice
of WhenU's true effects on their privacy.
A careful review of archive.org indicates that WhenU's false
statement of its privacy practice replaced an accurate statement present in
an older version of WhenU's web site. At least one old WhenU web page, still
captured in archive.org, said "SaveNow does not transmit a full history
of URLs visited by the user" (screen-shot).
However, this page was removed from WhenU's public web site in late 2001 or
early 2002. I consider this old page accurate because it allowed for the behavior
WhenU's software actually performs, and because its narrow denial ("does
not transmit a full history") implicitly, though confusingly, tells users
that SaveNow does transmit a partial history of URLs visited. Had WhenU retained
this original statement, and had it added no contrary statements, I would not
consider its behaviors to violate its privacy policy.
Return to top
Disclosures
My interest in spyware originally arose in part from a prior
consulting engagement in which I served as an expert to parties adverse to Gator
in litigation. See Washingtonpost.Newsweek
Interactive Company, LLC, et al. v. the Gator Corporation. More recently,
I have served as an expert or consultant to other parties adverse to spyware
companies in litigation or contemplated litigation, including 1-800 Contacts,
Quicken Loans, and Wells Fargo, all companies adverse to WhenU.
This page is my own work - created on my own, without approval
by any client, without payment from any client.
This page is adapted from my March 2004 FTC comments, Methods
and Effects of Spyware (PDF) (primarily
paragraphs 7-12). I originally found the privacy violation at issue in
the course of preparation to testify at a preliminary injunction hearing in
a case brought by Quicken Loans and Wells Fargo against WhenU. My finding was
brought to WhenU's attention in the course of that litigation, namely in my
July 2003 declaration in that matter as well as in my subsequent oral testimony.
My inspiration for this research, and this method of research,
came in large part from Richard Smith's
The RealJukeBox
Monitoring System (October 1999).
Last Updated: July 1, 2004 - Sign
up for notification of major updates and related work.