http://www.nhcaa.org/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Revised: May 25, 2018
The National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association (NHCAA) respects the privacy of members and guests who visit the NHCAA websites including, /, https://edcenter.nhcaa.org/, https://nhcaa.peachnewmedia.com/, http://www.ghcan.org/ and http://connect.nhcaa.org/home. We encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically to be informed about how we are handling your personal information.
NHCAA does not collect information through its websites without the knowledge of its members or guests. Maintaining the trust of our members and visitors is critical to our success as an organization, and this Privacy Policy is intended to make you as comfortable as possible when visiting our websites and using our online services.
Please be sure to read this privacy policy as registering for an event online or using any of NHCAA's websites, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound to this privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERM AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
This privacy policy will provide you with information on our policies regarding:
The Types of Information Collected
How NHCAA Uses Your Personal Information
Resale or Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Cookies???What Are They and How Are They Used?
For Members of NHCAA
Special Information for EU Users Only
Credit Card Security
Email
Accessing Links to external sites
NHCAA Connect
Contact Us
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED BY NHCAA
NHCAA requires that visitors provide information to access certain areas of its websites or to receive customized information. This information may include your username and password, full name, title, organization, telephone number, fax number, email and mailing address voluntarily provided by individuals who register with NHCAA's sites. For individuals who register for conferences additional payment-related information will be collected such as your credit card number, expiration date, billing address and payment account name.
We may collect additional content and information that you voluntarily provide such as when you post a discussion, submit a complaint or send us emails. If you are asked to provide personal information, you may choose to decline. Please note that if you choose to decline, you may not be able to use some of our features, products and services.
HOW NHCAA USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In order to maintain the integrity of the personal information we collect, we use computer encryption technology to protect your information from unauthorized access or release. NHCAA may use email or mailing addresses voluntarily provided by site visitors to notify them of upcoming events, new additions to the NHCAA websites or other products and services offered by NHCAA. If you are a member or visitor and do not wish to receive such notifications via email, please contact us at nhcaa@nhcaa.org. Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribed link within any marketing message that you receive.
RESALE OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
NHCAA does not disclose to third parties any information it gathers from its websites which could be used to track your individual access and navigation of our site. We provide our Premier, Platinum Supporting Members and exhibitors with a pre-conference and post-conference mailing list of attendees for its Annual Training Conference. Each list is limited to one-time use. These lists disclose name, title, organization and mailing address; email addresses and phone numbers are not provided. The attendee list, minus the mailing address, is also made available to Annual Training Conference attendees. NHCAA does not make its attendees list available to any other third party.
COOKIES???WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW ARE THEY USED?
A ???cookie??? is a small text file stored on the user's computer containing information about the user. This information helps us to statistically monitor how many people are using the site and for what purpose. We use cookies on our website to personalize and customize the experience of our visitors and to support multiple levels of access to the NHCAA website. We also use cookies to better understand how our visitors use the site.
FOR MEMBERS OF NHCAA
By registering for a password and logging onto the member-level areas of the NHCAA Web site, registered members only need to enter their user name and password to access NHCAA Web site once, utilizing enabled cookies. For subsequent visits, the Web site ???remembers??? your user name and password. This is done by use of a cookie (see explanation above). If a user's browser is configured to reject the cookie, he or she may still access the NHCAA Web site. But in order to access password protected areas of the site the user may be required to log-in upon each visit, otherwise the user will be limited to the Guest portions of the site.
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EU USERS ONLY
Beginning May 25, 2018, the collection and processing of personal data of users in the European Union is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (???GDPR???).
NHCAA normally will not use your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will inform you and obtain your consent if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data.??You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data.??You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the??Contact Us??section on our Site.
CREDIT CARD SECURITY
Currently, this site collects information (see Types of Information Collected) voluntarily provided by individuals who register for NHCAA conferences or purchase NHCAA products online. Sensitive information, such as your credit card number are encrypted and protected with encryption software SSL when transmitted to NHCAA. Credit card information is not stored or re-used in any manner. Only authorized personnel with specific IDs and passwords can access credit card information solely for the purpose of processing authorized transactions.
EMAIL
Messages that you send to NHCAA via email may not be secure. NHCAA suggests that you not send any confidential information to us via email. If you choose to send confidential information to us via email, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept your information.
ACCESSING LINKS TO EXTERNAL SITES
The NHCAA Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content information contained in the links of other sites. We encourage users when they leave our Web site to read the privacy statements of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
NHCAA CONNECT
Please note that any information you include in a message you post on NHCAA CONNECT or other public forums (social media) is available to anyone with access. For example, if you do not want others to know your email address, please do not include it in any discussions you post on NHCAA CONNECT. NHCAA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CONNECT OR ANY OTHER PUBLIC FORUMS.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns regarding what is done with information provided via this site, you are encouraged to contact us at nhcaa@nhcaa.org or mail to 1220 L Street, NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC 20005.
Upcoming EventsDecember 17, 2020Webinar: Webinar: Top Schemes of 2020
Fraud Reporting & Other Resources
Platinum & Premier Supporting Members
Facebook
Follow NHCAA on Facebook by clicking "Like" below
Resources
Click here to view Fraud Reporting & Other resources supported by the NHCAA, including the Most Wanted Fugitives, Career Connection, Reporting Health Care Fraud & More.