http://www.roomtoread.org/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Copyright; Permitted Uses; Restrictions on Use
Materials available on the Room to Read® web site are protected by copyright law. © 2002-2017 Room to Read. All rights reserved. Images, materials, software and information may not be copied, downloaded or reproduced for commercial purposes without our express written permission. Other copyrights that appear on our Web site are the property of the respective owners. Access to and use of the Room to Read® web site is provided subject to the Terms and Conditions set forth below. These Terms and Conditions contain warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, linking guidelines and restrictions on use.
Trademarks
Listed below are the trademarks of Room to Read. Nothing contained on this site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this site without the express written permission of Room to Read. Other icons, trademarks, trade dress or other commercial symbols that appear on the Room to Read® web site are the property of the respective owners.
Room to Read® is a registered trademark of Room to Read.World Change Starts With Educated Children.® is a registered trademark of Room to Read.The Room to Read logo is a registered trademark of Room to Read.
Terms and Conditions
Room to Read provides all information on the Room to Read® World-Wide Web site (together with the underlying source HTML files that implement the hypertext features, this "Site") exclusively under the following Terms and Conditions:
Ownership, License & Restrictions on Use
All right, title, and interest (including all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights) in this Site belong to Room to Read. In addition, the names, images, pictures, logos, and icons identifying Room to Read programs and services in many countries are proprietary marks of Room to Read and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Except as expressly provided below, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, under copyright or other intellectual property rights.
You are hereby granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited license to view, reproduce, print, and distribute insignificant portions of materials retrieved from this Site provided: (a) it is used only for informational, non-commercial purposes; and (b) you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices. Except as expressly provided above, no part of this Site, including but not limited to materials retrieved therefrom and the underlying code, may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means. In no event shall materials from this Site be stored in any information storage and retrieval system without prior written permission from Room to Read.
Use, duplication, or disclosure by or for the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19.
Uploading Material to the Site
Any content you upload to the Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and Room to Read has the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose. Room to Read also has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to the Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
Room to Read will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the Site.
Room to Read has the right to remove any content or posting you make on the Site, if, in our opinion, such material is not suitable for the Site.
Linking
You may provide hot links to this Site provided: (a) you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, advertisements, the copyright notice, or other notices on this Site; (b) you give Room to Read notice of such link by sending an e-mail to; and (c) you discontinue providing hot links to this Site if notified by Room to Read
Disclaimers
This Site is provided on an "as is", "as available" basis and room to read expressly disclaims all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.
Room to Read disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of, or any way related to: (a) any errors in or omissions from this Site and its content, including but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors; (b) any third party web sites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through hot links in this Site, including but not limited to any errors in or omissions therefrom; (c) the unavailability of this Site or any portion thereof; (d) your use of this Site; or (e) your use of any equipment or software in connection with this Site.
Limitation of Liability
A covered party (as defined below) shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and lost profits or savings) in any way due to, resulting from, or arising in connection with this Site, including its content, regardless of any negligence of any covered party. "Covered Party" means Room to Read, its affiliates, and any officer, director, employee, subcontractor, agent, successor, or assign of Room to Read or its affiliates.
Product & Service Availability in Foreign Countries
This Site may contain references or cross references to Room to Read programs and services that are not available in every country.
Governing Laws in Case of Dispute; Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, USA, as they apply to agreements made and solely performed therein. Disputes arising hereunder shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the United States of America and/or the State Courts of Washington and jurisdiction therefor shall rest solely in Washington, USA.
Changes to Site and these Terms and Conditions
This Site and these Terms and Conditions may be changed by Room to Read with or without notice. Please review this link on a regular basis for changes. Continued use of this Site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.
Entire Agreement; Severability
These Terms and Conditions incorporate by reference any notices contained on this Site and constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and use of this Site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE...
IF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE IN FULL, YOU MUST IMMEDATELY TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Disclosure Statements
Room to Read's financial report is always sent free to anyone requesting a copy. Certain states require us to advise you that a copy of our financial report is available from them. Information concerning Room to Read, including financial or charitable purposes, may be obtained, without cost, by writing to our principal place of business at the following address: Room to Read, 465 California Street, Suite 1000, San Francisco, CA, 94104, or by calling 415-839-4400. In addition, residents of the following states may obtain financial and/or licensing information from their states, as indicated. Registration with these states, or any other state, does not imply endorsement by the state.
Florida: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. Florida Registration #CH35867• 1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352)• www.FloridaConsumerHelp.com
Georgia: The following will be sent upon request: a full and fair description of the programs and activities of Room to Read; and a financial statement or summary, consistent with the requirements of Georgia Code § 43-17-5.
Maryland: Copies of documents and information submitted by Room to Read under the Maryland Solicitations Act are available for the cost of copies and postage from the Secretary of State, Statehouse, Annapolis, MD 21401, 1-410-974-5534.
Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of Room to Read may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State's office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement by the Secretary of State.
New Jersey: INFORMATION FILED WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL CONCERNING THIS CHARITABLE SOLICITATION AND THE PERCENTAGE OF CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED BY THE CHARITY DURING THE LAST REPORTING PERIOD THAT WERE DEDICATED TO THE CHARITABLE PURPOSE MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY BY CALLING (973) 504-6215 AND IS AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET AT http://www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/charfrm.htm. REGISTRATION WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT.
New York: New York residents may obtain a copy of Room to Read’s annual report by writing to the Office of the Attorney General, Department of Law, Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271.
North Carolina: Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1-888-830-4989 (within North Carolina) or 919-807-2214 (outside of North Carolina). The license is not an endorsement by the State.
Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information of Room to Read may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
Virginia: A copy of Room to Read’s financial statement is available from the State Office of Consumer Affairs, Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, PO Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
Washington: Financial or other information is available from the Corporations Division, Office of the Secretary of State, PO Box 40234. Olympia, WA 98504-0234 or by calling 1-800-332-4483 (within state) or 1-360-725-0378.
West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305. Registration does not imply endorsement.
×
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies.
Find out more.