https://www.christianspeaker.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Listing Policy
The Christian Speaker Network LLC website (the Site) is a subscriber-based (aka member-based) service for Christian speakers. All registrations are approved or denied on an individual basis.
Once registered and paid, the speaker becomes member of the Site directory and the owner of his/her profile page.
Any profiles or member bios that are not considered appropriate based on our own subjective discretion may be subject to removal from our database.
Christian Speaker Network LLC is not responsible for the individual content a member may post on the site in regards to copyright infringement and other legal matters. Since members have complete control over their information, we cannot be liable for what is posted, although we will take any information down if deemed inappropriate or unlawful.
Links to Other Sites
If any link is offered connecting you to a third party web site, it is as an accommodation to the respective third party site owner and without charge. Third party sites linked to and from the Site are not necessarily under the control ofChristian Speaker Network LLC.Christian Speaker Network LLC shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking program at any time.Christian Speaker Network LLC does not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which the Site is linked. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.Christian Speaker Network LLC hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Security
The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personally identifiable information.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Christian Speaker Network LLC site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use ofChristian Speaker Network LLC following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact the webmaster at info@christianspeaker.net.
Your privacy is important to us and as such, we want to ensure we are communicating to you how we use your information. This privacy policy describes your privacy rights regarding Christian Speaker Network LLC and applies to all information collected or submitted to the Site – whether via the website, phone, mobile application, social media, email, or in-person.
Email, Mailing List & Push Notifications
For website inquiries, we use your email address to answer email requests. We also use your email address, location, and preferences if you have opted to receive email marketing messages or mobile push notifications. If you select to receive marketing messages via email or text, we use your email address or text information to deliver the requested Christian Speaker Network LLC marketing messages to you. These are solely opt-in services, and it is your choice to sign up and receive information. We use the information you submit to inform you about our products and services and you can opt-out at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing messages, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or email us at info@christianspeaker.net. We have strict email marketing standards and abide by all laws and best practices regarding spam avoidance.
Social Plug-Ins
Our site includes social plug-ins, including, but not limited to, buttons for Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, and gives you the option to post information about your activities to your social media accounts. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting and may set a cookie to enable the feature functions properly. Social plug-ins are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Commitment to Data Security
Christian Speaker Network LLC uses physical, electronic and technical safeguards (such as SSL and encryption, vaulting, and access control policies) to help protect the confidentiality of your personal information and reduce the risk of loss, unauthorized access, or misuse of your personal information. When personal information is sent to our service providers, we require that they protect all personal information in a manner consistent with the standard set forth in this privacy policy.
While unlikely, if you choose to interact with Christian Speaker Network LLC through our websites, you should be aware that information transmitted electronically over the internet has the potentially to be compromised. Christian Speaker Network LLC assumes no liability for the loss of any information that you transmit to us.
If you have any questions about the security on our website you can email us at info@christianspeaker.net.
Updating Your Information
For members, you can securely log in to our websites with a username and password that you designate and can update your personal information from there. You can also contact our Member Services team directly to update information on your member account. All Christian Speaker Network LLC employees take necessary security precautions to verify your identity before making any corrections.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to our site, as well as to existing information held by us.
Questions
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, or need help accessing or modifying your information then you may contact us as indicated below. We will attempt to respond to your questions promptly after we receive them.
Christian Speaker Network LLC
866 Oak Forest
Morrow, OH 45152
Effective: February 14, 2018
Search Our Online Network of Christian SpeakersFind Speakers NowChristian Speakers: Are You Ready to Receive More Leads?Join the Network Today!
Recent News & Advice
Using Storytelling to Bring Life and Meaning to our Presentations
You Can’t Minister Using That…
Our Main Role as Christian Speakers
5 Ways to Strengthen Your Confidence
Welcome to Our Brand New Website
New Tips and Advice for Public Speaking
Eight Rules of Modern Public Speaking
Hi! Welcome back.
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Register |
Lost your password?