http://www.eesi.org/about/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Privacy Policy
The Environmental and Energy Study Institute (EESI) values your privacy. We do not share e-mail addresses or other personal information provided by EESI website users, email subscribers, or donors, except to the extent necessary to complete transactions and to abide by law.
Collection of Your Personal Information
EESI collects personal information including names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and interest areas from individuals who attend EESI events and/or want to be added to EESI information distribution lists. If you wish to be added to or removed from any of our newsletters, event notices, or other bulletins, or you just need to update your information, please send your e-mail requests to eesi@eesi.org. We will be happy to make those changes usually within five business days. All of the registration information you provide will be stored securely.
Information Logged by EESI's Web Site
For visitors to our website, EESI logs standard technical information, such as the IP address of your computer, your browser software and operating system, and the IP address of websites that link to our site. The information is used to assist EESI in diagnosing technical problems and tracking the number of visitors to our web pages.
We may use persistent and session cookies for certain website functions, such as splash pages. Session cookies expire when you exit your browser, but persistent cookies do not. Visitors may set their browser to refuse cookies, and use proxy services if you wish to keep your IP number and other technical information anonymous. Most browsers may be set to minimize the amount of data revealed.
EESI uses Java Script for some features of the website.
EESI's Use of Information
In general, EESI uses the information provided by you to further its mission and to deliver the services you have requested. EESI is a non-profit organization established in 1984 by a bipartisan Congressional caucus to provide timely information and develop innovative policy solutions that set us on a cleaner, more secure and sustainable energy and environmental path.
EESI keeps track of how visitors access the information on our web site to determine what pages and services are the most popular and how we may make improvements to our web site.
EESI provides free electronic newsletters, briefing notices, and other information to its subscribers. EESI may contact you occasionally via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of our current services or of potential new services that may be offered or to request financial support of EESI programs.
EESI does not trade, share, sell, rent, lease or otherwise provide its subscribers’ personal information to third parties, nor does EESI send mailings to its subscribers on behalf of other organizations.
Occasionally, other organizations cosponsor EESI briefings and other events. In such cases, EESI may share with the cosponsoring organization(s) the names, affiliations and emails of the individuals who participated in the event in question.
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information through EESI group communications with other organizations or other public forums, this information may be collected and used by others. EESI cautions you against providing personal information to strangers online, which they may use for illegal or harmful purposes.
EESI's Use of Donor Information
EESI does not trade, share, sell, rent, lease or otherwise provide its donors’ personal information to third parties, nor does EESI send mailings to its donors on behalf of other organizations.
This policy applies both to online and offline donations.
Online Donations
Donations to EESI via EESI’s website are processed by Braintree, a leading online payment solutions provider and a service of PayPal. Braintree uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all data submitted to and from our site over the web. For the latest information on Braintree's privacy policy, visit www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy.
Security
EESI employs reasonable security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. Information submitted through the donation processes is encrypted through Secured Socket Layer (SSL) connections, which protects the information in transit.
Other Third-Party Service Providers
EESI email subscription sign ups and blasts are operated by Salesforce Marketing Cloud, which collects information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. Salesforce Marketing Cloud does not share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for promotional use. For the latest information on Salesforce's privacy policy, visit www.salesforce.com/privacy/overview.
EESI may change third-party service providers from time to time, and will transfer stored information to the new provider subject to similar restrictions.
From time to time, EESI may work with contractors who may have access to personally identifiable information. In such cases, we will restrict their use of personally identifiable information in accordance with their assigned tasks and subject to the limitations of our privacy policy.
EESI's site provides links to a number of third-party websites such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Vimeo, etc. EESI does not have any control over the privacy practices or the business practices of third parties. EESI encourages visitors to review the privacy policies of these sites.
Disclosure of Your Information
EESI endeavors to keep your information secure. However, EESI may disclose your personal information to third parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process required by any third-party donation service; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of EESI; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of EESI services or members of the public.
Enforcement of this Privacy Policy
All EESI agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on the EESI website are bound to adhere to this policy. If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact EESI via eesi@eesi.org.
Changes to Our Policies
EESI's privacy policy may be updated from time to time. Revised privacy policies will be consistent with EESI's mission. Should we make any significant changes to our policies, we will post notices of changes on this page.
Privacy Policy last updated February 10, 2020.
About Us
Accomplishments
Advisory Board
Annual Reports and Financial Information
Board of Directors
Careers
Copyright - Creative Commons License
FAQs - EESI Overview and History
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Resolution
Funders
Goals & Strategies
History
Internships
Logo
Privacy Policy
Recognition
Staff
Testimonials
Tags / Keywords
About Us
Newsletters        Sign Up
Climate Change Solutions
EESI Impact