http://www.nickeysurf.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.nickeysurf.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”)
Nickey Surf respects the intellectual property rights of others. Per the DMCA, Nickey Surf will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement on the Site if submitted to Nickey Surf‘s Copyright contact as described below. Upon receipt of a notice alleging copyright infringement, Nickey Surf will take whatever action it deems appropriate within its sole discretion, including removal of the allegedly infringing materials and termination of access for repeat infringers of copyright protected content.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated by Nickey Surf or by a third party who has uploaded materials to our website, please provide the following information to the designated Copyright Agent listed below:
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where (specific URL) the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
An address, telephone number, and email address where we can contact you and, if different, an email address where the alleged infringing party, if not Nickey Surf, can contact you;
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use is not authorized by the copyright owner or other intellectual property rights owner, by its agent, or by law;
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on the owner’s behalf;
Your electronic or physical signature.
Nickey Surf may request additional information before removing any allegedly infringing material. In the event Nickey Surf removes the allegedly infringing materials, Nickey Surf may notify the person responsible for posting such materials that Nickey Surf removed or disabled access to the materials. Nickey Surf may also provide the responsible person with your email address so that the person may respond to your allegations.
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(c). Nickey Surf designated Copyright contact is: webmaster@nickeysurf.com
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Welcome! Welcome to NickeySurf! Hope you like our content and feel free to come back anytime.
Calendar
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Apr
QuoteYour Horoscope
Search for:
Recent Posts
Designing Home Landscapes – Tradition and Styles of Landscape Design
Yard and Garden Planning – Landscaping with Shrubs
Lead your website to success
Teeth Whitening: What Is Teeth Whitening?
Keep a Career Headed in the Right Direction
Archives
April 2020
December 2019
November 2019
May 2019
April 2019
Categories
Home
marketing
teeth whitening
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 The NickeySurf Network — Stout WordPress theme by GoDaddy