https://www.ncsf.com/privacy-policy/
Search for
Search
MEMBER NEWS
MEMBER FORMS
Agent Forms
(855) 804-7424
Blog
Contact
About NCSF
We’re a member-based fraternal organization established in 1891 to help Catholics in
communities throughout the U.S. secure their future.
In the Beginning
Find out how NCSF got started and our strong tradition of making difference.
Learn More
Our Life Insurance Products
We offer a number of key life insurance products to fit your specific needs and goals.
Need More Information?
Check out our NCSF blog and articles for helpful tips.
Learn More
Our Retirement Products
We offer a number of key retirement products to fit your specific needs and future goals.
Need More Information?
Check out our NCSF blog and articles for helpful tips.
Learn More
Serving Our Communities
NCSF is a fraternal organization serving individuals, families, and businesses in 17
states.
Need More Information?
Fraternalism provides financial products to help members protect their families while
making a positive impact in their community.
Learn
More
Our Member Services
We provide online forms to help you make changes to your life insurance, annuities and a
number of key services.
Customer Care is Important to Us
We provide easy access to online forms so that you can make policy changes and
requests.
Learn
More
Become An NCSF Agent
We invite you to take a look at NCSF and the opportunity to partner with us to help
individuals, families, and businesses protect their financial future.
Need More Information?
Life insurance and retirement products are available through independent insurance
agents whose shared values are aligned with the communities we serve.
Learn
More
Toggle navigation
MENU
Home
ABOUT US
Overview
A Positive Impact
History
Board of Directors
Message from Our CEO
Bylaws
LIFE INSURANCE
Xpress 4 U Whole Life Insurance
Cash Value Whole Life Insurance
Single Premium Whole Life
10-Pay Whole Life
20-Pay Whole Life
Ordinary Cash Value Whole Life
Cash Value Whole Life – Limited Pay to 75
Key Person Life
Low Cost Term Life
RETIREMENT
Non-Qualified Annuity
7-Year Certificate
10-Year Certificate
IRA Annuity
7-year Certificate
10-Year Certificate
Roth Annuity
7-Year Certificate
10-Year Certificate
Annuities: 5-Year MYGA
PHILANTHROPY
Member and Impact Team News
A Positive Impact
Member Benefits
Hearts and Hands
Grants
Scholarships
Create Your Legacy
Find An Impact Team
Prayer Network
MEMBER SERVICES
Member Forms
Customer Care
Member Education
Member Benefits
NCSF Trusted Partner Program
AGENT
Map
Agent Forms
Become An Agent
Product Information
Agent Education
Privacy & Security Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to the National Catholic Society of Foresters.
This notice summarizes the privacy policy and information practices of National Catholic Society of Foresters (the “Society”). In order to underwrite and administer your insurance coverage and other programs and benefits the Society may collect certain nonpublic personal information about you. This may include information such as your name, age, residence, marital status, social security number, employment information, medical information, health history, avocations, and other personal characteristics. We collect most information from you but we may obtain information from other sources such as medical professionals, employers, or business associates. In some cases we may ask an insurance support organization to collect information and submit an investigative consumer report to us. That organization may retain a copy of the report and may disclose its contents to others for whom it performs services. It is our policy to collect the minimum amount of nonpublic personal information necessary.
The Society maintains the highest level of confidentiality concerning your nonpublic personal information, including electronic data. Employees of the Home Office have been trained to protect such information, and are required to comply with our established policies and procedures. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information from being accessed by unauthorized persons.
We do not share your information with other organizations except as permitted by law. For example we may share your information with other individuals or organizations to help underwrite your insurance, process applications or administer claims, help detect fraud or criminal activity, or assist us in providing benefits to you as a part of your membership. We may also share your information with sales agents and independent brokers who are authorized by the Society; to marketing organizations or mailing companies to assist us in communicating with and providing service to you. We may also be required to comply with an information request by a government entity or regulator. If we need to share your nonpublic personal information with an affiliated institution or any third party non-affiliates, we require that they provide the same level of confidentiality and protection.
We do not sell lists of names and addresses of our members to any vendor for goods or services. Our privacy policy also extends to former members who no longer have coverage with the Society.
We may share personal information such as names, addresses, and Court function photos, with our related fraternal Courts for fraternal purposes (such as sending you information about Court meetings and events, volunteer activities, the National Catholic Forester magazine, etc.).
Keeping your information accurate and up-to-date is very important to us. If you determine that any information we have for you is incorrect, please contact us so that it may be corrected.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
Applicable California privacy legislation permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to access such information, please email CCPAREQUEST@ncsf.com. Within forty-five (45) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.
CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS ABOUT THE CCPA
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site, you may contact the Privacy Officer at: CCPAREQUEST@ncsf.com, or (800) 344-6273 ext. 219, or write us at the address below.
National Catholic Society of Foresters
Attn: Privacy Officer
320 S. School St.
Mount Prospect, IL 60056
17PP-PRIVACY  12/19
TweetSharePinShare0 Shares
Become a Member
It’s easy to become a NCSF member: Simply purchase any NCSF insurance or annuity product. For more information, speak with a NCSF agent, or call the NCSF Home Office at 800-344-6273.