https://www.accepted.com/privacy-policy
1 (310) 815-9553
support@accepted.com
Get Your Free Consultation!
Which program are you applying to?
- Select a Program -
MBA/EMBA
Law School
Grad School, PhD
MD/DO, Residency, Postbac
College
MBA
MBA/EMBA/PT MBA Consulting & Editing
The Experts
Free Admissions Guides
School Specific Essay Tips
Sample Essays
Med School
Consulting & Editing
The Experts
Free Admissions Guides
Sample Essays
Residency Admissions 101
Law School
Consulting & Editing
The Experts
Free Admissions Guides
Sample Essays
Grad School
Consulting & Editing
The Experts
Free Admissions Guides
Sample Essays
College
Consulting & Editing
The Experts
Free Admissions Guides
Sample Essays
About Us
Consultant Bios
How We Work
Client Feedback
Clients Accepted At
The Accepted Advantage
In The News
Press Room
Presentations
Openings
Blog
MBA Admissions
Med School & Residency Admissions
Law School Admissions
Grad School Admissions
College Admissions
Privacy Policy
Accepted.com, LLC (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) respects your privacy and iscommitted to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of accepted.com and its sub-domains,including any content, functionality and services offered on or through accepted.com andits sub-domains, (the "Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user.
When accessing the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you, bothautomatically and through voluntary actions you may take, during your visit. This policyapplies to information we collect on the Website and in email, text, or other electronicmessages between you and the Website.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. By using theWebsite, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If youdo not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
Children Under The Age Of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 mayprovide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personalinformation from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide anyinformation on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website,make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public commentfeatures of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including yourname, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name youmay use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believewe might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us atsupport@accepted.com.
Information We Collect About You
When you access the Website, the Company will learn certain information about youduring your visit.
Information You Provide To Us. The Website provides various places for users to provideinformation. We collect information that users provide by filling out forms on theWebsite, communicating with us via contact forms, responding to surveys, search querieson our search feature, providing comments or other feedback, and providing informationwhen ordering a product or service via the Website.We use information you provide to us to deliver the requested product and/or service, toimprove our overall performance, to answer questions and inquiries, and to provide youwith offers, promotions, and information.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technology. As you navigate through our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies including Google Analytics and Hubspot to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. This will generally include information about your location, your traffic pattern through our website, and any communications between your computer and our Website. Among other things, we will collect data about the type of computer you use, your Internet connection, your IP address, your operating system, and your browser type.
The information we collect automatically is used for statistical data and will not includepersonal information. We use this data to improve our Website and our service offerings.To the extent that you voluntarily provide personal information to us, our systems willassociate the automatically collected information with your personal information.
Use of Cookies And Pixels
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called“cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Informationgathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, thepages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after ourown, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous uniqueidentifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer forpermission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated forcookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’spreferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website toaccess the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, includingsocial media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outsidewebsites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social mediawebsite. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with thepolicies of the various social media sites.
Third Party Use Of Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served bythird-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, andapplication providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction withweb beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when youuse our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personalinformation or they may collect information, including personal information, about youronline activities over time and across different websites and other online services. Theymay use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising orother targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. Ifyou have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you shouldcontact the responsible provider directly.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of youremail messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the sameprotections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance ofinformation received online, mail, and telephone. This also applies when you register forour website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make apurchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.
Email Policies
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, orlease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to anythird parties except as allowed in the section titled Disclosure of Your Information.
We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicablefederal law.
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization willclearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact thesender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how toremove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mailcommunication from us.
Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from usand our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at any time.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-outof receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail.
How And Why We Collect Information
The Company collects your information in order to record and support your participationin the activities you select. If you register to download a book or resources, sign up forour webinars, and/or purchase a product or service from us, we collect your information.We use this information to track your preferences and to keep you informed about theproducts and services you have selected to receive and any related products and/orservices. As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providingany personal information. It is only when you seek to download resources and/or registerfor services that you are required to provide information.
If you are outside the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate inany free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for aseminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we willautomatically enroll you to receive our free educational content as well as promotions. Ifyou do not wish to receive this material, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an“unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have troubleunsubscribing, you can send an email to support@accepted.com requesting tounsubscribe from future emails.
If you are in the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in anyfree training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for aseminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will onlyenroll you to receive our free educational and promotional content if you affirmativelyconsent to it. If you do not wish to receive this content, you can unsubscribe anytime. Weinclude an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever havetrouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to support@accepted.com requesting tounsubscribe from future emails.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for purposes of presenting our Website and its contents toyou, providing you with information, providing you with offers for products and services,providing you with information about your subscriptions and products, carrying out anycontract between you and the Company, administering our business activities, providingcustomer service, and making available other items and services to our customers andprospective customers.
From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to make you offers topurchase products and services provided by third parties in exchange for a commission tobe paid to us by such third parties. Should you opt to take part in such promotions, thethird parties will receive your information.
From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to displayadvertisements to you that are tailored to your personal characteristics, interests, andactivities.
Disclosure Of Your Information
As a general rule, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any informationcollected whether automatically or through your voluntary action.We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and serviceproviders for the purpose of providing our services to you.
We may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a lawyer orcollection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service or any other agreementbetween you and the Company.
We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger,divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some orall of the Company’s asserts and/or business.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we,in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights orwhen compelled by a court or other governmental entity to do so.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?
We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the informationyou provide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes usingstandard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors.
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, werequest that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so isallowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our websitemay be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, orSSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted viaemail.
The Company may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are usedfor such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site,what information is of most and least interest, determining technical designspecifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, theCompany uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorizedattempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Policy Changes
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If wemake material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notifyyou by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice onthe Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at thebottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active anddeliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and thisprivacy policy to check for any changes.Visitors’ GDPR Rights
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and havecertain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) youasking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing dataproviders, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighedby the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rightsto either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portabilityof your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personaldata, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting thelawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal ofconsent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdictionover issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract withyou. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as acondition of entering into a contract with us.Contact Us
The Company welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy:
Accepted.com, LLC1171 S. Robertson Blvd. #140Los Angeles, CA 90035
Email Address: support@accepted.com
Effective as of May 18, 2018
Home Page
Services and Prices
MBA
Med School
Law School
Grad School
College
About Us
Contact Us
Podcast
Accepted Blog
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Client Terms of Service
Accepted 1171 S. Robertson Blvd. #140 Los Angeles CA 90035 +1 (310) 815-9553
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Youtube