http://www.lsu79.org/legal/terms
Lambda Sigma Upsilon Latino Fraternity, Inc.
Sign-in
Navigation
Home
Identity
History
Mission & Goals
Upsilon Culture
Leadership
Affiliations
Membership
Brotherhood
Interested Men
Expansion
Chapters
Fallen And Departed
Anti-Hazing Policy
Outreach
National Philanthropy
Live Safe Campaign
H.Y.P.E. Program
LSU Foundation
Donate
Media
News
Photos & Videos
Events
Resources
For Parents
F.A.Q.
Brand
Contact Us
Identity History & Goals
History
Mission and Goals
Upsilon Culture
Leadership
Affiliations
Membership Chapters & Brothers
Brotherhood
Interested Men
Expansion
Chapters
Fallen And Departed
Anti-Hazing Policy
Outreach Philanthropy
National Philanthropy
Live Safe Campaign
H.Y.P.E. Program
LSU Foundation
Donate
Media News & Events
News
Photos & Videos
Events
Resources F.A.Q. & Contact
For Parents
F.A.Q.
Brand
Contact Us
x
Press enter to search
x
Home
Terms of Service
Terms and Conditions
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at
www.freenetlaw.com.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using
this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these
terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website.
By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions you
warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
This website uses cookies.
By using this website and agreeing to these
terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance
with the terms of LSU's Privacy Policy.
LSU's details
The full name of LSU is Lambda Sigma Upsilon Latino Fraternity, Incorporated.
LSU is registered in the United State Patents and Trademark Office under
serial number 86409192. LSU's registered address is P.O. Box 68, Hoboken,
New Jersey 07030-0645, United States.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, LSU and/or its licensors own the intellectual
property rights in the website and material on the website.
Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights
are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages
from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions
set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause,
damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility
of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or
harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful
purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use,
publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any
spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or
other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities
(including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and
data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without LSU's express
written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial
communications. You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing
without LSU's express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. LSU reserves the
right to restrict access to areas of this website, or indeed this entire
website, at LSU's discretion
If LSU provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to
access restricted areas of this website or other content or services,
you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
LSU may disable your user ID and password in LSU's sole discretion
without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material
(including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material
and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever
purpose.
You grant to LSU a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free
license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your
user content in any existing or future media.
You also grant to LSU the
right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for
infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe
any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to
legal action whether against you or LSU or a third party (in each case under
any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever
been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other
similar complaint. LSU reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this
website, or stored on LSU's servers, or hosted or published upon this
website.
Notwithstanding LSU's rights under these terms and conditions in relation
to user content, LSU does not undertake to monitor the submission of such
content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties,
express or implied.
LSU makes no representations or warranties in relation
to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, LSU does
not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of
any kind.
If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical
matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
LSU will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the
law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or
otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if [NAME] has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty
implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing
in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit LSU's liability in respect
of any:
death or personal injury caused by LSU's negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of LSU; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for LSU to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of
liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not
think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, LSU has an interest in
limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.
You agree
that you will not bring any claim personally against LSU's officers or
employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations
of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect
LSU's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and
sub-contractors as well as LSU.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be,
unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability
of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify LSU and undertake to keep LSU indemnified
against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including
without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by LSU to a third
party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of LSU's legal
advisers) incurred or suffered by LSU arising out of any breach by you
of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any
claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to LSU's other rights under these terms and conditions,
if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, LSU may take such
action as LSU deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including
suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the
website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website,
contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your
access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
LSU may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.
Revised
terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date
of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.
Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current
version.
Assignment
LSU may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with LSU's rights
and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or
obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or
obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court
or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other
provisions will continue in effect.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable
provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that
part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue
in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with our Data Privacy Policy,
constitute the entire agreement between you and LSU in relation to your
use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of
your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance
with laws of the State of New Jersey, and any disputes relating to these
terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the State of New Jersey.
Home
Terms of Service
Est. April 5, 1979Latinos Siempre UnidosLambda Sigma UpsilonLatino Fraternity, Inc.
Identity
History
Mission
Upsilon Culture
Leadership
Affiliations
Membership
Brotherhood
Interested Men
Expansion
Chapters
Fallen and Departed
Anti-Hazing Policy
Outreach
Philanthropy
Live Safe
H.Y.P.E. Program
LSU Foundation
Donate
Media
News
Photos & Videos
Events
Resources
Parents
F.A.Q.
Brand
Contact
All rights reserved. www.LSU79.org
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy