http://www.sacschools.org/privacy-policy
Home
Our Schools
High School
Welcome
Virtual Instruction
Cafeteria
NCCHS Daily Schedule
NCCHS Dress Code
Guidance Department
Virtual Guidance
Academic Requirements
Testing & Assessment
College & Career Information
Scholastic Support
Scholarships
Senior Resource Page
Mental Health
Parent Corner
Junior Resource Page
Home and School
FAQs
NCCHS Calendar
Academics
NCCHS Athletics
NCCHS Athletic Boosters
Multi-Sport Schedules
Athletic Accolades
Faith Formation
Monday Message
Advent Project
Honor Guard
NCCHS Faculty
Clubs & Organizations
Band
Band Boosters
Concert Band
Marching Band
Drama
Elementary & Middle School
Welcome
Mr. B's Blog
Home and School
PantherFest
NCCE/MS Volunteer Hours
Parking Lot Procedure
Uniform Policy
Spirit Wear
Scholastic Book Fair
Service
Teacher Recognition
NCCE/MS Calendar
Academics
Young Fives
Kindergarten
Grade 1
Grade 2
Grade 3
Grade 4
Grade 5
Grade 6
Grade 7
Grade 8
8th Grade NCCHS Scholarships
Physical Education
Spanish Curriculum
Computer Technology
Visual Arts
Music Education
Band
NCCE/MS Athletics
Sport Registration
Fish Fry
Panther Cub Clinic
Faith Formation
NCCE/MS Faculty
Clubs & Organizations
Pre-K & Montessori
Traditional Preschool
Montessori
About Nouvel
Contact Us
Skyward
History of NCC Schools
Father Henri Nouvel
Board of Trustees
Board Documents
School Logo Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
Admissions
Visit Nouvel
Virtual Admissions
Admissions Virtual Tours
Virtual Open House
Early Elementary Open House
Elementary Open House
Middle School Open House
High School Open House
Inquire
Shadow Day Program
Choose Nouvel
Enrollment
New Student Application
Student Registration
Preschool Registration
Student Aid
Tuition & Value
Participating Parish Rate
Scholarships & Student Aid
SCRIP - Tuition Rebate Incentive
Events & News
All Nouvel News
Return to School
COVID Reporting
Welcome Back Videos
Welcome New Staff
Employment Opportunities
COVID-19 Teacher Grant
Excellence In Teaching Award
Advancement
Annual Giving
One Word. One Gift.
One Word Testimonials
Support Nouvel
Advancement
Memorial Giving
Matching Gifts
Endowment
Planned Giving
Community Support
Fundraising Requests
Share Your Story
Alumni
Alumni Spotlight
Support Catholic Education
Reunions
Sports Hall of Fame
Blair White
Jenny Ryan
NCC Football
Privacy Policy
About Nouvel
Contact Us
Skyward
History of NCC Schools
Board of Trustees
School Logo Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Nouvel Catholic Central collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.NouvelCatholic.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Nouvel Catholic Central .
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Nouvel Catholic Central may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process payments.
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails.
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Nouvel Catholic Central  has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: info@nouvelcatholic.org.