http://www.ukcertificates.com/privacy/
Services have now been closed
UK Certificates Privacy and Cookies Policy
Who we are
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to Tracesmart Ltd.
References to “our Website” or “the Website” are to
www.ukcertificates.com.
What information we collect and how
The information we collect via the Website may include.
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number
etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing
agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will
not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on
products and offers).
Your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration and functionality, and your general internet
usage, by using Cookies. These are files that contain information that is transferred to and stored on your computer or
mobile device. Cookies enable us to operate our Website effectively and deliver a better and more personalised service
to our Users. Our Cookies are not used to collect personally identifiable information about you.
Types of Cookies
We categorise below the types of Cookies that we use, together with a brief description of what they are used for. This list
is not exhaustive:
Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary Cookies are essential to enable you to receive a Service on our Website. This includes for example, Cookies
enabling you to log into the Website so that we can authenticate your access to your Account and purchase Services and so as to
comply with the law (e.g. to help keep your visit to the Website secure). They also enable us to provide help facilities such as
"Live Chat". We would not be able to operate our Website without using such strictly necessary Cookies.
Functionality
Functionality Cookies allow the Website to store information about your preferences when you return, so as to allow us to
customise our Website according to your individual interests. They also allow us to note your browser’s capabilities so
that everyone’s browsing is as responsive as possible and by measuring any errors that occur so that they can be resolved
swiftly.
Performance
Performance Cookies collect information about how you may use our Website, for instance to estimate our audience size and usage
pattern. This includes website analytics Cookies such as those provided by
Google.com.
Social Network Sharing
Where you elect to share online content
through social networks like Facebook and Twitter, these Companies may set third party
Cookies on your device. Some parts of our Website may also use AddThis to provide sharing features. Their Privacy Policies can
be accessed as follows:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
http://twitter.com/privacy
http://www.addthis.com/privacy
By using our site you are deemed to accept the Website Terms of Use incorporating this Privacy and Cookies Policy and consent to
our use of Cookies. You may withdraw this consent by activating the settings on your browser which allows you to refuse the
setting of Cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have
adjusted your browser’s settings so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies when you log on to our
Website. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser’s menu,
or by visiting: www.allaboutcookies.org. For information about how
to delete cookies from your mobile phone, tablet or other handheld device you will need to refer to the "help"
function or relevant operating manual.
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order, to provide after sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver
products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service);
In certain cases we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and
sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including address and payment of £10 to cover administration expenses to the following address:
Data Protection Compliance Officer
Tracesmart Ltd T/A UK Certificates
Global Reach
Dunleavy Drive
Cardiff
CF11 0SN
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which you may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
UK Certificates Home |
Privacy Policy |
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © UKCertificates.com