http://www.naropa.edu/registrar/privacy-records/index.php
Home
Office of the Registrar
Privacy and Your Records
Transcript Request Procedure
Verify Your Degree
Family Education Rights & Privacy Act
Notification
Privacy and Your Records
The Registrar’s Office holds your academic records. Through our office you may request
a transcript, change your address, and view your records. We also hold information
on FERPA, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, which protects the
privacy of your records.
Your Records
Transcript Request Procedure: How to obtain an official transcript.
View Your Records through MyNaropa: Current students may view an unofficial transcript and other records through this
system.
Obtain a Copy of Your Diploma: The form and instructions for obtaining a copy of your diploma, including those needing
apostilles.
View Student File: Students may make an appointment to view their records by calling 303-546-3500. Records
may be copied for $1 per page or a maximum of $30. We do not copy third-party documents
such as transcripts from other schools.
Verification
Verifying Degrees: Businesses may verify degrees earned by Naropa University alumni through the National Student Clearinghouse's degree verification system.  Please note that some students may have signed a Request
for Non-release of Information and degrees earned by these students will not be verifiable
through this system or through the university.
Verify Current Enrollment: Current students may print an enrollment verification certificate for a semester
after the last day of drop/add for that semester. Log into MyNaropa to use this service.
Privacy
Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act: Learn more about The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 and how your rights are protected. To restrict or release your academic records,
please sign onto MyNaropa and fill out one of the following forms found under the
Student and Alumni tab:
Request for Non-release of Student Directory Information: Use this to keep us from releasing any of your information, including restricting
verification of your degree.Student Waiver of FERPA Rights: Use this form to allow another person to view your records.
©