http://www.electionaccess.org/help/privacy/
Home
Help
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The International Foundation for Electoral Systems (IFES) respects the right to privacy of visitors to our websites. IFES hosts or controls various websites, including www.IFES.org, www.ElectionAccess.org, www.BuyersGuide.org, www.ElectionGuide.org and www.SWMENA.org. This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors and users of websites hosted or controlled by IFES that link to this Privacy Policy.
OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide
Our websites allow you to provide personal information such as name, address, email address and telephone number. Our websites may request you to provide information regarding your interests or to sign up for specific types of communications from us.
Information Collected Through Technology
We and our third party service providers may use technology to automatically collect and store certain types of information whenever you interact with websites. Examples of technologies used include: log files, cookies and pixel tags:
Log files are small text files that websites automatically create when a user visits a site. Log files allow us to collect navigational information about your visit on our website, such as the URL of the page from which you arrived, your IP address and technical information regarding your device used to visit our website, such as browser type and version.
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives of visitors to their sites. A cookie contains a unique code, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that was visited previously. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our site before, how you navigate our website and your preferences.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs and clear GIFs) are nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic images on a webpage or in an email message. Pixel tags may be used to collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies, as noted above. Pixel tags in emails help us confirm the receipt of, and response to, our emails and the time our email is viewed. In addition, we may collect information related to when and where you “click-through” in an email to one of our websites.
We may also use other technologies to automatically collect and store similar information related to your interactions with our website and emails.
Use of information
We will use your information to respond to your specific requests. We will also use information about you to contact you via email, regular mail or other forms of communication in the future to tell you about IFES events, IFES publications, changes to this privacy policy and to customize our communications to you.
The information collected through technology helps us personalize your experience, better understand how our site is used and improve our websites and emails.
INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES
1. Service Providers
Please be aware that we may use third parties to assist us with this website. Some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: hosting the website; processing donations; providing fraud prevention services; monitoring and analyzing site activity; conducting surveys; and administering emails. These third parties may have access to and use of the information collected from you in order to perform services for us.
2. Partners
We may occasionally participate in events, programs or projects with other organizations. The information you provide through your registration or indication of interest for the event, program or project may be shared among these partners.
3. Legal Disclosures
You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law; based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law; or is necessary to protect the users of our website, the website or the public.
4. Change of Control
If we were ever merged with or acquired by another organization, or if we acquire another organization or are involved in a reorganization or other change of control, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with this entity, and may also be retained by us.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
If you are visiting this website from a location outside of the United States, please keep in mind that this is a U.S.-based website. This privacy policy governs the information collected by or on behalf of this website irrespective of where you are located, when you access it, browse it and interact with it. Your personal information may be stored outside of the province, state and/or country in which you reside, and processed by us or a third party service provider as described in this privacy policy. Moreover, governmental bodies that have jurisdiction over us in the U.S. (e.g., courts and law enforcement agencies) may be entitled to access your personal information.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our information collection, use or disclosure practices. Should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going-forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contact with us at any time. You can do so by contacting us via info.communications@ifes.org.
You may also change your preferences or unsubscribe from our email newsletters through a link at the bottom of each email newsletter received from us. Please be aware, however, even if you request to be removed from our email list, you may still receive email communications regarding your specific requests, such as questions, making a donation or registering for events.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us via email at info.communications@ifes.org.
More Help
How to use this site
An explanation of the different resources available at ElectionAccess.org, including an overview of country categories and frequently asked questions.
Accessibility
Provides explanations on how to use or adjust accessibility features such as text size, theme colors, captions, and alt-text for images.
Cookies
How cookies are used by ElectionAccess.org
Privacy
Overview of privacy on ElectionAccess.org
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions for ElectionAccess.org
How can we improve this page?
Thank you for helping us.