http://www.legis.nd.gov/privacy-policy
Jump to Content
Home and Contact Links
Home
Search
Contact Us
Search:
Send me to Bill No. (9999):
North Dakota Legislative Branch
NavigationLegislative Assembly
Legislative Council
Legislative Management
News
Calendar
Video
Breadcrumb Navigation
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Records
Records received by the State of North Dakota from websites are subject to the same controls and uses as records collected by governmental offices visited in person. The Legislative Council provides security for information provided to it and does not sell information received. The Legislative Council may be required to disclose collected information pursuant to a court order. In addition, the Legislative Council may be authorized to share this information with other state agencies for purposes of child support, law enforcement, collection of debts owed to the state or its political subdivisions and any other purpose authorized by law. Information not specifically addressed in this policy must be disclosed pursuant to the North Dakota Open Records Law.
Information collected on this site is retained in accordance with the record retention schedules developed by Legislative Council.
Security
In order to protect the information being gathered, this site has security measures in place including firewalls, encryption, and authenticated access to internal databases where needed. All personal information collected from customers will be encrypted using Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption protocol when being transmitted across the web.
Website Analytics
The Legislative Council uses Google Analytics to create summary statistics used for administering the performance of the website, diagnosis of problems, and determining which information is of most interest to the public. This information is not identifiable by person and is only for summary statistical analysis.
Information gathered may include:
Device, browser, and operating system used to access the site.
User behavior, such as how many times a user visits the site or how much time is spent viewing a page.
IP address.
Dates and times users access the site.
Type of browser and operating system used to access the site.
Referring channel through which users come to the site.
Search terms used when finding the site on a search engine.
More information about the data collected by Google Analytics can be found on following Google support page: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Personal Information
Contact information will be collected from an application only if a response is necessary to verify purchases or if there is a need to correspond with customers.
If during your visit to our site you send an email, the email address will be collected as a means to reply to you. We may forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.
Cookies will be used under specific conditions.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us.
Constitution, Laws, & Rules
Constitution
Century Code
Session Laws
Administrative Rules
Legislator Information
Biographies
Contact Information
Find My Legislators
Current Legislators by District
Current Legislative Districts
Historical Legislative Districts
ND Budget Information
2019 Legislative Session Budget Information
Historical Budget Information
Agency Budget Information
Budget Trends and Finance Facts
State Revenue Information
Other State Budget Information
Information Center
Agency Rules Information
General Information
Research Center
Legislative Drafting Manual
Legislative Links
Student Legislative Tour Information
Copyright © 2020 North Dakota Legislative CouncilDownload Adobe Reader to view, print PDF files.
Legal Links
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
W3C CSS
W3C WAI AA
W3C XTML Compliant