https://www.faithtrustinstitute.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to content. |
Skip to navigation
Donate
Contact Us
Site Map
Log In
Search Site
only in current section
Advanced Search…
Sections
Store
About Us
Our Mission and Guiding Principles
Our History
Annual Reports
Board of Directors
Staff List
Our Funding
Partners
Privacy Policy
Resources
Learn the Basics
Domestic Violence FAQs
Child Abuse FAQs
Sexual Violence FAQs
Healthy Teen Relationships FAQs
Abuse by Clergy FAQs
Domestic Violence and Muslim Women FAQs
Domestic Violence and Jewish Women FAQs
Articles
Articles
Domestic Violence Articles
Sexual Violence Articles
Child Abuse Articles
Clergy Ethics Articles
Healthy Teen Relationships Articles
Human Trafficking Articles
Women of Color
Addressing Teen Violence in Communities
Islamic Marriage Contracts
Sermons
Statistics
Domestic Violence
Child Abuse
Sexual Violence
Teen Dating Violence
Awareness Month Resources
Download an informational bulletin about domestic violence
16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence
Bibliographies
Sexual and Domestic Violence Bibliography
Islam and Domestic Violence Bibliography
Clergy Sexual Abuse Bibliography
Links
Victim and Survivor
Domestic Violence
Child Abuse
Sexual Violence
Healthy Teen Relationships
Human Trafficking
Faith Communities
OVW STOP Grantees and Sub-Grantees Resources
LGBTQ Intimate Partner Violence
Campus Sexual Assault
Liturgy
Coronavirus Resources (COVID-19)
Training
Requested Training and Presentations
Upcoming In-Person & Online Course Training
Upcoming Free Webinars
Consulting Services
Bios
Request Training
Recorded Webinars
Buddhist Healthy Boundaries Online Courses (Spring, 2021)
European Buddhist Healthy Boundaries 101 Online Class (March, 2021)
Responding to Clergy Misconduct: Instituting Best Practices
News
Blog
Current Events
Sexual Violence
Sexual Abuse by Clergy
Child Abuse
Domestic Violence
Take Action
Donate Now
Giving Options
Gifts via Check or Money Order
Pledged Giving
Commemorative Gifts
Workplace Giving and Matching Gifts
Outright Gifts of Appreciated Assets
Planned Giving
Other Ways to Help
Why Give?
Youth Declaration
Privacy Policy
Faith Community Declaration
National Declaration
Healthy Boundaries
#MeToo #ChurchToo
In This Section
Our Mission and Guiding Principles
Our History
Annual Reports
Board of Directors
Staff List
Our Funding
Partners
Privacy Policy
You
are here:
Home
>>
About Us
>>
Privacy Policy
Info
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
FaithTrust Institute is committed to the privacy of those individuals who visit and interact with all FaithTrust Institute websites, including www.FaithTrustInstitute.org. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, retrieve and request removal of your information.
By visiting our Websites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
Please note that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online at our Website and other websites owned or managed by FaithTrust Institute. They do not apply to information that you may submit to us offline or to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link.
FaithTrust Institute is the sole owner of the information collected on the Website. We do not share your personal information with any outside organizations, individuals, or companies, except as listed below in How We Work With Third-Parties.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally, you are free to visit the FaithTrust Institute Website without submitting data that identifies you personally. However, we do ask you to provide some personal data for certain interactions within our Website. This data varies depending on the interaction, but may include name, address, email address, and other similar information (“Personal Information”). We do not request sensitive information such as social security numbers. If you make a donation or purchase online we do ask for your credit card number - but we do not store card numbers.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use “cookies,” which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of our Websites and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Websites, and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. This Website is functional without the retention of cookies. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.
WHEN WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Below are the ways in which we collect your Personal Information through specific actions and circumstances. By choosing to participate in any of the following activities, you consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information.
-When you register for an event or training  on a FaithTrust Institute website;
-When you sign up to receive email newsletters from us;
-When you participate in surveys;
-When you complete an advocacy activity or survey online;
-When you submit a donation online;
-When you register for and participate in our programs, activities, initiatives, and events;
-When you request information or assistance;
-In conjunction with processing your order;
-In conjunction with your employment inquiries or applications;
-When you participate with social media and peer to peer accounts involving FaithTrust Institute;
-When you participate in online communities;
-In conjunction with any verification of your account information;
-In conjunction with investigations into any activity that may violate the law or the website’s terms and conditions;
-When you communicate with us through the website;
-When you provide user-generated content on any part of the website that permits it; and
-In conjunction with any other place on the website where you knowingly volunteer personal information; and
-When you send us a donation by check or wire.
NON-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
In addition, when you interact with the Website, our servers may keep an activity log that does not identify you individually (“Non-Personal Information”). Generally, we collect the following categories of Non-Personal Information:
-We may collect certain demographic data such as age, gender, and five-digit zip code as part of collecting personal information;
-We collect and store certain device information about your computer, mobile device, orother devicethat you use to access the Website. This information may include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information;
-We collect and store additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses; and
-We collect and store your search terms and search results.
Social media platforms
When you interact with any FaithTrust Institute page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, we may also collect the personal information that you make publicly available to us on that page or through that account, including your account ID or “handle.” Please be advised that each social media platform may collect specific data not listed here, and FaithTrust Institute has no control over how third party platforms collect or use your personal information. Please refer to that platform’s privacy policy for additional guidance.
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Website. With your consent we may use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways:
General Uses
-For editorial purposes;
-Responding to your inquiries;
-Communicating with you about your account or transactions (including donations and purchases) with us and sending you information about features on our Website or about our organization;
-Communicating with you about changes to our policies;
-Sending you newsletters, mailings, and information about programs, initiatives, activities, and events by e-mail or another medium;
-Processing your employment application;
-Event or program registration;
-Optimizing or improving our programs, services, and operations;
-Research and development;
-Detecting, investigating, and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal;
-Performing statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Website and their usage patterns; and
-Managing our organization.
HOW WE WORK WITH THIRD-PARTIES
FaithTrust Institute may share your information with certain trusted third-party services and brand partners (example: Constant Contact helps us deliver newsletters, or when we partner with payment processors, or use Google Analytics to help us understand how our site is being used). When we share data with third-party services that support the delivery of the our Services, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we’ve authorized, and that they protect your personal information at least to the same standards we do. We do not release, share, or sell private and personally identifiable information. For example, we may release statistics on the geographical location of our training participants, but we do not release the names or other personal information of individuals.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
FaithTrust Institute intends to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures, including industry-standard encryption for transmission of credit card information, to help keep your information secure, accurate, current and complete.
If you have any concerns about the security and confidentiality of your Personal Information, please contact info@faithtrustinstitute.org.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE EU GDPR DATA REGULATIONS
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU.
We will use reasonable efforts to securely process all personal information in line with the rights specified under the GDPR, in particular those related to the following requests:
-Access to your Personal Information;
-Correction of the Personal Information we hold;
-Deletion of your Personal Information;
-A restriction of processing of your Personal Information;
-Transfer of your Personal Information to another party; or,
-Objection to processing of your Personal Information based on FaithTrust Institute's legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to use it.
Please send an email to info@faithtrustinstitute.org if any of the following apply:
-You have any questions or requests regarding this policy;
-You would like to remove all Personal Information from our database;
-You would like to view Personal Information you shared with us;
-You would like to change your account preferences;
-You no longer wish to receive email updates from FaithTrust Institute;
-You believe FaithTrust Institute has erroneous or incomplete information about you; or,
-You believe a child below the age of 16 years may have submitted Personal Information without the consent of a parent or guardian.
For more information about your rights under the GDPR, please visit https://gdpr-info.eu/.
HOW WE COMMUNICATE UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITH YOU
If FaithTrust Institute decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this page so you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes. Our most up-to-date privacy policy will always be available here.
Questions and comments should be directed to info@faithtrustinstitute.org.
Document Actions
Send this
Print this
FaithTrust Institute
www.faithtrustinstitute.org
Powered by Plone | Site by NPower Seattle