http://www.newlondonregalia.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Catalog
+
-
* NEW ITEMS *
AMD
Aprons
Banners
Blue Lodge
Council
Chapter
Chapter Pennies
Consistory
Costumes
Knight Mason
Knights of St John
Knight Templar
Lapel Pins
Miscellaneous Items
Order of Eastern Star & Heroines of Templar Crusad
Red Cross of Constantine
Shrine
Swords
Sword Scabbard Mounts
Hitch Cover
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Downloads
Policies
+
-
Company Policies & Terms
Site Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Links
Contact Us
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of User Details
Personal details of Users of the New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company web site will be collected and processed upon registration to our Website. All personal information is collected with the knowledge of New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company customers via the Websites order and registration forms only. This information is collected for the following purposes:
order fulfillment
to notify customers of relevant new products
Security Policy or Security Guarantee
New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company will maintain appropriate measures to ensure that users personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or altered within the New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company server environment. All personal data is encrypted and stored on a secure server and encrypted for transmission over the Internet to any New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company servers.
Cookies
A cookie is small file which is placed on the users hard drive following a visit to New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company This file subsequently allows the user to move quickly and easily around our site by keeping a record of your previous visit(s). Cookies in use at the New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company website are not associated with any personal data about that visitor. Cookies can be deleted from a PC hard drive at any time by the user. Further information on the use of cookies can be found on www.cookiecentral.com.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: • We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; • We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, you can contact us at: New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc. & US Sword Company One Harmony Place New London, Ohio 44851 Phone (419) 929-1516 FAX (419) 929-0122email