https://www.ugandaorphans.org/privacy-policy/
GICF recognizes that privacy is important to you and commits to protecting it through compliance with our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy describes the practices GICF utilizes to protect the data we collect (such as name and address, donation data, bank account and credit card data) through online donations, checks, etc. GICF uses this information for communications (such as newsletters), financial management and end of year tax receipts. In accordance with governmental requirements, we must retain certain data for bookkeeping, tax and transaction purposes.
GICF does not collect or use your bank account information other than for deposit of your check. Nor do we share your data with any external organization except for our three chosen service providers for donor management and payment processing purposes. We utilize three companies to provide donor management services (Charity Proud) and electronic payment processing (PayPal and Network for Good). When you submit electronic donation payment information, their systems are hosting this information. Their Privacy Policies can be found at:
https://www.charityproud.org/Home/PrivacyPolicyhttps://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full andhttps://www.networkforgood.com/about/privacy
If you would like additional information or a complete copy of our Privacy Policy, please contact us as described below. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress or delete personal data that you have previously provided to us, you can request a copy of data that GICF maintains on your account.
Contact us electronically at:customersupport@ugandaorphans.org or by mail:Grace International Children’s Foundation5121 FM 359Richmond, Texas 77406Attention: Security-Personal Data
Newsletter Sign-Up
Automatically receive newsletters describing current activities at Lulwanda.
Sign Up
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Privacy Policy
Financial Accountability
Statement of Beliefs
Contact Us