https://www.purpleheart.org/privacy-policy/
Crisis Line 800-273-8255 x1
Member Login
Officer Login
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 8/1/2009
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name Address Phone Number (etc.) The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when making a donation for recording purposes only. We use the information you provide when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete an order. We use the information you provide about someone else when making a donation for recording purposes only. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete an order. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. How You Can Request or Correct Your Information
You can request that we provide to you all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us directly. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting requests or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at Webmaster@Purpleheart.org