https://www.court-reporting.com/terms-of-use-and-conditions/
Terms of Use and Conditions | O'Brien & Levine
COVID-19 Visitor Guidelines
(888) 825-3376
Client LoginClient RegistrationReporter Login
Toggle navigation
About O&L
In The Community
Our Network
Testimonials
Reviews
Careers
Law Firm Solutions
Corporate Solutions
Court Reporting
Court Reporting Solutions
Litigation Solutions
Paperless Exhibits
Conference Rooms
Video
Legal Video Solutions
Video Conferencing
Trial Support Solutions
Global Reach
Resources
Webinar: Remote Depositions
O’Brien & Levine Blog
On The Record Podcast
Published Articles
Local Information
Apps
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact O&L
Schedule a Service
Browse:HomeTerms of Use and Conditions
Terms of Use and Conditions
Welcome to O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions’ website and mobile application. These Terms of Use and Conditions (“Terms”) govern your use of O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions’ (“our”) website (“Site”) and mobile application (“App”). Please read the terms in full before using our Site or App. By using our Site or App, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy [Click Here], and any other underlying agreements or terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our Site or App. We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time without prior notice, and your use of the Site and App bind you to the use of the changes made. We do occasionally update these terms so please refer to them in the future.
Access to Site and App
Access to our Site is limited to authorized users (“Authorized Users”) who have registered with us to create an account (“User Account”). You will be responsible for the information and content you provide. You are responsible for keeping your user name and password secure, and are responsible for any activity occurring through your User Account. You will notify us immediately of any unauthorized use or breach of your User Account. To access our App you will need to download the App through third party websites and/or applications. We are not responsible for those third party websites or applications and your use of those websites or applications is entirely at your own risk. Please be sure to review the privacy policies of those third party websites and applications to learn how they use and disclose your information.
Use of Site and App
Our Site, App, images, data, text, audios, videos, photographs, custom graphics, logos, button icons, descriptions and all other material provided and the collection and compilation and assembly thereof are the exclusive property of O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions, and are protected by U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. Materials provided by Authorized Users that are uploaded to our Site or App are the property of those Authorized Users or other third parties and may be protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, privacy and security laws. You acknowledge that we are providing this third-party content to you only as a convenience, and you agree that we have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any third party content. We are not responsible for and assume no liability for any mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third-party content appearing on the Site. You understand that the information and opinions in the third-party content are neither endorsed by us nor do they reflect our opinions.
The contents of our Site and App may be used for your lawful business purposes only. Any other use of such contents, including the modification, distribution, transmission, republication, or transmission of the contents without our prior written consent is expressly forbidden. Any other trademarks or service marks appearing anywhere on our Site and App are the property of their respective owners. To the extent any product name or logo does not appear with a trademark (™) does not constitute a waiver of any and all intellectual property rights that O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions or its businesses has established in any of its products, features, or service names or logos.
Nothing in these Terms or on the Site or in the App shall be construed as conferring any intellectual property or other proprietary rights to you. You agree to observe applicable laws and may not use the content in any manner that infringes or violates the rights of any person or entity.
As a condition of your use of the Site and App, you will not use the Site or App, or any contents or services, for any purpose that is unlawful in any applicable jurisdiction where our Site or App is being used, or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices, and you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in the “User Conduct” section. You may not use the Site or App contents or services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any of our equipment or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site or App, or any contents or services. You may not attempt to gain access to any portion of the Site or App, or any of their contents or services, other than those for which you are authorized.
While every effort is made for the timeliness and accuracy of the Site and App content and services, we make no warranties either express or implied, and assume no liability or responsibility for the completeness, use, accuracy, reliability, correctness, timeliness or usefulness, of any of the results obtained from its use.
We make no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the content of the Site or App, or links to other websites, including but not limited to accurateness, completeness, correctness, timeliness or reliability. We make no representation or warranty regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to any content or services whatsoever that may be accessed through this Site or App, or the results to be obtained from using the Site or App. We make no representation or warranty that the Site, App or content is free from defects or viruses. Your use of external links and third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such links and websites.
While every effort is made to provide content on the Site and in the App that does not contain computer viruses and/or harmful materials, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses or otherwise protect your computer or device and you should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items on your computer or device. We disclaim any liability for the need for services or replacing equipment or data resulting from your use of the Site or App. While every effort is made for smooth and continuous operation, we do not warrant the Site or App will operate error free.
By submitting a telephone number to O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions through the Site or App you agree that a representative of O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message. Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our services.
Site and App Uptime
We take all reasonable steps so that our Site and App are available 24 hours every day, 365 days per year. However, websites and mobile applications do sometimes encounter downtime due to server and other technical issues. Therefore, we will not be liable if this Site or App is unavailable at any time. Our Site or App may be temporarily unavailable due to issues such as system failure, maintenance or repair, or for reasons beyond our control. Where possible, we will try to give our users advance warning of maintenance issues, but shall not be obliged to do so.
User Conduct
When using our Site or App, you shall not post or send to or from either the Site or App:
(a) content for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
(b) content that is in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offense, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in any applicable jurisdiction where our Site or App is being used;
(c) content which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details or any person posting materials to our Site or App in breach of the this Section.
You shall not use our Site or App while distracted or preoccupied, such as when operating a motor vehicle. You should access our Site only with due regard for your own safety and the safety of others.
Links to and from Third Party Websites
Any links furnished on our Site or within our App may allow you to leave our Site or our App. These third party websites are not under our control and we disclaim any responsibility for the contents of such linked websites or any link(s) contained in any such linked website(s) or any changes or updates to any of these websites. We further disclaim any responsibility for any form of transmission received from any linked third party website or advertising. We provide these links to you as a convenience to you and inclusion of any link herein shall in no way be construed as an endorsement by us of the website(s).
If you would like to link to our Site, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, any page of our Site, and subject to the following conditions:
(a) you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any services or products unless this has been specifically agreed with us;
(b) you do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us;
(c) you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
(d) your website does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law of the United States of America.
If you choose to link our Site in breach of this Section, you shall fully indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your actions.
Disclaimers
The documents and any related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information contained on our Site and our App. We may make improvements and/or changes to any of the products depicted or described herein at any time. We expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability for any adverse consequences or damages resulting from your use of the Site or App or reliance on the information from either.
THE SITE AND APP ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER WITH REGARD TO ANY PRODUCTS, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE OR APP, INCLUDING, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING, OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM. O’BRIEN AND LEVINE COURT REPORTING SOLUTIONS DOES NOT WARRANT OR ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION DESCRIBED WITHIN OR DERIVED FROM OUR SITE, APP OR SERVICE.
No Legal Advice
Nothing on this Site or in our App is intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The content of the Site and App should not be deemed legal advice, and you should not rely on any part of the Site or App as legal advice.
Limitation of Liability
YOUR USE OF OUR SITE AND APP ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES OR INJURY YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, APP OR THE SERVICES, OR YOUR RELIANCE ON OR USE OF THE SITE, THE INFORMATION, OR SERVICES PROVIDED, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OF THE DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR RESIDING ON OUR SITE OR APP, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF WE HAVE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our officers, directors, employees, volunteers, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or alleged to result from, your use of and access to the Site, App or your violation of these Terms or your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any privacy or security laws, or trademark, copyright or other proprietary or privacy right.
Assignment
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you.
Applicable Law
We make no representations that the content or the Site or App is appropriate or may be used or downloaded outside the United States. Access to the Site, App and/or the content may not be legal in certain countries outside the United States. If you access the Site or App from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you access the Site or App. Your use of our Site and App is subject to your strict compliance with all applicable laws and rights including, without limitation, privacy laws and intellectual property laws and rights.
Our Site and App are subject to the United States export control laws and regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to strictly comply with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain authorization to export, re-export, or import of any data on our Site or App, as may be required.
General
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy, other terms or legal notices published by us on the Site and in the App, and any other applicable agreements, shall constitute the entire agreement between us concerning use of the Site and App. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE OR APP MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Our Contact Information
O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions
68 Commercial Wharf
Boston, MA 02110
1-888-825-3376
mail@court-reporting.com
Effective Date: December 1, 2016
"The responsiveness of the O’Brien & Levine team is fabulous. For example, we had a live feed scheduled for a deposition in Palo Alto, but cancelled it at the last minute because the client had decided to attend in person. Ninety minutes before the deposition, one of our Boston-based team members needed to attend via live feed. The O&L team was able to get the client up and running in time for the call. Fabulous." — LINDA B., LEGAL ASSISTANT
"Everything was flawless. The stenographer was very professional and all went off without a hitch. Thank you again for all your help." — MAUREEN M., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"O’Brien & Levine has always been my first choice when selecting a court reporting service. They use the latest in technology, their reporters are dependable and they are total professionals. I can always rely on the final work product to be first class. I would recommend O’Brien & Levine to other lawyers without reservations." — JEFFREY P., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I use O’Brien & Levine for everything because, frankly, they are the best – always reliable, efficient, and cutting edge. They handle all my needs, including out-of-state depositions. In addition to being the best at what they do, the people at O’Brien & Levine have a long history of supporting the Massachusetts Women’s Bar Association and other charitable community organizations." — PAMELA B., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"O’Brien & Levine has never once failed to provide the best quality work product and always in the timeliest of fashions. No job is too small or large for them to handle and they go out of their way to meet their client’s needs including transcription services, realtime transcript feeds, videography, synchronization of depo video with transcripts, easy access to transcripts via their web portal and the like." — CHRIS F., LITIGATION PARALEGAL, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I am very satisfied with O’Brien & Levine and have used them consistently over the past 20 years. No matter the request or complexity of testimony, their staff and reporters come through all the time with accurate, timely transcripts. They understand what’s important in this profession—and they never fail to deliver." — DAVID H., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"The knowledgeable, friendly staff is courteous and extremely responsive when handling my requests. The reporters are punctual, well prepared, and thoroughly professional. O’Brien & Levine always meets my last-minute requests with transcripts that are reliable and accurate. I can depend on them to get the job done right. What more could I ask for?" — FRANK S., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"We love everything about O’Brien & Levine. If we could vote you Best of Boston, we would!" — SARAH W., LITIGATION LEGAL ASSISTANT, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"They have gracefully fulfilled every outrageous request I have ever made." — THOMAS D., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"Thank you again for your assistance in finding me a court reporter at the last minute for my deposition yesterday. She was great, and I really appreciate the excellent service." — ADAM H., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I have really enjoyed using O'Brien & Levine for the depositions. There's such a level of convenience when setting things up, and I have confidence that I don’t have to worry about court reporting. There are lots of issues that can arise with depositions, but reporting services isn’t one of them." — JASON C.
"I wanted to thank you for the wonderful experience I had using O’Brien & Levine for my video deposition. I really appreciated the professionalism of both the videographer and court reporter. This was an out-of-state deposition for me, and it made me feel much more relaxed when I showed up and the court reporter and videographer were already set up and ready to go. They were even kind enough to give me advice on how best to get to the airport after the deposition. I would certainly recommend your services to other attorneys." — PATRICK B., METROPOLITAN DEPARTMENT OF LAW, NASHVILLE, TN
O’Brien & Levine Court Reporting Solutions
68 Commercial Wharf, Boston, MA 02110
(617) 399-0130
About O&L
Law Firm Solutions
Corporate Solutions
Court Reporting
Video
Global Reach
Resources
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Conditions
Copyright © 2020 O'Brien & Levine Court Reporting
WordPress Image Lightbox Plugin