http://www.ssgreatbritain.org/privacy-policy
You are hereHome > About us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Information about us
www.ssgreatbritain.org is a site operated by SS Great Britain Trust (the Trust). We are a registered charity and our registration number is 262158. We are a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under company number 01000878.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We are responsible for protecting your personal information as a “data controller” under applicable data protection legislation. If you have any queries about this Policy or how we use your personal information, please contact us using the details at www.ssgreatbritain.org/contact-us
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Our nominated person for data protection is the Director of Finance and Resources who can be contacted by email at admin@ssgreatbritain.org
2. What information do we collect?
We collect personal data as defined by applicable data protection legislation (‘personal information’).
We collect information about
• donors and supporters
• service users and beneficiaries
• Trustees
• service providers and contractors
The personal information we collect might include name, date of birth, email address, postal address, and telephone number.
3. How do we collect information?
If you have made a financial donation to or otherwise supported the Trust, we will collect information about your donation history.
If you have purchased goods from us, we will collect information about your purchase history.
We may collect information that is available in the public domain, for example: newspaper or online media items, publicly available posts on LinkedIn or social media or Companies House listings.
We record your requests for information and any feedback we receive from you.
We obtain personal information from you when you use our website, enquire about our activities, register with us, send or receive an email, ask a question or otherwise provide us with personal information.
We may also collect technical information relating to your use of our website, including your browser type or the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet.
We also gather general information about the use of our website, such as which pages users visit most often and which services, events or facilities are of most interest. We may also track which pages users visit when they click on links in emails. We may use this information to personalise the way our website is presented when users visit, to make improvements to our website and to ensure we provide the best service for users. Wherever possible we use aggregated or anonymous information which does not identify individual visitors to our website.
We also gather information through CCTV, which is located outside our premises, for the purpose of preventing and detecting crime.
4. Why do we collect this information?
We collect this information for the purposes set out in paragraph 5. The lawful basis for which we process your information is:
• your consent;
• processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party. If you fail to provide this information we may be unable to perform the contract;
• processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; or
• processing is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by us or a third party, except where your rights as a data subject override our legitimate interest.
5. How do we use this information?
We will use your personal information:
• to promote the aims of the Trust;
• to provide you with products or information you have requested;
• to provide you with information about future events and products we think may be of interest to you, [including third party events and products]; and
• as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure; and to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
We will only use your personal information for electronic marketing purposes if we are allowed to do this by law or if we have your consent.  If you agree to us providing you with marketing information, you can always opt out at a later date.  If you would rather not receive marketing material from us, please let us know at any time using the contact details at www.ssgreatbritain.org/contact-us
6. Do we share your information with anyone else?
We may need to provide your information to our contractors and suppliers who provide services on our behalf, to the extent necessary to enable you to receive those services.
If you make a payment or donation to us we will need to share your information with our payment processor. By paying via our payment processor you agree to accept their terms and conditions for the use of their services, including their privacy policy. We suggest that you read their privacy policy when using their service as we are not responsible for data you share with them.
We may also need to disclose your information if required to do so by law or as expressly permitted under applicable data protection legislation.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7. How long do we keep your information for?
We keep your information for no longer than is necessary. We will retain your information for any period required by law, for example for compliance with HMRC requirements. Where we are not under a legal obligation to retain your information, we will determine what is necessary by reference to the lawful basis for processing set out above and our legitimate interests.
If you have any questions about how long we keep your information, please write to us at The SS Great Britain Trust, Great Western Dockyard, Gas Ferry Road, Bristol, BS1 6TY or admin@ssgreatbritain.org
8. How do we protect personal information?
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
[We use a secure service when you make a payment through our website, via a virtual gateway operated by Worldpay. Our online payment system is Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard compliant.]
You should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and although we will do our best to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features such as encryption to try to prevent unauthorised access.
9. Your Rights
You have a right to ask us to confirm whether we are processing information about you, and to request access to this information (‘right of access’).
You may ask us, or we may ask you, to rectify information you or we think is inaccurate, and you may also ask us to remove information which is inaccurate or complete information which is incomplete (‘right to rectification’). If you inform us that your personal data is inaccurate, we will inform relevant third parties with whom we have shared your data so they may update their own records.
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided us with changes, for example if you change your email address, name, payment details, or if you wish to cancel your registration, please let us know using the contact details at the end of this policy.
You have a right to obtain your personal data from us and reuse it for your own purposes, perhaps for another service, without hindering the usability of the data (‘right of portability’). This right does not apply where processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
You have a right to seek the erasure of your data (often referred to as the ‘right to be forgotten’). You may wish to exercise this right for any reason, for example where it is no longer necessary for us to continue holding or processing your personal data you may withdraw your consent. You should note that we are entitled to and reserve the right to retain your data for statistical purposes. This right is not absolute, as we may need to continue processing this information, for example, to comply with our legal obligations, or for reasons of public interest.
You have a right to ask us to restrict our processing of your information (‘right to restriction’) if:
• you contest its accuracy and we need to verify whether it is accurate
• the processing is unlawful and you ask us to restrict use of it instead of erasing it
• we no longer need the information for the purpose of processing, but you need it to establish or defend legal claims
• you have objected to processing of your information being necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest, or for the purposes of our legitimate interests. The restriction would apply while we carry out a balancing act between your rights and our legitimate interests.
• you exercise your right to restrict processing, we would still need to process your information for the purpose of exercising or defending legal claims, protecting the rights of another person or for public interest reasons.
You have a right to prevent us from processing your data for the purposes of marketing.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights above, please let us know using the contact details at the end of this policy. We will act in accordance with your instructions as soon as reasonably possible and there will be no charge.
You have a right to report any of your concerns about our use of your data to the Information Commissioner’s Office. You may do so by calling their helpline at 0303 123 1113.
10. Cookies
Cookies are small data files which are sent to your browser and pixel tags are used to read such cookies. Cookies contain information that is used to track a visitor’s use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Certain cookies sent to your browser will help us to save you time. For example, if you are halfway through a booking our cookies will allow you to browse other areas of the website and then return to your booking.
We may also collect anonymous information about your use of the website from cookies and by the use of pixel tags.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies may include analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can choose to disable cookies. If you choose to disable cookies each time you go to a new page you will be treated as a new visitor; information you input may not be saved as you move around the site; and some services in the future may not be available to you. Most browsers automatically accept cookies but you can both delete existing cookies from your browser and, by editing your browser options, choose not to receive cookies in future.
11. Changes to this policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted such changes.
Our nominated person for data protection is the Director of Finance and Resources who can be contacted by email at admin@ssgreatbritain.org or by letter at Brunel's SS Great Britain, Gas Ferry Road, Bristol, England, BS1 6TY.
This Privacy Policy was last amended in May 2018.
About us
Contact us
E-newsletter
Cancelling a timeslot
The collection
Blog
News
Downloadable documents
Trustees
Being Brunel
Join the crew!
Privacy Policy
With thanks to...
50 years back home in Bristol
Brunel and the Great West Way
Share your story from the SS Great Britain's homecoming
Sustainability
Visitor Risk Assessment - Covid 19