https://www.faithlife.com/privacy
x
Faithlife Privacy Policy
Revised 11/03/2020
At Faithlife, we have a few fundamental principles surrounding privacy and the sharing of personal information:
When you use our products and services, you’re trusting us with your information and we have a responsibility to use and manage it appropriately.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
We are thoughtful about what personal information we ask you to provide and that we collect about you through the operation of our products and services.
We only collect personal information when we have a legitimate business reason to do so.
We store personal information for only as long as you allow us, or we are obligated to keep it.
We make it easy for you to control what personal information is shared or kept private.
We limit the sale of personal information to include only US physical mailing addresses outside of California, and do so only with trusted partners in the Christian market.
These principles are incorporated in the policy below.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
We are Faithlife. At Faithlife, we use technology to equip the Church to grow in the light of the Bible. Our team is always creating new products and services to deepen your faith and help you, and the Church, grow. Our products and services are used by individuals and Communities (defined below) around the world.
Faithlife and its affiliates, including but not limited to: Beacon Ads LLC, Faithlife SK LLC; all adhere to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use Faithlife Services, which include, but are not limited to:
Our websites, including, but not limited to: logos.com, community.logos.com, verbum.com, lexhampress.com, biblestudymagazine.com, biblescreen.com, biblia.com, reftagger.com, ministrytracker.com, beaconadnetwork.com, faithlifetv.com, faithlife.com, wordsearchbible.com, servantpc.com and sites built on faithlife.com subdomains like sermons.faithlife.com, giving.faithlife.com, sites.faithlife.com, proclaim.faithlife.com, courses.faithlife.com, connect.faithlife.com and equip.faithlife.com;
Our mobile applications for iOS, Android, and Kindle, like: Logos Bible Study Tools, Biblia!, Verbum Catholic Bible Study,Faithlife, Bible Screen, Faithlife TV, Proclaim Remote, Greek and Hebrew Flashcards, Faithlife Study Bible, Faithlife Ebooks, Servant Keeper;
Our products and services that are available online, like: app.logos.com, app.verbum.com, app.courses.faithlife.com, app.wordsearchbible.lifeway.com, servantkeeper.com;
Our products and services that are available as desktop clients, like: Logos Bible Software and Verbum Bible Software, Wordsearch, Servant Keeper;
Our products that are integrated into third party apps and sites, like ads and Reftagger; and
Other users’ websites and Faithlife Groups, like church groups, that are built using our products and services, while you are logged in to your Faithlife account.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information. Please note Faithlife Services (defined below) may be used by Third Parties and/or Communities and their authorized User’s (defined below) to deliver Community Services (defined below) which may collect information about their Community members. This information is collected at the direction of those authorized User’s and we may have no direct relationship with its Community members, the individuals whose personal information we process. When you interact within a specific Third Party or Community, you should refer to that Third Party or Community’s privacy policy for information on how your personal data is collected, used, and protected.
Terms that We Use
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll use some terms that have specific meaning within this policy.
“Faithlife Services” means websites, applications, products and services deployed by Faithlife for end use by individuals and Communities. (examples: Logos Bible Software, Mobile Ed Courses, Faithlife Sites, Proclaim Presentation Software, Faithlife Equip Church Management Software)
“Community” means faith-based organizations, educational institutions, nonprofit entities, and any other organization that licenses any Faithlife Service for use by the Community or it’s Users.
“Users” are people who:
establish a Faithlife account for connecting and transacting with Faithlife as an individual consumer of Faithlife Services. (examples: to purchase and use Logos Bible Software, watch Faithlife TV, or a Mobile Ed course)
access any Faithlife Services pursuant to a license granted to a Community (examples: a church administrator who uses Faithlife Sites or creates a church group on Faithlife);
establish a Faithlife account or use Faithlife Services as a guest for the purpose of connecting and transacting with their Community or accessing Community Services or resources. (examples: to make a digital donation to their Community, post to the Community’s group, read a book shared with the Community, watch video content provided through the Community, access a members only page on the Community’s website)
“Community Services” - Things Users
build for or distribute to their Community using Faithlife Services. (examples: websites, church groups, presentations)
Information We Collect
We collect information about you to provide Faithlife Services, to communicate with you, and to make Faithlife Services better - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, or what church you attend, to more complex things like where you need to begin reading when you return to a book, which product recommendations or ads you will find useful, or what search results we should prioritize for you. The information we collect, and how that information is used, depends on how you use Faithlife Services and how you manage your privacy settings.
When you’re not signed in to a Faithlife account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This helps us do things like improve Faithlife Services for new users. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Faithlife account, which we treat as personal information.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect and retain information that you provide to us directly. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some examples:
Faithlife Account Information: We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a Faithlife account to provide an email address, name, and password. You may provide us with more information, like your phone number or your job title, but we don’t require that information to create a Faithlife account.
Faithlife Profile Information: If you have a Faithlife Account, you have a Faithlife Profile. Basic Faithlife Account information like your name and email address become part of your Faithlife Profile automatically. You can build a more complete profile by sharing more information like interests, age, and denominational affiliation. We use profile information to create more personalized experiences when you use Faithlife Services. You can control who has access to your Faithlife Profile information in Faithlife Profile Settings. You can choose to share your profile information broadly, with other members of Faithlife Groups you have joined, or with no-one else.
Transaction and Billing Information: If you transact with us by trialing or subscribing to a Service or buying something – you will provide additional personal and payment information that is required to process the transaction and your payment, such as your name, credit card information, billing address, church affiliation, and contact information.
Website and Giving Information: If you use our Faithlife Giving Services to accept donations, or our Faithlife Sites Services to sell products or services to others through your Faithlife Site, your Faithlife Account will be connected to a Faithlife Group. When you do this, your account may then include information like your domain name, your church, and, if necessary to set up a payments integration, your bank account information.
Content Information: Depending on the Faithlife Services you use, you may also provide us with information about you in content you create. For example, if you share Logos notes, or create a web page that includes biographic information about you, we will have that information, and so will anyone with access to the Internet if you choose to publish the post or publish the content publicly.
Credentials: Depending on the Faithlife Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for third-party products and services required for your Faithlife Services to function, like a SendGrid email account.
Communications With Us: You may also provide us information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Sales staff about your interests or orders,communicate with Customer Success or Customer Service staff about a support question, or post a question on our public forums.
Information You Provide to your Community
Some of Faithlife Services require that we act as a data processor for a church or other third party.
Faithlife Profile Information: When you join a church group, administrators and members of that Faithlife church group may have access to your personal information. You control what Faithlife information is accessed and who can access it in your Faithlife Profile Settings.
Church Management System Records: Your Community may use Faithlife Equip for Church Management. Church Management System Records are controlled by the Community, not by Faithlife. Faithlife will only access, analyze, and share data as directed by, and at the request of the Community. Please note that our processing of information on behalf of our Users for their Community Services isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our Communities to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information.
Other information: Sometimes when you interact with a Faithlife Service, we may be acting as a data processor for the Faithlife Group using that service. (examples: If a church uses Faithlife Sites you may be able to share a mobile phone number to be texted directions to that church. Your mobile phone number would be collected. If a church uses Faithlife Giving and you made a donation, your donation information would be collected and processed by Faithlife and shared with the church.)
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log Information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use Faithlife Services (examples: When you create or make changes to your Faithlife Group, when you present using Proclaim, or when you create or make changes to your Faithlife Sites website.)
Usage Information: We collect information about your usage of Faithlife Services. For example, we collect information about what software features you access and use, we collect information about what resources you access, and we collect information on how you use those resources. Resources include things like books or journals you read or reference, videos you watch, and courses you take. We collect information about the actions that Faithlife Site and Faithlife Group administrators and users perform on a site, for example; who did what, when, and to what thing on a site (e.g., [yourchurch.com username] deleted “[content]” at [time/date]). As another example, we track information such as visitors, membership, pageviews, click events, and transactions. We also collect information about what happens when you use Faithlife Services (e.g., results of support document searches at support.faithlife.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our Admin Menu and other parts of Faithlife Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use Google Analytics, Amplitude, IBM Watson and other third-party services to collect detailed information about website behavior and events like who clicked or didn’t click on links, paths users take when using Faithlife Services, wishlist interactions, cart abandonment, and transactions. We use this information, for example, to provide Faithlife Services to you, to learn how people use Faithlife Services, to learn how users respond to specific features and content, and to identify problems and opportunities, all so we can make Faithlife Services better and grow our business.
Location Information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people use Faithlife Services and Community Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions. We collect and use this information to create more personalized experiences like Proclaim Signals or invitations to join the church group of a church you are attending.
Stored Information: We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile app. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs and videos on your mobile device’s camera roll, Faithlife Services may access the videos stored on your device when you upload a video of your church choir’s closing hymn each Sunday.
Information from Cookies & Other Technologies: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Faithlife uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for Faithlife Services, to perform web page testing, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get personal and demographic information from third parties about individuals who may or may not yet be our users. We get this information from companies that collect and aggregate data, from partners authorized to share this data like church associations, and from publicly available sources like public website content. This may include information about religious affiliation or your role in the church. We may link this information to existing Faithlife Accounts and use it, for example, for marketing and advertising purposes or to conduct market research.
How And Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To provide Faithlife Services–for example, to set up and maintain your account, provide access to your Logos library, provide access to your presentation content and sermons, host your website or group, and restore your website, or charge you for any of our paid Faithlife Services;
To further develop and improve Faithlife Services–for example by adding new Faithlife Services or features that we think our users will find valuable or will help them to grow or and manage their Community more effectively;
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with Faithlife Services, which helps us improve Faithlife Services and make them easier to use;
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition--for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use Faithlife Services after a certain length of time;
To create a user profile that allows us to better serve you with relevant content, product recommendations, and ads. For example, a Logos customer who routinely accesses Baptist resources may see a higher percentage of recommendations or ads for other Baptist resources instead of Anglican resources.
To monitor and prevent any problems with Faithlife Services, protect the security of Faithlife Services, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of Faithlife and Faithlife Users, which may result in us declining a transaction or the use of Faithlife Services;
To communicate with you, for example through an email, about offers and promotions from Faithlife or others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on Faithlife Services and your Faithlife Account; and
To personalize your experience when using Faithlife Services, provide content recommendations, target our marketing messages to groups of our users (for example, those who identify with a specific Christian tradition or have been our user for a certain length of time), and serve relevant advertisements.
Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Information
Our use of your information is based on the grounds that: (1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account--for example, in order to enable access to Faithlife Services on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or (2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or (4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information--for example, to provide and update Faithlife Services, to improve Faithlife Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard Faithlife Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising or other communications, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with Faithlife Services, and to personalize your experience; or (5) You have given us your consent--for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our Cookie Policy.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We do not sell our users’ private personal information. We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:
Faithlife Groups you join or follow: When you join or follow a Faithlife Group, the information in your Faithlife Profile, and the information you provide while using Faithlife Services deployed by that may be shared with that group’s administrators and members based on the privacy settings you have set.
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors: We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide Faithlife Services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Third Party Vendors: We may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This group includes vendors that help us provide Faithlife Services to you (like Content owners whose Content you have licensed for use with Faithlife services, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, and data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g. by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns), and those that help us understand and enhance Faithlife Services (like analytics providers), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them.
Legal Requests: We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other lawful governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others: We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Faithlife, third parties, or the public at large.
Business Transfers: In the event of a merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Faithlife goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information: We may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of Faithlife Services and we may share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Other Group/Site Owners: If you have a Faithlife Account and leave a comment in a group that uses Faithlife Services (like a site created on Faithlife Sites or another Faithlife Group) your IP address and the email address associated with your Faithlife Account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the group/site where you left the comment.
Published Support Requests: And if you send us a request (for example, via a support email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make available to everyone is disclosed publicly. That means, of course, that elements of your Faithlife Profile, posts, content that you make public from within Logos, Faithlife Sites content, etc, may be available to others. For example, the photo that you upload to your Faithlife Profile, the group posts you make, Logos Notes you share, sermons you publish to Faithlife Sermons may all be made available publicly. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties. Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share.
How Long We Keep Information
We cultivate long term relationships with our users, and we keep information about you until (if applicable) you ask us to delete it, or we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it -- which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information--and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. You should expect us to retain personal information associated with your Faithlife Account indefinitely, but things like email interaction behavior or usage logs for shorter periods of time, ranging from 30 day to 450 days.
Security
We work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction. For more information, please see the Faithlife Security Policy.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Manage who sees your Faithlife Profile information: You can manage who has access to certain information in your Faithlife Profile Settings.
Limit the Information that You Provide: If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of Faithlife Services may not be accessible.
Limit Access to Information On Your Mobile Device: Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the ability to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you do so, you may not be able to use certain features (like adding a location to a photograph, for example).
Opt-Out of Electronic Communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. Just follow the instructions in those messages. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies: At this time, Faithlife does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of Faithlife Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Faithlife’s websites and Services, with the drawback that certain features of Faithlife’s websites and Services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Close Your Account: If you no longer want to use Faithlife Services you can close your Faithlife Account. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above--for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests like maintaining accounting records.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
Please review our Faithlife Privacy Notice for California Residents, which supplements this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Under the GDPR
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You can usually access, correct, or delete much of your personal data using your account and profile settings. If you would like to contact us about these or your other rights, you can reach us using the contact details below. If Faithlife is unable to support or respect your rights, individuals covered by GDPR laws have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of your rights mentioned above, please contact our Customer Service department.
Faithlife, LLC
Attn: Customer Service
1313 Commercial Street
Bellingham, WA 98229
By Phone:
+1 (360) 527-1700
By Email:
customerservice@faithlife.com
Via Live Chat
Click to Chat
Transferring Information
Because Faithlife’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use Faithlife Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include:
In the case of US based entities, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them, or ensuring they have signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield; or
In the case of entities based in other countries outside the EEA, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of Faithlife Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via Faithlife Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of Faithlife Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver advertisements that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Faithlife and does not cover the collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites and Groups
We also process information about visitors on behalf of, and in accordance with our User agreements, to our Users who use Faithlife Services to deliver Community Services like Faithlife Sites websites, Faithlife Groups and Faithlife Church Management Services. Please note that our processing of information on behalf of our Users for their Community Services isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our Communities to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information.
Privacy Policy Changes
Faithlife may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Faithlife encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will update the revision date at the top of the document and, in some cases, we may send you a notification through email or Faithlife Services. Your further use of Faithlife Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.