https://www.bishopbaraga.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy PolicyHome › Resources › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Clinical Bishop Baraga Catholic School (“We” or “Us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out the basis on which any information (which may include personal data) we collect from you, or that you provide to us, through this website will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
BY VISITING THIS WEBSITE (THE “SITE”) YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND CONSENTING TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY (INCLUDING AS UPDATED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME).  IF YOU DO NOT WISH FOR YOUR INFORMATION TO BE HANDLED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY BELOW, PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE US WITH YOUR INFORMATION OR INTERACT WITH OUR SERVICES.
Who We Are
Bishop Baraga Catholic School623 West Lincoln AvenueCheboygan, MI 49721
Phone: 231-627-5608office@bbseduc.com
Information We May Collect From You
When you use the Site or contact us by email, social media, SMS, telephone, or other methods, we may collect and process the following data about you, such as, email, session cookies, address and, demographics.
Information you give us, including:
Forms filled out by you on the Site;Content of correspondence with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise;Site registration;Subscriptions or orders placed on the Site;Participation in discussion boards or other social media functions on the Site;Entering a competition, promotion or survey;Reporting a problem or requesting support for the Site.
Categories of Information We May Collect
Identifiers: May include name, postal address, email address, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers.Demographic Information: May include age, date of birth, and gender.Financial Information: May include information collected for processing payments as relating to purchasing anything.Internet and Network Activity Information: May include web browsing behavior, search history, cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons.Each visit to the Site tracks the following automatically:IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;Information about your visit, including the full URL to, through and from our Site (including date and time);Pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.User Preferences and Other Characteristics: May include event preference tracking, information revealed from participation on discussion boards or other social media functions on the Site, information provided upon participating in a competition, promotion, or survey, and information provided for the purposes of reporting a problem or requesting support for use of the Site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and phone number, payment information, photographs or images, or comments.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may receive information about you from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, its website or other services the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Contacting the User
Contact Form (this website)
By filling in the contact form with their data, the user authorizes this website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal data collected: first name, last name, address, city, state, ZIP/postal code, email address, phone number, and various types of data.
Displaying Content from External Platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this website and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when users do not use it.
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal data collected: usage data and various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal data collected: Cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
How Your Information May Be Used
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us or through Connected Accounts. We will use this information:
To help us respond to your queries regarding your purchase or membership;To provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;To notify you about changes to our service;To manage your access to the services;To allow you to interact with our Site;To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
To administer our Site and for internal operations, data analysis, statistical and survey purposes;To improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;As part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;To track the progress and number of entries in competitions and promotions.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this combined information for the purposes set out above;
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share your personal information with third parties involved in events you purchase tickets to, including venues, and service providers as necessary to put on the event.
Storage and Transfer Data
All the information you provide may be processed and stored, transferred or accessed around the world as described in this policy. By submitting your information and using our Site, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The security of your personal information is important to us. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or secure services controlled by third parties on our behalf. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site.
If you have an account and you log in to this Site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data.
Children
This Site is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor do we knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent and in compliance with applicable laws.
Your Rights
Where applicable under local law, you may request a copy of the personal information held by Us about you and may ask about all recipients of the information, the purpose of the processing, request the correction of incorrect data, and request the blocking and deletion of such data by contacting us as described in the “Contact” section below. We may require you to prove your identity with approved identification if you request this information.
You are responsible for keeping your information current and up-to-date. You may update your information by contacting us as described in the “Contact” section below. You also have the right, where provided under applicable law, to ask us not to process your personal data.
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete or remove it by contacting us as described in the “Contact” section below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us as described in the “Contact” section below.
Where provided under applicable law, you may have the right to ask us for a list of your personal data we share with third parties and information regarding those third parties, if the third parties use the personal data for their direct marketing purposes. We will seek your consent (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us as described in the “Contact” section below.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our Site, our newsletters and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any material changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use the Site.
Contact
If you have questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy, contact:
Bishop Baraga Catholic School623 West Lincoln AvenueCheboygan, MI 49721
Phone: 231-627-5608office@bbseduc.com
Legal Information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: August 6, 2020
ResourcesLinks & Resources
Forms & Documents
Emergency Drills
News & Announcements
Privacy Policy