https://www.riversidecemetery.com/policies/
Privacy Policy and Terms
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 8-1-2020
General Information
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
Riverside Cemetery, Inc. is located in the State of Georgia of the United States of America. We only serve citizens of the United States.
Our website address is https://www.riversidecemetery.com
Data controller
Orbicular Media LLCE-mail: info@orbicular.media
We hereby confirm that your personal data shall be collected in accordance with the requirements of the legal acts of the European Union, the United States of America and the instructions of the controlling authorities. All reasonable technical and administrative measures shall be applied in order to protect your personal data from loss, unauthorized use and / or changes of data.
Persons under the age of 16 cannot provide any personal information through our site / social networking accounts. If you are a person below the age of 16, before submitting personal information, you must obtain a consent of your parents or other legal guardians.
The terms used in these rules are understood as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation No. 2016/679 (EU).
It is very important that you carefully read this privacy policy, because each time you visit this Site, you agree to the terms described herein. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not visit our Site, do not use our content and / or services. Click on “Find out more” in each section to find detailed information about the processing of your personal data and the specifics of our business.
How do we collect information about you?
We may collect information that you provide directly. Typically this will happen when you:
use the contact form;
subscribe to our newsletter or other form of announcements;
participate in surveys.
We may collect information about you automatically. Typically this will happen when you:
use our website (data is collected with the help of cookies and similar technologies);
make public posts on social networking platforms that we are following.
Where permitted by law, we may acquire information about you from third parties. This may be the information provided by our partners, marketing agencies, sponsors, licensors, your public profile information (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram). We may associate the information we receive about you from yourself, public and commercial sources with other information we receive from you or about you.
We may collect information about you in other cases that are not covered by this Privacy Policy as well. If this happens, we will inform you additionally.
What information about you do we collect?
Contact Form: Your name and e-mail address when you contact us through a web page form.
Google Analytics: We are using Google Analytics to track standard user data on traffic sources, visitor behavior flow, audience overview. We may use your user ID to track specific behavior, however, it anonymized and cannot be connected to other data we are collecting about the users.
Server logs and Cookies: When you access our services online, our web servers automatically create records of your visit. These records typically include IP-address, access times, the sites linked from, pages visited, the links and features used, the content viewed or requested, browser or application type, and other information of such kind. See also our Information on Cookies usage below.
For what purposes do we use information about you, and on what legal basis?
Subject to the above, information is processed for the following purposes:
to provide information, which was requested by you, related to the provision of services;
to find out how people use our online services in order to improve them and create new content, products and services;
to defend our interests in court or in other institution;
The legal basis for our use of information about you is one or several of the following:
compliance with legal obligations to which we are subjects;
performance of the contract with you;
a legitimate business interest that is not overridden by interests you have to protect the information;
in certain cases, your consent.
Who do we share your information with?
We will not share your information with any third party.
How do we protect information about you?
We adopt effective and appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. However, keep in mind that while we are taking appropriate action to protect your information, no website, online transaction, computer system or wireless connection is completely safe.
How long will information about you be kept?
We will retain information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected. After that, we will delete it, unless applicable legal acts obliges us to store information for tax purposes, or data may be required for pre-trial investigation, but in any case, the retention period will be no more than 10 years. When this term expires, the data will be deleted in such a way that it cannot be restored.
What rights do you have?
The data subject whose data is processed by the data controller, depending on the situation, has these rights:
to be informed about personal data being processed (right to be informed);
to access personal data and get information about how personal data is being processed (right to access);
to obtain from the controller the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning data subject and have the right to have incomplete personal data completed (right to rectification);
to erase personal data or suspend data processing activities (except storage) (right to erase and right to be “forgotten”);
to require the data controller to restrict the processing of personal data for one of the legitimate reasons (right to restriction of processing);
to transmit personal data to another controller (right to data portability);
to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning data subject which is based on the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party. In order for the controller to process personal data, he is responsible to prove that the processing is conducted for legitimate reasons and those reasons are beyond the interests of the data subject;
lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country.
We offer you easy ways to exercise these rights. You can do this by writing to us at contact@sellfy.com, or by using certain links at the bottom of the promotional content provided by us.
We may not give you the conditions for the implementation of the above mentioned rights, where in the cases provided by the law, it is necessary to ensure the prevention of crimes, offenses of professional or ethical conduct, as well as to ensure the protection of the rights and freedoms of the data subject or other persons.
Cookies, signals and similar technologies
In this Privacy Policy we use the term “cookies” for cookies and other similar technologies, such as Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, clear GIFs, etc.
When you visit our Site, we want to provide content and features tailored to your needs. This requires cookies. Cookies are small items of information stored in your web browser. They help the data controller to recognize you as the previous visitor to a certain website save the history of your visit to the Site and adapt the content accordingly. Cookies also help ensure the smooth running of websites, allow us to monitor the duration, frequency of visits to websites and collect statistical information about the number of Site visitors. By analyzing this data, we can improve our Site and make it more user-friendly for your use.
Final provisions
This Privacy Policy applies for this Site only. Users may find content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our Clients, partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
We have the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will inform you about such changes and the most up-to-date version of this policy.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: info@orbicular.media. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Law of the State of Georgia and the United States of America.
Menu