http://www.protectlocalcontrol.org/privacy.php
Ensuring Community RightsTo Pass Smokefree OrdinancesWhy Local Control?ResourcesReferralsContact Us Privacy PolicyAMERICANS FOR NONSMOKERS' RIGHTS IS COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
To make your experience at our website more convenient, we gather information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information.
What personal information do we collect, and how is it used?
We collect information on which portions of our website visitors access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors, such as survey information and/or website registrations. Any personal information we collect is used for internal review and is either discarded or used by us to contact consumers for purposes such as those described below. We keep confidential all personal information entered during registration.
When we do collect personally identifiable information, it is always voluntarily submitted by you (e.g., when you fill out registration pages, "Contact Us" forms, or send us feedback). The information collected is used to send our users email reminders and other information we think will be of interest. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe by simply clicking the unsubscribe button, or you can opt-out of future mailings by simply stating this desire in a reply to any email we send you.
We may also monitor and track information such as member usage patterns of our website. We compile this information into a statistical aggregate which we use, together with your personal information, for internal business and administrative purposes including improving our website, our operations and our client service.
Protecting your privacy
As part of our commitment to ensuring the privacy of our users, we do not sell or exchange names or any other personally identifiable information about our online network members with, for example, mass marketers. We keep confidential any personal information entered during registration, though we may share aggregate information about website usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any personally identifiable information, to third parties to comply with various reporting obligations and for business or marketing purposes. We may also share limited personally identifiable information with third parties on a confidential basis to enable a third party to perform certain tasks, such as maintain an email list or send email alerts and/or newsletters, on our behalf.
Google Analytics and Visitors with Google Accounts
This site employs Google Analytics to monitor site traffic. For Google account holders who have given Google the appropriate permissions, Google may use personal identifiers gathered from traffic on this site to conduct personalized advertising, including but not limited to cross-device remarketing.
Use of cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer and are used for record keeping purposes. We use cookies to make visiting and using our website easier. Cookies can help us see which parts of our website are the most or least popular and provide us direction to improve our users' online experience.
Links to Other Sites
This website provides links to several other third party websites. While we make efforts to choose our links carefully, we cannot take any responsibility for the content of linked websites, or for the privacy policies of websites we link to. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third party websites prior to any use.SearchCopyright 2019 Americans for Nonsmokers' Rights | All Rights ReservedPrivacy Policy