https://www.nala.ie/policy/nalas-policy-work-in-family-literacy/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
NALA’s policy work in family literacy
Family literacy is about the way families use and develop literacy and numeracy skills together in the home. For example, reading a book at bedtime, singing, playing word games, writing a birthday card, using a calendar, baking, talking about your day.
Family literacy also includes education programmes that help to develop literacy and numeracy learning in a family context. Around Ireland there are many and varied family literacy activities that are reaching parents in DEIS schools, community locations and adult learning centres.
Why we need literacy development in families?
Family literacy is needed because there are still substantial literacy inequalities both amongst adults and children in Ireland (CSO, 2013; ERC, 2015). Research has shown that when parents are involved in their child’s learning, it positively affects the child’s performance at school. It impacts on early years literacy and educational outcomes into the teenage and even adult years.
Family literacy programmes improve the literacy and numeracy practices of parents and other family members. They have a significant knock on effect on the school performance of children. Family literacy provides a win-win scenario to policy makers and practitioners, particularly those involved in education in disadvantaged communities.
What have we achieved so far?
We have achieved:
Helping parents support their children’s literacy and numeracy development through 200,000 people using our website helpmykidlearn.ie and 1,800 people receiving our monthly helpmykidlearn e-zine
Research into the benefits of family literacy
Developing guidelines and materials on family literacy
What do we need now?
What do we need now?
NALA advocates that family literacy is developed within the contexts of all adult education and community services as well as the national literacy strategy for children and young people and the First Five strategy. This would enable schools, community and adult education providers to work with parents to combat educational disadvantage for children and adults.
NALA recommends the following:
An interdepartmental government group that is concerned with family literacy objectives should steer the development of national family literacy policy.
Family literacy coordination and delivery should be adequately resourced with a ringfenced budget and data collected as a separate category from other literacy provision. This will provide evidence to inform future planning.
ETB strategic planning should ensure that family literacy is equally available to interested parents and schools across the catchment area.
To facilitate a more systematic approach to family literacy, core collaborative family literacy partnerships should be built that allow FET, Delivering Equality of Opportunity in Schools (DEIS), public libraries and Children and Young People’s Services Committees (CYPSCs) to develop provision that harnesses all their skills, resources and contacts with parents who will most benefit from family literacy.
Key research and submissions
NALA family literacy factsheet
NALA Research Briefing Paper:  Family literacy in Ireland (NALA, 2011)
Family learning in action: an overview of family learning programmes (NALA, 2011)
Taking care of family literacy work (NALA, 2010)
At home with family literacy: a study of family literacy practices (NALA, 2010)
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.