http://www.iconofile.com/default.asp?dir=help&page=faq&session_id=
HOME
MY ACCOUNT
MY CART: Cart Empty
CHECKOUT
HELP
EVENTS
Exhibits
Lectures
Tours
Workshops
RESOURCE GUIDE
Cloisonné:
Enamel
Fiber Art:
Embroidery
Fiber Art:
Tapestries
Icons:
Appraisals
Icons:
Associations
Icons:
Boards, Panels
Icons:
Cases, Shelves
Icons:
Hand Painted
Icons:
Instruction
Icons:
Oklads
Icons:
Reproductions
Icons:
Restoration
Icons:
Schools
Mosaics:
Tile
Murals:
Hand Painted
Respousse:
Metal
Wood:
Hand-Carved Wood
BROWSE THE STORE
New Products
Sale Items
Multimedia CD-ROMs
Artists' Pigments
Brushes
Gilding Supplies
Grounds
Safety Supplies
Supports
Help : New Customers : FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I check on my orders?
Can I track the package?
Can I return my purchases?
Is it safe to use my credit card?
What is your privacy policy?
What are my payment options?
What are my shipping options?
Can I cancel an order after it has been submitted?
How do I contact Iconofile?
How can I check on my orders? Can I track the package?
Yes! We offer an order tracking system for orders placed online. To get the details of your order, visit Order Tracking and enter your Order Number and Email Address (the email address used during checkout). You'll be able to see if the order has been shipped or if the order is still in process. We'll tell how the order was shipped and the shipper's tracking number. If your order was shipped by UPS, you can use the UPS tracking number to see your order's progress. Simply click on the tracking number and see where your order is in the UPS system. You can also send us an email request
and we will reply to you shortly.
Can I return my purchases?
If purchased in the past 30 days, you can return your purchases to Iconofile for a full refund (opened items may be exchanged). This applies to calendars, books, unopened CDs, videocassettes, DVDs and software in their original condition.
If returning an order to Iconofile, please complete the return form enclosed with your order and ship the item and the form back to:
Iconofile
Attention: Returns
PO Box 112
Willits, CA 95490
United States
Is it safe to use my credit card?
Yes. We use the latest encryption technology to keep your information safe. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. If fraudulent charges are ever made, you will not have to pay for them. See our Shopping Guarantee for more details.
What is your privacy policy?
At Iconofile we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We believe that our site should be a safe environment for anyone who visits and purchases. As a seller of information-related products, we are also committed to providing you the best possible online service and experience as well as the best products. For complete details see our Privacy Policy.
What are my payment options?
We accept American Express, MasterCard and Visa credit cards. We also accept bank wire transfers, checks (U.S. banks only) and money orders. If you want to call in your credit card information and complete your purchase by phone, you can. Just call 1-707-459-9990, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday through Friday. Customers outside the U.S., please call +1-707-459-9990. For more information see our Payment Options.
What are my shipping options?
We ship our products around the world. Find specific shipping options and costs here. To find out when you will receive your item, you need to consider the availability of the item you ordered and the shipping option you selected. The equation we use is: Available-to-Ship Time + Delivery Method Ship Time = Total Delivery Time.
Can I cancel an order after it has been submitted?
Yes. All you need to do is send us an email as soon as possible. (We cannot cancel an order once it has entered the shipping process.) Be sure to include your name, email address, order confirmation number, if available, and the product you want to cancel (including title, author, and any other information you have). If you want to change the quantity of an item, please tell us. Change or Cancel an Order.
How do I contact Iconofile?
Contact Us and tell us your concern, and we'll be in touch with you shortly.
HELP
FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY
ACCEPTABLE USE
CONTACT
â°±1 Iconofile, Inc. All rights reserved.