http://www.datalounge.com/thread/27019712-expandable-faux-privacy-fence-tempting-
Serving up this steaming pile of
Celebrity Gossip
Gay Politics
Gay News
and Pointless Bitchery
Since 1995
Hello and thank you for being a DL contributor. We are changing the login scheme for contributors for simpler login and to better support using multiple devices. Please click here to update your account with a username and password.
Hello. Some features on this site require registration. Please click here to register for free.
Hello and thank you for registering. Please complete the process by verifying your email address. If you can't find the email you can resend it here.
Hello. Some features on this site require a subscription. Please click here to get full access and no ads for $1.99 or less per month.
search
By Date,
OP only,
Subject only
Expandable Faux Privacy Fence:
Tempting?
I almost wish I still had a house so I could use this product. How would you use this Faux Privacy Fence around your home?Offsite Linkby Anonymousreply 809/24/2020
Frau Thread Alert!by Anonymousreply 109/24/2020
Dear sweet-and-kinda-hot-baby-jesus that is ugly.by Anonymousreply 209/24/2020
trashby Anonymousreply 309/24/2020
I have a morbid fear of being spotted in a Vietnamese restaurant.
What I am looking for is a Pho privacy fence.I'll be here all week, folks.
Try the fish.by Anonymousreply 409/24/2020
Well, they surely must be sold out by now, so why tease us?by Anonymousreply 509/24/2020
Pho is not pronounced “faux.”by Anonymousreply 609/24/2020
I'd wrap it around myself so I could finally get a moment of peace!by Anonymousreply 709/24/2020
Just in time for Halloween!by Anonymousreply 809/24/2020
new reply
UNREAD
privacy/terms | the DataLounge® is © 1995-2019 by Mediapolis, inc. All rights reserved.
×Close
Get theDL Delivered
- The latest on your favorite topics delivered to your email inbox twice a week. It's easy to subscribe and unsubscribe when you want to. Give it a try! It's free so why not? (Click Here for a sample.)
Choose which channels you want to receive (uncheck all to unsubscribe)
Gossip
Entertainment
Politics
Important: Once you save your settings the first time you will receive a confirmation email. Please check your mail and click on the link in the email to complete your subscription.
No, we will not share your email address with anyone or send you spam. Save Email Preferences
Loading
×Close
Modal title
Recent
Active
Watched
Ignored
Settings/Permissions
Login/Register
Account
Need more help? Click Here.
Yes indeed, we too use "cookies." Don't you just LOVE clicking on these things on
every single site you visit? I know we do! You can thank the EU parliament for
making everyone in the world click on these pointless things while changing
absolutely nothing. If you are interested you can take a look at
our privacy/terms or if you just want to see the damn
site without all this bureaucratic nonsense,
click ACCEPT
and we'll set a dreaded cookie to make it go away. Otherwise, you'll just have
to find some other site
for your pointless bitchery needs.
×
Become a contributor - post when you want with no ads!