https://www.childrensbureau.org/news/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Legal PagesPrivacy Policy
November 13th, 2018
by Andra MartinezWho we areWe at Children’s Bureau, Inc.  respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.  We have developed this Privacy Policy  in order for you to understand the types of personally-identifiable information CB collects on this website, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it.We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service, to send e-mail alerts to you and to answer your requests and inqueries. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Compliance With LawsWe will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.Changes To This Privacy PolicyYou are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
First Name Last Name Email Address
Sign me up!Your privacy is very important to us. We will not share your information.
First Name
Last Name Email
Phone number
What can we help you with?
How do you know CB?
Message
Donate now!
Our work is possible because of people like you. Please give to create real change for Indiana children.
Gene Glick Family Support Center & Executive Offices 1575 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Street Indianapolis, Indiana, 46202
Phone: 317.634.5050
Privacy Policy