https://www.ntma.ie/website-privacy-cookies-policy
Home
NTMA Website Privacy & Cookies Policy
NTMA Website Privacy & Cookies Policy
The National Treasury Management Agency (“the NTMA”) respects your right to privacy and complies with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679), the Data Protection Acts 1988 – 2018 (together “Data Protection Law”), and S.I. No. 336/2011 - European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011 (“ePrivacy Regulations”). This NTMA Website Privacy & Cookies Policy (the “Policy”) provides information about the personal information that NTMA collects and the ways in which the NTMA uses and protects that personal information.
Links to other external websites are inserted for convenience. The NTMA is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of any external websites.
Types of information collected and their purpose:
"Technical Data"
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information on an aggregate basis about all visitors to our website. This Technical Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as user IP addresses, browser types, web search terms, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website. An IP address is the identifying details for your computer on the Internet expressed in "Internet Protocol" code (for example 192.168.75.46). Every computer connected to the Internet has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made. We anonymise IP addresses such that we cannot link them to any individual and we do not use technical data for advertising or marketing purposes.
"Email"
There are email addresses listed on the website for contact and information purposes. Should you choose to contact the NTMA via email, your details will only be used for the purposes outlined in your email request. The original email may be retained by the NTMA in accordance with the NTMA Records Management policy.
"Personal"
The processing of a job application via the NTMA recruitment portal will require the provision of personal information on the part of the applicant. All information provided will be treated in confidence consistent with our obligations under Data Protection Law and the ePrivacy regulations and will be retained in accordance with the NTMA Records Management Policy.
Disclosure
The NTMA may use other service providers to assist in the recruitment process, e.g. to undertake psychometric testing of candidates. Information may therefore be provided to third-party service providers acting on behalf of the NTMA, in confidence, as part of the recruitment process. Apart from this, information that you provide will not be made available to third parties except in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
The NTMA will never disclose technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our Internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf, and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. Technical information will only be used by the NTMA, and only for statistical purposes to help us to increase the usability and accessibility of our website. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of Data Protection Law.
Data Subject Rights
In accordance with Data Protection Law, you have certain data subject rights. For example, you may request access to your personal information or make a request to have it updated or deleted. To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our systems, please apply in writing to the Data Protection Officer, National Treasury Management Agency, Treasury Dock, I North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 A9T8 or email dpo@ntma.ie. Please visit our Data Protection Statement for further information in this regard.
Security
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The nature of the Internet is such that the NTMA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the Internet and you do so at your own risk. However, we will take all reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect the transmission of and access to personal information.
Changes to the NTMA Website Privacy & Cookies Policy
Any changes to this Policy will be posted on this website so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact the Data Protection Officer, National Treasury Management Agency, Treasury Dock, I North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 A9T8 or email dpo@ntma.ie.
Cookies
This website uses cookie technology. Cookies are small pieces of data stored in simple text files placed on your computer hard drive or mobile device by our website’s server and stored by the browser on your computer. Only our server will be able to retrieve, or read, the contents of the cookie. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. Cookies can be read by our website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page and usually contains some anonymous information such as a unique identification number.
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences, so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our website.
In particular cookies enable us:
(i) to measure visitor traffic to our website, their usage patterns and related activity;
(ii) to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our website according to your individual interests;
(iii) to speed up your searches; and
(iv) to recognise you when you return to our website.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to identify user sessions and to gather statistics on portions of the website and report website trends without identifying individual visitors, as well as to provide a number of key features in the Google Analytics reports. This means that the cookies are linked to our website domain(s), and we will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behaviour on our websites.
For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s website.
CookieNamePurposeGoogle Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz_ga_gat_gtag_gidThese cookies are used to collectinformation about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, includingthe number of visitors to the site,where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Google AnalyticscollectUsed to send anonymised data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.Cross-Site Request Forgery ProtectionCRAFT_CSRF_TOKENWith CSRF protection enabled, all site visitors get a “CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN” cookie set on their browser, and all POST requests are accompanied by a POST parameter with a matching name and value (the CSRF Token). If they are not matching, the system will reject the request with a 400 error. This is a forgery prevention measure.Session CookieCraftSessionIdThis cookie name is associated with the web content management system, where it functions as an anonymous session identifier.https://www.google.com NID / rc::cThis cookie is used to distinguish between humans and botsManaging Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. It is possible to block some or all cookies, or even to delete cookies that have already been set. However, if you disable cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the website or be unable to avail of any of our services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, cookies will issue when you log on to our website.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser settings so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set at your discretion. The Help function within your browser explains how to change these settings.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To remove cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse Cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-storedFor the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macFor any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
print
share