http://www.schnews.org.uk/privacy-policy/
SCH News School, College, Law University News Education And Law Changes
The Best Ways to Fund Your College Education
The Biggest Challenges Universities Have to Face in 2018
The Challenge of Free Speech in Universities
The Top 10 Best Universities in the UK
What Are the Top 5 Schools in the Country?
What Is Further Education?
Your Guide to Picking the Right School
How to Prepare for Your School Exams
Contact Us
In some parts of our website we might ask you to provide information that enables us to contact you after your visit to our website if you have asked us to do so.
The information you provide is kept confidential and is not and will not be disclosed to third parties, without your consent.
We respect our visitors personal information and undertake to comply with all applicable UK data protection legislation, both in respect of the personal information supplied by you.
In regards to information you might provide on the contact page form, you agree that we can use such information in accordance with the purposes that your information has been supplied for.
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request details of any information we may hold about you. If you would like details about what personal information we hold about you please contact us at email@schnews.org.uk.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies are essentially small text files that websites place on devices like destops, laptops, tablets, smartphones, etc  so the website can remember who its visitors are. A cookie contains a unique, but anonymous, identifier, and is usually a string of letters or numbers.
Schnews.org.uk uses cookies to distinguish you from other visitors using the website. This enables us to provide our visitors with a better experience when browsing our website and it also enables us to improve our website.
Visitors to our website can block all cookies quite easily by activating the cookie settings on your browser. This allows visitors to refuse the setting of cookies. Visitors to our website that enable this setting however might not be able to access certain parts of our website.
You can find more information about enabling and disabling cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Useful LinksSCH News School, College, Law University News Education And Law Changes
Contact Us