http://www.harrisbeach.com/privacy-highlights/
OFFICES
SUBSCRIBE
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy Highlights
Last updated November 22, 2015
Scope
This notice provides highlights of the full Harris Beach Privacy Policy.
Harris Beach PLLC (“HB”) has prepared this Web site for informational purposes only. The information provided to you at this site should not be relied upon or construed as legal advice or legal opinion. It is not an offer to represent you, nor is it intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The content of any Internet e-mail sent to HB or any of its lawyers at the e-mail addresses set forth in this site will not create an attorney-client relationship and will not be treated as confidential. You should not rely upon the information provided to you at this site without seeking individual advice from an attorney. We only use the information collected on this Web site to respond to inquiries.
We are not responsible for the content of any non-HB Web site to which this site is linked. If this site is in violation of any laws or ethical rules of your jurisdiction, HB does not wish to represent you. End users may view and use the contents of this site for personal uses only. All other uses are prohibited.
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy rights of visitors to this Web site and are committed to respecting privacy rights. We do not currently collect personally identifying information about you as you visit www.harrisbeach.com. We do not sell or share any information relating to visitors to this Web site to third parties. The Firm does not have any service providers with whom it shares personal information. We may however, in limited circumstances, share personal information with government authorities or others as required to protect the interests of the Firm, as necessary in connection with business transactions or as required by applicable law or court order.
Information transmitted to us by e-mail may be used by us to respond to inquiries for service or information or improve the services this firm provides. Since e-mail communication may not be secure, users may want to seek alternatives to e-mail when providing personal information.
Recent federal legislation requires law firms, like other professional organizations that advise on personal financial matters, to inform clients of the organization’s policies and practices regarding privacy of client information. Attorneys have been and continue to be bound by professional standards of confidentiality, also known as attorney-client privilege, that are even more stringent than those required by this new law. The Model Rules of Professional Conduct provide that we as lawyers may not reveal information relating to our representation without our clients’ consent. Nevertheless, to ensure compliance with the FTC rules, we are providing notice of our policy. Just as we have always done, we will continue to protect the privacy of our clients.
Harris Beach’s Commitment
At Harris Beach PLLC, the basis of every client relationship is trust. You choose to do business with us, and we value that relationship, beginning with the personal information you share with your Harris Beach attorney.
In the course of providing our clients with the full range of services we offer, we may receive significant personal and financial information from and about our clients. If you are a current or former client of Harris Beach PLLC, you should know that all information we receive from you is held in the strictest of confidence and is not released to anyone outside the firm, except as agreed to by you or as required under an applicable law.
We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. In order to protect your non-public personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with the highest professional standards.
This policy applies to all current and former professional services provided by Harris Beach PLLC.
HARRIS BEACH PLLC99 Garnsey RdPittsford NY 14534(585) 419-8800privacy@harrisbeach.com