http://www.4-hontario.ca/privacy-policy.aspx
4-H Ontario | Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
4-H Ontario
4-H OntarioPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ontario 4-H Council (“4-H Ontario”) Privacy Statement
4-H Ontario respects the privacy of its members, volunteers, donors, sponsors, staff and stakeholders. We are committed to ensuring that appropriate measures and safeguards are in place to protect specific information that is held for the purpose of 4-H Ontario programs. We adhere to legislative requirements with respect to privacy. We do not rent, sell or trade mailing lists. If at any time you wish to be removed from any of our contact lists, simply contact us by phone at 519-856-0992, toll free at 1-877-410-6748, by fax at 519-856-0515 or via our website at www.4-H Ontario.ca.  We will gladly accommodate your request. For further information regarding our commitment to privacy, please contact 4-H Ontario’s Privacy Officer at privacy@4-hontario.ca
“Our Commitment to Privacy”- Privacy Commitment Policy
4-H Ontario respects the privacy of our members, volunteers, donors, sponsors and stakeholders. We are committed to ensuring that appropriate measures and safeguards are in place to protect specific information that is held for the purpose of the 4-H Ontario programs. We adhere to all applicable legislative requirements with respect to privacy. We do not rent, sell or trade mailing lists. We understand that some of the information we hold about members, volunteers, donors, sponsors and stakeholders is personal and private, which is why we collect personal information only for the following purposes:
to establish and maintain a responsible relationship and provide ongoing service and support;
to conduct the 4-H Ontario Volunteer Recruitment and Screening Process for those volunteers and staff who may find themselves in a position of trust with the membership of 4-H Ontario;
to develop, enhance, market or provide opportunities consistent with the program mandates;
to maintain, manage and develop our programs and operations, through solicited feedback and support and/or;
to meet program requirements.
At all times we strive to keep personal information accurate and up-to-date for the purposes identified above. Members, volunteers, donors, sponsors and stakeholders do have choices and can refuse or withdraw consent for us to keep and use information. They may request that their name be removed from our various lists; they can refuse to provide personal information to us; and they may withdraw consent at any time. In all cases this may limit 4-H Ontario’s ability to provide appropriate service and support to these individuals.
Withdrawal of Consent for Collection/ Use of Information
All participants, donors, sponsors and stakeholders may request that their name be removed from our various lists at any time. Requests should be in writing and be directed to the organization’s Privacy and Screening Officer. Members, volunteers, donors, sponsors and stakeholders can also refuse to provide personal information to 4-H Ontario. In all cases this may limit 4-H Ontario’s ability to provide appropriate service and support to these individuals.
If at any time you wish to be removed from any of our contact lists, simply contact us by phone at (519) 824-0101 ext. 470; toll free at 1-877-410-6748 ext. 470, fax at (519) 824-8759 or via our website at 4-HOntario.ca. (the "Site"). We will gladly accommodate your request.
For further information regarding our commitment to privacy please contact 4-H Ontario’s Privacy and Screening Officer at privacy@4-hontario.ca.
Website – Online Privacy
4-H Ontario strives to protect the privacy of those who visit, browse and use the Site. The 4-H Ontario web server does not use tracking cookies or recognize any personal information regarding the identity or e-mail address of visitors to the Site, and does not collect unsolicited identifying information about those who access the Site.
4-H Ontario does not rent, sell or trade mailing lists. If you supply 4-H Ontario with personal contact information (for example, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number) on-line, you will only receive contact in respect to 4-H Ontario.
4-H Folklore Blog
4-H in My Area
Events Calendar
Donate
Search form
Login
Join Now
Contact 4-H
About 4-H
Youth
Volunteers
Alumni
Media
Support 4-H
Back to top
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Links
Site Map
Website Feedback
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Careers
Summit Sponsors
©Copyright 2020 4-H Ontario