http://www.insolvencyhelpline.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
COMPANY DEBT ANALYSER
Number of DebtsOneTwoThree or more
Total Amount of DebtLess than £15,000£15,001 to £100,000£100,001 or more
Please tick to confirm you have understood our Terms & Conditions
The Insolvency Helpline observes the highest standards of practice in all its activities and treats all the personal information it collects in strict compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the ‘Act’).
We will treat all your personal information as private and confidential. None of your personal information you disclose to us will be disclosed to anyone other than in exceptional circumstances, as permitted by law or as described below.
This policy sets out how we will process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms via our site www.insolvencyhelpline.co.uk including information provided when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, post material or request further services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we will use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and the services we provide to you.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, and other communication data, whether this is required for our own record keeping purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Information Security
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To provide the best possible service we will need to contact you shortly before the maturity of any fixed term or fixed rate products. This ensures you are aware of the options available and helps you make an informed decision about your maturity instructions.
To notify you about changes to our service and to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of your information
We will not transfer your personal data outside the EEA.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of The Insolvency Helpline
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where you have permitted us to do so;
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If The Insolvency Helpline or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms and Conditions, or the terms and conditions of any agreement we have with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Insolvency Helpline, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We engage third party suppliers to host and manage our site and as such they will require access to your personal data. We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that they treat your information in accordance with the Act.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to access your personal data. We are permitted to charge a fee of £10 for this service. You can exercise your right at any time by contacting us on the address above.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Such changes will be effective from the time of posting and we therefore advise that you check this policy regularly.
Website Terms and Conditions
By accessing and continuing to use any part of this website, the visitor shall be deemed to have accepted and be bound by the following terms and conditions.
The terms shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with English Law.
This agreement represents the complete agreement and understanding between us and any visitor to this site.
Any new features added to the site in the future, shall be subject to the same terms and conditions, unless otherwise stated.
Copyright
All website design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other content on this website, are copyright The Insolvency Helpline and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Visitors are permitted to print and download extracts from this site, provided: (i) No documents or related graphics on this site are modified in any way. (ii) Any use of the content of this site is for personal use of a strictly non-commercial nature. (iii) If copies of these pages are saved to disk, or to any other storage medium, they may only be used for the purpose of subsequent viewing or to print extracts for personal use.
Prior written permission must always be obtained from The Insolvency Helpline, before reproducing or storing any part of this website in any public or private retrieval system or service, including other third party websites.
Disclaimer
Information published in this website is intended to provide information only. The reader should independently verify the accuracy and relevance of any information provided here, before relying upon it or using it for any reason.
Any one that uses the information published in this site does so entirely at their own risk. In relying upon the information, the visitor indemnifies The Insolvency Helpline against any claims or legal proceedings that may arise from that use.
The Insolvency Helpline is not liable to the user of this site, either in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for direct or indirect loss of profits, business or anticipated savings, nor for any indirect or consequential loss or damage arising from the reader relying upon information contained in this site.
The Insolvency Helpline does not give any warranty or other assurance as to the operation, quality or functionality of the site. Access to the site may be interrupted, restricted or delayed for many reasons beyond our control.
Each provision of this disclaimer statement to exclude or limit liability operates separately. If any part is held by a court to be unreasonable or inapplicable, the other parts shall continue to apply.
As part of our on going customer care, we may occasionally contact you by telephone, letter or other means, to keep you informed about other products and services that may be of interest to you. Should you decide that you no longer wish to be contacted in the future, please contact us.
Insolvency
Insolvency
What is Insolvency?
Is your company insolvent?
Saving your company
Close Your Company
Insolvency Guide
Save Your Company
Liquidation
Liquidation
Voluntary liquidation
Company liquidation
Members liquidation
Advantages of liquidation
Costs of liquidation
Starting the process
Pre-Pack/Phoenix
Pre-Pack/Phoenix
What is pre-pack/phoenix?
When can you use a pre-pack?
Advantages of a pre-pack
How does a pre-pack work?
Problems of a pre-pack?
Starting the process
CVA
CVA
What is a CVA?
When can you use a CVA?
Benefits of a CVA
How is a CVA approved?
How are employees affected by a CVA?
Company Rescue
Company Rescue
Company Rescue Options
Improve cashflow
Negotiate with creditors
Company Rescue Advice
Help for distressed businesses
Tax Debt Rescue
Company Debt Advice
Company Debt Options
Asset Protection
Business Continuity
Company Insolvency
Business Recovery
Debt warning signs
HMRC Tax Advice
HMRC Tax Advice
Corporation tax debts
PAYE Tax Arrears
VAT Tax Debts
National Insurance (NI) debt
Tax payment plans
Dealing with HM Inland Revenue
Company Finance
Factoring
Company Finance
Invoice Discounting
Invoice finance
Asset finance
Company loans
Property finance
Call us now on
0800 668 1391
0161 907 2444
07956 156 354
By using our services, you agree to Insolvency Helpline's Cookies Policy.