http://www.cyber-rights.org/privacy/letter.htm
UK INTERNET
USERS PRIVACY LETTER to the ISPs:
<A Letter to
be sent to the UK ISPs>
Written By
Nicholas Bohm, E-Commerce Policy
Adviser & Yaman Akdeniz, Director,
Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK)
November 1998
See
also the press release for this letter
Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK), "Who
Watches the Watchmen: Part III - ISP Capabilities for the
Provision of Personal Information to the Police," February
1999, at http://www.cyber-rights.org/privacy/watchmen-iii.htm
See the newly added Responses
to the Privacy Letter pages
Individual ISP
Responses are available here
Updated: 21 January, 1999
Introduction:
We encourage Internet users with UK Internet Service Providers
to send the following letter (suitably modified as necessary) to their Internet Service Provider to
obtain information related to privacy of communications of
Internet users and their accounts. Apart from encouraging the
letter to be sent to UK ISPs, we also encourage users to send it
to academic institutions and companies who provide Internet usage
to their employees.
We also encourage UK Internet users to notify us of any
communications received in response to this letter with a view to
publication through this web page. Our aim is to find more about
the policies of around 300 UK ISPs.
Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK) will also try to send
this letter to UK ISPs through ISPA, LINX, and through personal
contacts and will encourage them to respond.
Nicholas Bohm and Yaman Akdeniz
27 November, 1998
Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK) Privacy Letter
[Finalised following extensive discussion within the
cyber-rights-UK Mailing List in November 1998.]
Date:
Dear Sirs,
I have had an Internet account with you since [INSERT DATE - TO BE FILLED BY THE USER],
and I am writing to raise a concern with you about the
confidentiality of Internet communications and Internet users
data.
I have read of proposed "good practice guidelines"
(formerly known as a memorandum of understanding) between UK
Internet Service Providers and the Association of Chief Police
Officers (see for example, "Police tighten the Net," The
Guardian, Online Section, 17 September, 1998 and
"Personal privacy versus crime fighting on the electronic
frontier," Computing, 07 October 1998). This is
apparently designed to enable ISPs to be released in certain
circumstances from the restrictions on disclosure of personal
data imposed by the UK Data Protection laws. My understanding is
that the proposed guidelines follow from the initiatives of a
recently formed body, "The Association of Chief Police
Officers, Internet Service Providers & Government
Forum", which held three seminars during October 1998
entitled "Policing the Internet: Working together to address
issues and allay concerns".
I wanted to let you, my Internet Service Provider, know that I
regard all traffic data and related information as confidential
including the following:
"the content, origin, destination and timing of my
electronic mail messages (sent and received), including the
details of any newsgroups to which I subscribe and the
details of messages received from or posted to them.
Moreover, information about websites visited, FTP activities
and IRC usage by myself or any members of my family through
my account through the connection you provide and details of
login and connection times."
[THE NEXT SENTENCE WOULD DEPEND
ON THE USERS CIRCUMSTANCES, e.g. anyone who communicates with a
lawyer by email, or may do so, can reasonably include the
following sentence]
I should also mention that a number of the messages sent and
received are not only confidential but are also potentially the
subject of legal professional privilege.
Therefore, I would regard the release of the information I
have described as a serious breach of confidence and actionable
as such and also in contract and also, where applicable, under
the Data Protection Act 1984. Short of what is judicially
authorised, I have the strongest objection to private bargains
being made for the release of confidential information (whether
under the so called "good practice guidelines" or
otherwise). Such guidelines have no legal force under current UK
law, and as my Internet Service Provider, you are not bound to
provide any sort of information if you are not provided with
judicial authority.
In fact, it should be your duty to safeguard my right to
private communications, which is
explicitly protected by international agreements such as the
European Convention on Human Rights. Please also note that the
recently enacted Human Rights Act 1998 incorporates the European
Convention on Human Rights into UK law and will provide a further
ground for action against infringement of my privacy rights.
To clear any doubts about the excellent services that you
provide, I would like you to answer the following specific
questions related to the content of this letter:
(1) Does your organisation take part in the Association of
Chief Police Officers, Internet Service Providers &
Government Forum or has it been aware of such discussions ?
(2) Has your organisation been approached by the above forum
to take part into such discussions and what has been the response
?
(3) What is your organisation's policy on such requests from
the law enforcement agencies? If there is a written policy,
please let me have a copy. Will the proposed good practice
guidelines (previously known as the Memorandum of Understanding)
affect your current policy ?
(4) What sort of monitoring or backup systems are used and for
how long do you keep personal data (as explained above) ? Is
[insert name of the ISP] capable of actively monitoring all IP
traffic from a particular user and if this is done for what
purposes ?
(5) Are you registered with the Data Protection Registrar, and
if so for what purposes can you disclose data and to whom ?
(6) Do you have any objection to publication of your replies?
If so, please give the reasons for your objection.
I very much hope that you will be able to confirm that you
will respect the confidentiality of the information I have
described.
[PLEASE FEEL FREE TO MODIFY OR
DELETE THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH]
I have a high regard for the quality of your service,
especially your user support, and have recommended you to others
who have been equally pleased with the results. I hope that your
approach to customer confidentiality will be just as commendable
and I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
[SIGNED BY THE USER]
Go back to Cyber-Rights
& Cyber-Liberties (UK)