http://www.elaweb.org.uk/content/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content area
Home
Contact us
Login
Register
Browse All Resources
Search form
Search
Employment Lawyers Association (UK)
TrainingTraining and EventsWebinarsLaw and PracticeELA BriefingIDS BulletinsLecture NotesCurrent ConsultationsConsultation ResponsesET User GroupsMember DiscountsPro Bono OpportunitiesELIPS LitigantsELIPS VolunteersNGOs/Social EnterprisesPublicFinding advicePolicyPressAbout UsAbout UsManagement CommitteeEditorial CommitteeIn House CommitteeInternational CommitteeJunior CommitteeLegislative and Policy CommitteePro Bono CommitteeTraining Committee
You are hereHome » Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
The Employment Lawyers Association is a Company limited by guarantee. Company registered in England no. 2765744.
Registered address: Highland House, Mayflower Close, Chandlers Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 4AR
The Directors are the members of the Management Committee who are listed here.
These Terms ("Terms") govern your use of the Employment Lawyer's Association ("ELA")  website.  By using the website you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms. ELA may change the Terms at any time by putting amended Terms on the website.  If you do not accept these Terms please do not use this website.
Intellectual Property
ELA owns intellectual property rights in the website.  This includes, without limitation, copyright, database rights, rights in designs, rights in know-how, patents and rights in inventions, whether registered or unregistered.  Unless otherwise stated, the copyright in the content published on this website is the property of ELA.
All software used on this website is the property of ELA or our software suppliers and is protected by copyright laws.  Unless the conditions below are met, the content of the website may not be modified, reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of  ELA.
You may copy materials from the website on the following conditions:
you must only use the materials for your own personal use and must not distribute them to any third party;
you must not use the material for commercial or business purposes;
material must be reproduced accurately and must retain any copyrights which are contained in the original material; and
material must not be used in a derogatory manner or in any manner which may adversely affect ELA's business or reputation.
Trade Marks
The ELA logo and other marks used on  the website are ELA's trade marks and may not be used without ELA's prior written permission. You may not use any meta tags or any other hidden text using ELA's names or trade marks without prior written permission.
Use of Association’s name
No member is entitled to print or otherwise place the name of the Association or refer to the Association or membership of the Association on headed paper, compliment slips, brochures. No member is to refer to membership as a professional qualification. However members may mention membership of the Association in the normal course of business in a curriculum vitae or legal directories.
Information Gathering
You may not use any data gathering or data extraction tools, such as robots, on the ELA website without the prior written permission of ELA.
Disclaimers - please read this section carefully
While ELA has taken care in preparing the contents of the website and except as set out below, ELA does not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of the website including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of anticipated revenues, loss of business opportunities, loss of goodwill, loss of data or damage to reputation. Nothing in these Terms shall operate to limit or exclude ELA's liability for:
death or personal injury caused by ELA's negligence;
damage suffered by you as a result of any breach by ELA of the condition as to title under Part 1 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987;
breach of the warranty as to quiet possession implied by Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or Section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; or
for fraud (including, but not limited to, fraudulent misrepresentation).
The material published on this website is for general information purposes only and does not and is not intended to constitute legal or other professional advice. You should seek specific legal advice in relation to any particular matter. ELA accepts no responsibility for loss which may arise from reliance on information contained on this site. ELA cannot give legal advice to members of the ELA ("Members") or the public.
ELA does not guarantee that access to and use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free. From time to time ELA may suspend or restrict access to the website in order to carry out repairs, maintenance or to introduce new facilities. ELA does not warrant that the information on the website is accurate or complete and is not responsible for checking that information is accurate or complete.
Third Party Products
Mention of third party products, services, companies and websites on the website is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation, including (without limitation) where products and services are offered at a discount to Members.  Please note that all third party products must be ordered directly from the third party.
Lecture Notes
Lecture notes featured on the website  represent the views of the individual authors, not those of ELA.  The law is stated as at the date of the article.
The lecture notes are intended for the personal use of ELA members only and must not be published or re-used in any form without the express consent of the author. Copyright belongs to the author. The lecture notes are intended as a summary of a given area only and are not be a substitute for specialist advice. ELA accepts no responsibility for the accuracy of the legal information contained in this web site.
Links
The website contains links to websites run by other organisations which we think you may find of interest. ELA does not check the content and accuracy of the websites ELA links to and therefore ELA takes no responsibility for information contained on websites maintained by other organisations or for action taken as a result of information contained on websites maintained by other organisations.
Members may suggest links to be added to the links section of the website.  ELA will review any suggestions and may, at its sole discretion, add a suggested link, although it is under no obligation to do so.
Security
You may access the Members section of the website if you are a Member and have a registered user name and password on the website.  You are responsible for keeping your account details and password safe.  You must ensure that nobody else knows your username and password. If you think that somebody else knows your username and password you must tell us immediately so that ELA can change your account details.  Please telephone the following number if you believe your account is no longer secure: 01895 256972.
ELA reserves the right at any time to block your account and restrict your access to the Members section of the website. If your account is blocked please telephone the following number to reactivate it: 01895 256972. ELA is under no obligation to reactivate your account.
Privacy
Please review the privacy policy for information on how ELA collects and uses your personal information.
Framing
You may not frame the website without ELA's prior written permission.
ELA Online Directories
ELA members may choose to be listed the searchable Directory of Members or the Register of Mediators.
Inclusion in the ELA membership is not an endorsement that a particular lawyer is a suitable person to advise nor is it a professional qualification. We hope that access to our membership list will assist members of the public in making a choice of lawyer which is always a matter for a client's judgement. Membership of the ELA is available to qualified lawyers who self certify that they practise predominantly or to a material extent in employment law (at least a quarter of their working time).
Pro Bono Opportunities
ELA will from time to time post details of pro bono opportunities on the website which are provided by various independent pro bono agencies.  Pro bono opportunities will be allocated to Members that contact ELA to express an interest on a first come first served basis, subject to any necessary conflict checks.  ELA acts as a intermediary between Members and the various independent agencies but does not make any judgements about the skills and abilities of Members which are referred to those agencies.
Advertising Job Vacancies
Employers and recruiters that pay the relevant fee (currently £100 plus VAT) to ELA will be permitted to submit advertisements for job vacancies ("Advertisements") for posting on the website.  ELA will use its reasonable endeavours to post Advertisements on the website within 3 days of receipt of the Advertisement or payment of the fee, whichever is the later where possible, subject to any technical difficulties or other circumstances beyond ELA's control, including (without limitation) staff shortages.  ELA may review Advertisements prior to or after posting and reserves the right to refuse to post Advertisements, or to edit or remove Advertisements, which contain inappropriate content.  Advertisements will remain on the website for two months from the date of posting or until the vacancy is filled, whichever is the earlier.  You must notify ELA immediately once the vacancy is filled so that the website can be updated.  ELA is not a party to the dealings between employers and recruiters and candidates and candidates will contact employers and recruiters direct.
Training and Events
ELA may place details of training courses and other events that it offers from time to time on the website.  You will be able to book and pay for events on the website, subject to the terms and conditions of booking, which are set out on the relevant pages of the website.
Severance
If any provision in these Terms is declared void or unenforceable by any court or other body of competent jurisdiction, or is otherwise rendered so by any applicable law, such provision shall to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability be deemed severable and all other provisions of these Terms not affected by such invalidity or unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect.
Waiver
No delay or failure by ELA in enforcing any provision in these Terms shall be deemed to be a waiver or create a precedent or in any way prejudice ELA's rights under these Terms.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Quick Links
Find an Employment Lawyer
Register of Mediators
Jobs in Employment Law
ELA Briefing
IDS Bulletins
Lecture Notes
Current Consultations
Consultation Responses
ET User Groups
Member Discounts
Training and Events
Law and Practice
ELA Committees
ELA Briefing
IDS Bulletins
Lecture Notes
Responses to Consultations
Find a Member
Jobs in Employment Law
Home
About ELA
Contact us
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Diversity
Cookies
Copyright © 2020 ELA
Join us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter