https://www.sermons-2-go.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Sermons 2 go
sermons resource centre
Home
About
Sermons
All Saints
Advent
Ascension
Baptism of Christ
Christmas
Christ the king
Presentation of Christ in the Temple
Easter
Epiphany
Holy Week
Lent
Mothering Sunday
Palm Sunday
Pentecost
Saints Feast Days
Trinity
Other
Illustrations
beginings
Bible-text
Old Testament
New Testament
Sketches
Restrictions for use
Sketches for services
Mothering Sunday Service
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.sermons-2-go.co.uk
Your current state: No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
The below list details the cookies used in our website.CookieDescription_ga_ga
Google analytics cookie - Used to distinguish users with an expiration time of 2 years_gatUsed to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id">>._gidCookie lasts 24 hours - Google Analytics - Used to distinguish users_hjidHotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behaviour in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID._hjIncludedInSampleHotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.DYNSRVThis cookie is added by our load balancer to track which web server to send the visitor to. Its purpose is to improve the performance of the website.
How can I control the cookie preferences ?
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Search for:
Recent posts
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 327
23rd December 2019
Off
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 326
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 325
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 324
23rd December 2019
Off
TagsAdvent (9)
Christian Faith (7)
Conclusion So (8)
Egypt (15)
Evening Prayer (6)
Evening Prayer BCP (6)
Evening Prayer CW (8)
Following Jesus (3)
God God (3)
God Jesus (9)
God Point (3)
God Prayer (3)
Gospel Jesus (3)
His Father (4)
His Glory (3)
His Kingdom (6)
His Son (9)
His Spirit (7)
Holy City (3)
Holy Communion (31)
Holy Communion CW (6)
Holy One (3)
Holy Spirit (57)
Iona Evening Prayer (4)
Iona Service (4)
Israel (57)
Jesus Christ (55)
Jewish Law (4)
Jordan (5)
Lent (5)
Lord God (6)
Lord Jesus Christ (9)
Morning prayer (5)
New Testament (5)
NT (39)
OK (5)
Old Testament (4)
OT (35)
Palm Sunday (4)
Rome (6)
So God (3)
So Jesus (6)
Son Jesus Christ (5)
Trinity (18)
TV (5)
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT REJECTPrivacy & Cookies Consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.