http://www.spirituality.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Skip to header
Skip to footer
Last Updated: May 16, 2017See the new Data Privacy Statement
for The First Church of Christ, Scientist &
The Christian Science Publishing SocietyPosted May 25, 2018Your privacy is important to us. Therefore, we are committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we use and safeguard the information you provide in using the Service.In this Privacy Policy, “Terms of Service” means our Terms of Service currently found at http://jsh.christianscience.com/terms-of-service. Other capitalized terms have the meanings given them in the Terms of Service or in this Privacy Policy.1. What information do we collect?“Personal Data” means the following types of information that we may gather, store, and use relating to an identified or identifiable User of the Service in order to provide that User with access to the Service:a. “User Comments”: any information posted by Users that is collected, displayed, or stored on the Service, other than Registration Information, Customer Service Communications or Log Information.b. “Registration Information” means any information provided when voluntarily registering for use of the Service, including, but not limited to, username, password, and email address.c. “Customer Service Communications” means any information that is reported to us about the operation of the Service, including bug reports or requests for enhancements.d. “Log Information” means information that your application sends when you use the Service. Our servers automatically record basic information that your application sends. These server logs may include information such as your message, Internet Protocol address, other addressing information, the date and time of your request and an authentication token used to validate the identity of you and your computer.2. How do we use this information and for what purpose?Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with an efficient user experience. We may also use the information defined in this Privacy Policy to: provide the services and any customer support you request; resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems; enforce our Terms of Service; customize, measure, and improve the Service, content and layout; unless you choose to opt-out, inform you about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers; compare information for accuracy, and verify your identity; provide other services for you as described when we collect the information.Regardless of anything else in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may also combine information, including personal information, that we collect from you during visits to the Service with information obtained from your other interactions with CSPS and its affiliates and service providers, including your subscriptions, product purchases, website visits, or other communications. We may use this information to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Service or our other sites, and to share your information with any of our affiliates or service providers in order to provide the Service or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf. Additionally we may use your information as described below.Registration InformationWe ask for Registration Information in order to verify your identity and to enable your use of the Service. We use third-party banking organizations and other providers of payment services to bill you, and in that case, you are providing the necessary billing information directly to such provider(s).We respect the privacy of personal e-mail accounts, and we will store your e-mail addresses just as securely as other Personal Data. Your Registration Information will not be passed to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit permission. We will use e-mail to send you messages about Service faults and Service issues. We may also use e-mail to keep you up to date with news about the Service and other products we offer. You may opt-out of receiving these e-mail messages through the link provided in such communications. However, we reserve the right to use e-mail to notify you of any Service faults and issues and of any claims related to your use of the Service, including without limitation claims of violation of third-party rights.User CommentsYou agree to our use of any of your User Comments, your username, and other identifying information included with your User Comments, as provided by you, according to our Terms of Service currently found at http://jsh.christianscience.com/terms-of-service.Customer Service CommunicationsInformation which is voluntarily submitted in feedback is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the Service. We reserve the right to utilize anonymous information for marketing purposes, for instance by displaying selected anonymous comments on our website or in other communications. Further, we may from time to time ask you to provide information on your experiences which will be used to measure and improve quality. You are at no time under any obligation to provide such data. We will never use any personally identifiable (feedback) information without your explicit permission.Log InformationWe will use this routing information to provide you with access to the Service and for statistical information.3. To whom do we transfer your personal information?Except as provided below, we shall not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any Registration Information to any third party without your explicit permission, unless we are obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities.JSH-Online may supply its subscriptions and Content through service providers. Subscriptions are processed by third parties on behalf of CSPS, and such third parties collect and store billing and credit card information solely to process these purchases. This information will not be used for any other reason except as instructed by CSPS. Registration Information that you provide to us may be sent to service providers in order to deliver the service provided by them; similarly, personal information (except credit card information) that you provide to those sites may be sent to us in order to operate the Service or otherwise use according to these Terms.We may collect anonymous, aggregated data from our website and provide it to our service providers to help us with our market research and statistical purposes. JSH-Online may use such information to help determine ways to improve the Site. JSH-Online reserves the right to publish non-personally identifiable, summary information regarding its website visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers. Please note that this is not personal information, only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers.Information collected by us may be stored and processed in any country in which we, our affiliates, or our service providers maintain facilities. We reserve the right to transfer information outside of the country where you reside and/or from which you use the Service. By using the Service you consent to any such transfer of information.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, we may access, use, preserve or disclose any information we have access to if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation or disclosure of any information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce the Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.4. How do we protect your personal information?We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the data provided to us or collected by us, and do not retain it any longer than permitted in order to perform our services or as required under relevant legislation, with due observance of the applicable obligations and exceptions under the relevant legislation. You should be aware that internet communications are not always secure. We cannot promise you that third parties cannot access your Registration Information; in this regard, you are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account passwords. It is a condition of your use that you agree we are not liable for any such disclosure.
5. How long is your Personal Data kept by us?We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to: (1) provide the use of the Service; (2) communicate with you regarding the Service or other services that we offer; (3) comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts; (4) enforce our Terms of Service; or (5) fulfill any of the other purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy.6. What are cookies and how do we use them?"Cookies" are text files stored on the User’s hard drive that are used to collect information about the User’s visits to the Site. Cookies help us create an overall profile of how a User uses our site, and how often visits occur. Cookies cannot be used to collect data from any User's computer - cookies can only be used in conjunction with visits within our site.See https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer for more information about cookies.Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some portions of JSH-Online will not function properly if you do so. For further information on cookies and their use, see the help instructions delivered with your browser or contact the browser's manufacturer.7. How far does our responsibility extend?This Privacy Policy applies to services that are owned and operated by JSH-Online. We do not exercise control over other users or third party websites that may link to our Service. They may place their own or other files on their website, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. We accept no responsibility or liability for these other sites or services.8. Can this Privacy Policy be modified?We reserve the right to modify the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We will publish the revised Privacy Policy at http://jsh.christianscience.com/privacy-policy. The revised Privacy Policy shall become effective within thirty (30) days of such publishing. You agree that your continued use of the Service after the notice period of thirty (30) days, shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.9. What rights do you have and how can you contact us?If you would like to exercise your right to view, correct, complete or remove your Personal Data, please contact us at http://jsh.christianscience.com/contact-us. Upon verification of your identity, we will attempt to quickly fulfill your request, provided we will not act contrary to applicable legislation by fulfilling your request.
Are you sure?
This bookmark will be removed from all folders and any saved notes will be permanently removed.
Cancel
Remove bookmark
Forgot to add folder?
You have entered the name of a "new folder" but have not yet saved the change. Select "OK" and then select the "Add Folder" option to complete this step. Select "Cancel" to save this bookmark without creating a new folder.
Cancel
Ok
×
Terms of Service
Welcome to "2017 Hymnal," a part of Christian Science JSH-Online (the “Site”), owned and operated by The Christian Science Publishing Society. As a user of 2017 Hymnal, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Privacy Policy of the Site, including the Permissions Page which contains the following specific use information about content (such as sheet music, audio recordings, hymn texts, notes and other text) found on 2017 Hymnal:
You may download and print a copy of content for your personal, non-commercial use.
You may download and print a sufficient number of copies of sheet music and hymn texts for the purpose of congregational singing, reviewing, and previewing hymns with your church congregation.
You may download and play audio recordings for personal, non-commercial use and for the purpose of congregational singing, reviewing, and previewing hymns with your church congregation.
Except for the above, you may not otherwise copy or distribute hymn content or other content from 2017 Hymnal pages in any format without written permission.
All copies of 2017 Hymnal content must retain attribution and copyright notices as provided, without alteration.
You may not email or re-post 2017 Hymnal content on other websites or social media pages.
You may not deep-link to 2017 Hymnal content.
For inquiries about re-using 2017 Hymnal content and permissions questions, please contact: permissions@csps.com.We reserve the right to terminate access to the Site and/or the 2017 Hymnal area of the Site for failure to comply with the above terms.
Tags Error
Ok
×
Video Player
Navigation
Close
About
Subscribe
Log In
JSH-Online
Journal
Sentinel
Herald
Bookmarks
Audio
TeenConnect
Biographies
Collections
Write for us
Journal Directory
eBibleLesson Express
Concord
Science and Health audio
Daily Lift
Daily Thought
Church Services
Church News
More languages
Issues
Latest Sentinel
Latest Journal
Explore the archive
On the web
Audio
Sentinel Watch
TeenConnect
Biographies
Collections
Journal Directory
Concord
Science and Health audio
eBibleLesson Express
Daily Lift
Who we are
About JSH-Online
Site tour
Subscription options
FAQ
Write for us
Contact us
Herald
French
German
Portuguese
Spanish
More languages
ChristianScience.com
Bible Lesson
CSPS Online Shop
CSMonitor.com
MBELibrary.org
Log in to JSH-Online
Email
Password
Remember Me
Log In
Forgot your password?
Not a subscriber?With your subscription, you can access all the healing content of the Christian Science magazines as well as additional online resources and features.Subscription optionsTake a tourNo thanks.Continue as guest.
Keyword(s):
Search
Complete any or all fields
Search by Title:
Search by Author:
Content type:
Articles
Testimonies
Editorials
Audio
For Youth / Kids
Advanced
Close X
This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.