http://www.enniscenter.org/privacy-policy
888-200-8915
PROGRAMS
TREATMENT FOSTER CARE
OUTPATIENT COUNSELING
YOUTH ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (YAP)
FOSTERING CREATIVITY
COMMUNITY-BASED DELINQUENCY
ABOUT US
CHILDREN SERVED
FOSTER PARENTING & ADOPTION
ADOPTION
EXECUTIVE STAFF
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ENNIS CENTER HISTORY
TESTIMONIALS
ANNUAL REPORTS
BLOG
HOW YOU CAN HELP
MAKE A DONATION
ANNUAL APPEAL
ANNUAL GOLF OUTING
SUMMER PICNIC
SPONSOR A CHILD FOR THE HOLIDAYS
HOLIDAY PARTIES
MORE WAYS TO HELP
EVENTS
EMPLOYMENT
CONTACT
New Paragraph
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY Collected Information. Ennis Center For Children Inc. (“Ennis Center,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collect information from you when you access our website(s) located at www.enniscenter.org and its affiliated pages, information, and content (the “Website”), or submit a request for additional information, or contact us using the online form. When registering on our Website, completing the online form, or ordering a service after registration, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card or other payment information. You may visit our general Website without entering this information. In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is used in non-identifiable ways, without any reference to personal information. For example, we may use information we collect about Website users to optimize our Website and understand its traffic and usage patterns. In other cases, we associate the information we collect using cookies and related technologies with personal information, and in that case, this Privacy Policy governs how we use that information. Online Privacy Policy Only. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline or via email, mail, fax, telephone, or in any other way, except as specified above. Cookies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of the Website, and their Website access preferences. Website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Website, with the drawback that certain features of the Website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Action Tags. Our Website may use a common web technology called “action tags” (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track usage and other web activity information. Action tags (including third-party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, our Website does not use action tags to collect or transfer Personal Information. Google Analytics. We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.IP Addresses. Our server logs may also record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses of the devices you use to interact with the Website. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. Additionally, your IP address may be used to help identify you, to track activity within our Website, and to gather broad demographic information. Limited Disclosure of Information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties information that may directly identify you as an individual (“Personal Information”). This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you (“Business Partners”), so long as those parties agree to protect Personal Information on terms not less restrictive than the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may also release Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action; to effect a merger, acquisition, or otherwise to support the sale or transfer of business assets; to enforce our Website policies; or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information (such as IP addresses and aggregated information) may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Use of Information. Any of the Personal Information may be used in the following ways: 1. Facilitate and process orders for services offered by Ennis Center; 2. Operate and improve our Website; 3. Evaluate eligibility of clients for certain services; 4. Evaluate the types of offers or services that may be of interest to clients; 5. Provide customer support, including to our Business Partners; 6. Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Ennis Center and our Business Partners, such as Ennis Center news, special offers, announcements, and marketing materials; 7. Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages service bulletins, or marketing messages; 8. Provide advertisements to you through the Website, email messages, text messages, or other methods of communication; 9. Administer surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners; and 10. Manage our everyday business needs such as Website administration, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, Terms of Use, or to comply with applicable local, state, federal, and international laws. We may use non-personally identifiable visitor information without restriction. Protection of Information. We implement a variety of security measures to reasonably safeguard Personal Information when you submit Personal Information to Ennis Center; however, we do not guarantee or warrant that the security measures cannot be breached. When the collected Personal Information is no longer required for its stated purpose, it will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous, unless Ennis Center is required by state law, United States law or other applicable law to retain the information. Ads and Third-Party Links. We may include or offer third-party products or services on our Website. These third parties have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of any linked third-party websites. Ads appearing on our Website may be delivered to users by third parties, who may set cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and information collected by Ennis Center and does not cover the use of cookies and information collected by any third parties. Notice to Residents of Countries Outside the United States of America. Ennis Center is headquartered in the state of Michigan in the United States of America. Any information we collect may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, Business Partners, or service providers elsewhere in the world. By utilizing the Website, you consent to this transfer. We will protect the privacy and security of Personal Information according to our Privacy Policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored. Changes to Our Privacy Policy. Ennis Center may change its Privacy Policy from time to time and in Ennis Center sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or email you regarding the changes. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective upon the revised Privacy Policy being publically available for viewing at the Website; the date the Privacy Policy was last revised is posted at the end of this Privacy Policy.Enforcement; Contacting Us.Ennis Center uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented, accessible, and in conformance with applicable laws. If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Website, you can contact us at: development@enniscenter.org.[End of Privacy Policy]Revised February 2018
Ennis Center for Children does not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, religion, creed, age, sex, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, genetic information, or military status, in any of its activities or operations. Ennis Center for Children is an equal opportunity employer.
Quick LinksDonate NowAbout UsHow You Can HelpGalleryEmploymentContact UsPrivacy Policy
Share by: