https://www.socialenterprise.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions Social Enterprise UK website usage
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Social Enterprise UK’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Social Enterprise UK’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is The Fire Station, 139 Tooley Street, London SE1 2HZ. Our company registration number is 4426564 registered in England and Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, your contact details may be stored by us.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Social Enterprise UK. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Social Enterprise UK takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of this site shall be governed by English law and shall be subject to thexclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Licence to use website:
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rightsin the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
a) Republish material from this website without the permission of Social
Enterprise UK, including republication on another website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution;
b) Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
c) Show any material from the website in public, without accreditation of the source;
d) Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
e) Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website
Sample terms and conditions of website usage
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and
be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our
privacy policy govern Social Enterprise UK’s relationship with you in relation to this
website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not
use our website.
The term ‘Social Enterprise UK’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website
whose registered office is The Fire Station, 139 Tooley Street, London SE1 2HZ. Our
company registration number is 4426564 registered in England and Wales. The term
‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, your contact details may be stored by us.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Social Enterprise UK. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Social Enterprise UK takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of this site shall be governed by English law and shall be subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Licence to use website:
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights
in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all
these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the
website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and
elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
a)  Republish material from this website without the permission of Social
Enterprise UK, including republication on another website, except for content
specifically and expressly made available for redistribution;
b)  Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
c)  Show any material from the website in public, without accreditation of the
source;
d)  Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a
commercial purpose;
e)  Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website.