http://www.sexualassaultniagara.org/privacy
Hide This Website
24 Hour Crisis & Information Line: 905-682-4584
AboutVolunteerDonateSponsors & FundersEventsContactPrivacy NRSAC Facebook
NRSAC Twitter
NRSAC YouTube
Privacy
Further to the provision of the Personal Information Protection Act, personal information is kept confidential by Niagara Region Sexual Assault Centre, (CARSA Inc.), and will not be sold, traded, released, shared or distributed to any other individuals, organizations or agencies without prior consent.
Privacy and confidentiality is of the utmost importance to the Niagara Region Sexual Assault Centre (CARSA Inc.). Our organization recognizes the value of its relationships with those who contact us, including callers, clients, donors, volunteers, and employees, and is committed to respecting and protecting their personal information. We define private information as any factual or subjective information, whether recorded or not, about an identifiable individual. Personal information does not include the name, title, business address or telephone number of an employee of a business organization.
With respect to those who contact us for assistance via the web, we encourage them to call us by telephone instead. We thus use the information provided through the website only to contact such individuals, and only with their explicit permission. We value the trust of those we deal with, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires transparency and accountability in how we handle and protect the personal information entrusted to us.
Measures have been enacted to ensure the integrity of personal information and to protect it from misuse, loss or alteration. All information submitted to Niagara Region Sexual Assault Centre (CARSA Inc.) is only available to collective members managing this information. E-mail addresses are only used for the purposes of related correspondence.
With respect to content on our website, we maintain intellectual property over it, unless otherwise specified. We are not responsible for the content provided on linked sites; we do not control those websites or necessarily endorse their viewpoints.
If you have concerns related to your privacy or any information printed on our website, please contact us.
Sidebar
Get Help Right Now.
Call our 24-hour crisis & information line at 905-682-4584
Survivor's Groups
Therapy that supports, informs and empowers. Get support today
Donate Now
You can help us by giving a donation today! Donate Now
You are not alone.
We are here to listen and help. Hear other's stories
If you have just been sexually assaulted
Call our 24 hour crisis & information line at 905-682-4584
Back To Top