http://www.iwmf.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 18, 2015
The International Women’s Media Foundation (“IWMF”) is committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize that you would wish any information which you provide on this website (the “Site”) to be protected against unauthorized use and disclosure. We have established this Privacy Policy to explain how we manage the information we receive from you.
We will endeavor to respect your privacy in accordance with the Privacy Policy below and welcome any questions or comments that you may have. Please contact us at info@iwmf.org with your queries or concerns.
1. OVERVIEW
This Privacy Policy describes the information IWMF collects through the Site, how that information is used and the third parties with whom we share it. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected from you via the Site and not to information you provide by other means including, for example, through IWMF’s Reporta smartphone application or by email or on paper. Additionally, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites, including those you reach through links we have provided on this Site. We encourage you to request and review the privacy policies of any third party prior to disclosing information to such party.
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or another individual, or can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact or locate you or the other individual, including, but not limited to contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) and financial information (such as your credit card or bank account number).
2. NATURE OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
a. INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
IWMF may collect, store and use any information you choose to provide, including your personally identifiable information and information you provide about another individual. For example, IWMF may collect such information about you when you (a) register as a member of IWMF, (b) use any e-mail or messaging functions available at the Site, (c) post information to the Site, (d) make a payment through the Site, (e) respond to a survey, subscribe to our newsletter, or request information or assistance through the Site or (f) use a third party website through our Site. You also provide information about yourself and others, for example when you nominate someone for an IWMF award.
b. INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
We use tools, including third party analytical software, to automatically collect certain data about the computer or other device you use to reach our Site: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique or other device identifier; (ii) device operating system and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as country or region; and (v) other similar data. We may also use server log analysis tools to gather and analyze information regarding our Site’s usage, such as the number of hits received, our most/least visited pages, errors experienced by users, browsers and platforms used to connect to our Site, your IP address and internet service provider (ISP), the date and time you visited the Site, the web pages you visited and the websites you visited before or after you visit our Site. This information may be collected via several technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs and other means. You can remove certain cookies by following the directions in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you disable cookies, your ability to use areas of the Site may be limited.
The above information belongs to IWMF.
3. USE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
IWMF may use the personally identifiable information you provide, separately or in combination with other information IWMF collects, for the following purposes:
To communicate with you about IWMF and your participation in IWMF;
To process your nomination for an award, register you for a conference or meeting and provide services you have requested; and
To alert you to upgrades, service updates, special offers and other information about IWMF and the services we offer, and to administer promotions and surveys.
We may also use the information you provide to operate and maintain this Site and to improve our effectiveness, content, services and communications with you (for example, by customizing your experience or homepage on the Site), and to detect and protect against error, fraud and any other unauthorized or illegal activities.
If you are visiting this Site from a country outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that in using this Site you may transfer personal information about yourself to the United States, that the data protection laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in your own country and that transferring this personal information occurs with your consent. Personally identifiable information collected on the Site may be stored and processed in the United States, under the laws of the United States.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may disclose your personally identifiable and other information to third parties, as follows:
To our affiliates, to our advisors and to third party partners whom we engage to provide products and services on our behalf, and who are submitted to confidentiality agreements and/or privacy policies, including, but not limited to our collaboration platform and other website services, payment processing services, newsletter and e-mail delivery, and website analytics services;
To third parties as you instruct or authorize;
To a successor organization if IWMF is involved in a transaction such as a merger, stock purchase or sale, or sale of substantially all of IWMF’s assets; and
In response to a subpoena or court order, or a request from a law enforcement or other government agency, to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against claims, or to protect the safety or security of the public or of users of this Site or IWMF products and services.
From time to time, we may disclose aggregate information about users of the Site, including the information described in Paragraph 2.b, to service providers, partners, or others, or by publishing a report on the usage of the Site. IWMF makes every effort to ensure the released information does not contain information that can personally identify you.
Except as described above, we do not rent, sell or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent.
5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This Site is intended for adults. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen.
6. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We follow generally accepted security practices and procedures to protect the personally identifiable information you provide from unauthorized access, use and disclosure, and we require that our authorized service providers implement and maintain such security practices and procedures as well. Nevertheless, please be aware that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.
7. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
The personally identifiable information you provide will be stored and maintained by IWMF for so long as we believe is necessary or appropriate (a) to carry out the purpose(s) for which such information was collected, or (b) to comply with applicable laws, contracts, or other rules or regulations.
8. ACCURACY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
If you are an IWMF member, you may (and should) update and correct the personally identifiable information maintained by IWMF by logging into the Site and entering any new information about yourself.
9. REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
IWMF may modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice to you. Modifications will be effective on the date that appears on the modified Policy. Each time you use this Site, we recommend that you check the effective date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes made since the last time you visited the Site. Your continued use of this Site following modification of this Policy will be conclusively deemed to signify your acceptance of the modification.
10. DO NOT TRACK
We do not support Do Not Track on this Site at this time. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit donottrack.us.