https://www.clydeco.com/en/legal-and-privacy/legal-notice
Menu
Search
Close
People
Locations
Expertise
Insights
About
Careers
Events
Contact
People
Locations
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Middle East
UK & Europe
Africa
Cape Town
Dar es Salaam
Johannesburg
Nairobi
Americas
Atlanta
Caracas
Chicago
Los Angeles
Mexico City
Miami
Montréal
New Jersey
New York
Orange County
San Francisco
Santiago
Sao Paulo
Toronto
Washington, DC
Asia Pacific
Auckland
Beijing
Brisbane
Chongqing
Hong Kong
Kuala Lumpur
Melbourne
New Delhi
Perth
Shanghai
Singapore
Sydney
Ulaanbaatar
Middle East
Abu Dhabi
Doha
Dubai
Muscat
Riyadh
UK & Europe
Aberdeen
Bristol
Dublin
Dusseldorf
Edinburgh
Glasgow
Guildford
Hamburg
Leeds
London
Madrid
Manchester
Nantes
Newcastle
Paris
Expertise
Sectors
Services
Products
Sectors
Aviation
Education
Energy and Natural Resources
Healthcare
Hospitality
Infrastructure
Insurance & Reinsurance
Marine
Professional Practices
Retail & Consumer
Trade & Commodities
Services
Climate Change Risk Practice
Commercial
Corporate
Commercial Disputes
Cyber Risk
Data Protection & Privacy
Employment, Pensions & Immigration
Environmental Law
Finance
Global Recoveries
Insolvency & Reorganisation
International Arbitration
Intellectual Property
Projects & Construction
Real Estate
Regulatory & Investigations
Tax
Technology, Outsourcing & Data
Products
Climate Change
Clyde Code
Disputes Funding
Insights
Insights Overview
Belt & Road Initiative
Brexit
Resilience
Sanctions
Connected World Blog
About
About us
News
Awards
CSR
Media contacts
Careers
Events
Contact
Choose Region
Global
Global
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Middle East
UK & Europe
Choose Language
English
Français
Is your business prepared for climate change?
View our Climate Change Risk Practice
Close
Popular search terms
Click each term for related articles
Coronavirus Hub
Looking Glass Report
Climate Change
Disputes Funding
Clyde Code
Resilience
Training contract
Careers
Legal and privacy
Legal notices
This page contains the following legal notices:
Global legal structure and regulatory information
Terms and conditions for use of this website
Country specific requirements
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Tax Evasion Statement
UK Tax Strategy
SRA Transparency Rules
1. GLOBAL LEGAL STRUCTURE OF CLYDE & CO
Clyde & Co LLP and its subsidiaries and affiliates practise law under the trading name Clyde & Co.
Clyde & Co LLP
Clyde & Co LLP has its headquarters at its registered office, The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR, United Kingdom.
It also has branches in the following locations:
Bristol
Guildford
Leeds
Manchester
Newcastle
Paris
Nantes
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Doha (Qatar Financial Centre)
Clyde & Co LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with registered number OC326539 and is a law firm authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority of England and Wales ("SRA") under number 460690.  The term "partner" is used to refer to a member of Clyde & Co LLP or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications or an individual with equivalent status in one of Clyde & Co LLP's subsidiaries and affiliates.  A list of the members of Clyde & Co LLP and of the non-members who are designated as partners is open to inspection at its registered office at The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR, United Kingdom.  Members are either solicitors or registered foreign lawyers.
You can access the SRA's rules by clicking on the following link: http://www.sra.org.uk/code-of-conduct.page
The Qatar Financial Centre branch is licensed by the Qatar Financial Centre Authority.
Clyde & Co Claims LLP
Clyde & Co Claims LLP, a wholly owned subsidiary of Clyde & Co LLP, practises in Manchester, Oxford and London.  Clyde & Co Claims LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC344148 and is a law firm authorised and regulated by the SRA.  The term "partner" is used to refer to a member of Clyde & Co Claims LLP or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications.  A list of the members of Clyde & Co Claims LLP and of the non-members who are designated as partners is open to inspection at its registered office at The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR, United Kingdom.  Members are either solicitors or registered foreign lawyers.
Clyde & Co (Scotland) LLP
Clyde & Co (Scotland) LLP practises as Clyde & Co in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen and Dundee. It is a limited liability partnership registered in Scotland under number SO305618 and is authorised and regulated by the Law Society of Scotland. A list of members is available for inspection at its registered office Albany House, 58 Albany Street, Edinburgh, EH1 3QR. Clyde & Co (Scotland) LLP uses the word "partner" to refer to a member of the LLP, or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications.
Other practice locations
Practice information for other Clyde & Co locations is as follows:
Australia
In Australia Clyde & Co practises as an unincorporated legal practice Clyde & Co Australia trading as Clyde & Co, ABN 72 157 316 912 is regulated by the Law Society of New South Wales (NSW). Clyde & Co is in Sydney, Perth, Melbourne and Brisbane.
Brazil
Clyde & Co Sociedade de Consultores em Direito Estrangeiro/Direito Ingles is a representative office of Clyde & Co LLP registered as a Foreign Law Consultant Firm with the Brazilian Bar Association.
Canada
Clyde & Cie Canada S.E.N.C.R.L / LLP practises as Clyde & Co in Montreal and Toronto and is a limited liability partnership formed under the laws of Quebec.
China
The partnership of Clyde & Co Hong Kong practises as Clyde & Co in Hong Kong. Clyde & Co Hong Kong has representative offices in Shanghai and Beijing. Clyde & Co Hong Kong is regulated by the Law Society of Hong Kong. You can access the Society's rules by clicking on the following link http://www.hklawsoc.org.hk/
In addition, Clyde & Co Westlink is a joint law venture between Clyde & Co and Chongqing law firm Westlink Partnership. The joint law venture is licenced by the PRC Ministry of Justice/Chongqing Bureau of Justice.
Germany
Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP trades as Clyde & Co and is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC413029. Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP is registered in the partnership register of the Amtsgericht Essen under number PR 3857.
A list of members is available for inspection at its registered office The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London EC3A 7AR, United Kingdom, or at either of its German branch offices: Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP, Dreischeibenhaus 1, 40211 Dusseldorf and ABC Business Center, Esplanade 40, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP uses the word "partner" to refer to a member of the LLP. Partners: Rechtsanwalt Dr. Daniel Kassing, Rechtsanwalt Dr. Volker Luecke, Rechtsanwalt Dr. Henning Schaloske, Rechtsanwalt Dr. Tim Schommer, Rechtsanwältin Dr. Tanja Schramm, Rechtsanwalt Dr. Eckehard Volz, Solicitor (England & Wales) Daniel Jones.
Information pursuant to section 5 German Tele Media Act and the Regulation on Service Information Requirements:
All German lawyers at Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP are admitted within the Federal Republic of Germany to practise as lawyers (Rechtsanwalt) or are solicitors of the Senior Courts of England and Wales, and are members of the Dusseldorf Bar (Rechtsanwaltskammer Düsseldorf) or the Hamburg Bar (Hanseatische Rechtsanwaltskammer Hamburg).
Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP's tax identification number is 133/5705/2151.
Information on fee regulations and relevant professional bodies can be found at the following websites:
Professional chamber:
Federal Chamber of Lawyers (Bundesrechtsanwaltskammer, Littenstrasse 9, 10179 Berlin)
Overview of Professional Codes of Practice:
Federal Regulations for Lawyers (Bundesrechtsanwaltsordnung, BRAO)
Professional Rules for Lawyers (Berufsordnung für Rechtsanwälte, BORA)
Act on Lawyers' Fees (Rechtsanwaltsvergütungsgesetz, RVG)
Specialist Lawyers’ Regulations (Fachanwaltsordnung, FAO)
Charter of core principles of the European legal profession and Code of Conduct for European lawyers (Berufsregeln der Rechtsanwälte der Europäischen Union, CCBE-Berufsregeln)
Non-judicial dispute resolution procedures for Lawyers/Solicitors:
For client-lawyer disputes, the local chambers of lawyers (Rechtsanwaltskammer Düsseldorf, Freiligrathstrasse 25, 40479 Düsseldorf or Hanseatische Rechtsanwaltskammer Hamburg, Valentinskamp 88, 20355 Hamburg) or the Federal Chamber of Lawyers (Bundesrechtsanwaltskammer)  provide non-judicial dispute resolution procedures (see also sections 73 and 191f BRAO).
For assistance in relation to a dispute regarding online services to consumers, please refer to the EU Online Dispute Resolution website: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. In accordance with Section 36 of the VSBG legislation (Gesetz über die alternative Streitbeilegung in Verbrauchersachen), our German offices are neither obliged nor willing to participate in a dispute settlement before a consumer arbitration body.
For our English lawyers, the following relevant rules and regulations governing the professional conduct of solicitors admitted in England and Wales apply:
Law regulating the activity of European lawyers in Germany (Gesetz über die Tätigkeit europäischer Rechtsanwälte in Deutschland, EuRAG)
Solicitors' Code of Conduct 2011 (Overseas Practice Rules)
Solicitors' Financial Services (Conduct of Business) Rules 2001
Professional Indemnity Insurance:
Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP has professional indemnity insurance cover for its lawyers in Germany provided by MSIG Insurance Europe AG: An den Dominikanern 11-27 50668 Koeln, Germany. In addition, Clyde & Co (Deutschland) LLP is insured under Clyde & Co LLP's global insurance programme.
Greece
Clyde & Co (Greece) LLP practises as Clyde & Co in Piraeus and is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC326540.  Clyde & Co (Greece) LLP is authorised and regulated by the SRA. The term "partner" is used to refer to a member of Clyde & Co (Greece) LLP or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications.  A list of the members of Clyde & Co (Greece) LLP and of non-members who are designated as partners is open to inspection at its registered office at The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR, United Kingdom.  Members are either solicitors or registered foreign lawyers.
Mexico
Garza Tello y Asociados S.C practises as Garza Tello-Clyde & Co Mexico in Mexico City.  Garza Tello y Asociados S.C is a Sociedad Civil, incorporated in accordance with the laws of the United Mexican States and is duly registered in the Public Registry of Commerce of Mexico.
Republic of Ireland
Clyde & Co practises in the Republic of Ireland as Clyde & Co Ireland through Garrett Moore, who is qualified to practise in Ireland and in England and Wales and is also a partner of Clyde & Co LLP. Clyde & Co Ireland is authorised and regulated by the Law Society of Ireland.  Clyde & Co Ireland is based in Dublin at Pembroke House, 28-32 Upper Pembroke Street, Dublin 2.
Singapore
Clyde & Co Clasis Singapore Pte. Ltd. practises as Clyde & Co Clasis Singapore and is a Joint Law Venture between Clyde & Co LLP and Singapore law firm Clasis LLC.  Clyde & Co Clasis Singapore Pte. Ltd. is a limited liability company registered in Singapore under No. 201316191K and regulated by the Legal Services Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
South Africa
Clyde & Co Incorporated practises as Clyde & Co in Johannesburg and Cape Town and is a personal liability company incorporated in South Africa with registration number 2014/107150/21.
Spain
Clyde Abogados SLP practises as Clyde & Co in Madrid.  Clyde Abogados SLP is registered with the Madrid Companies Registry, page M-558971, Volume 31057, Folio 8. Tax identification No. B86709888.
Tanzania
Clyde & Co Tanzania practises as Clyde & Co in Dar es Salaam.  Clyde & Co Tanzania is a partnership between Clyde & Co (Tanzania) LLP and Kibuta Ongwamuhama of Ako Law, a Tanzanian law firm.
United States of America
Clyde & Co US LLP practises as Clyde & Co in Atlanta, Long Beach, Los Angeles, Miami, New Jersey, New York, San Francisco, Newport Beach, Washington D.C. and Chicago.  Clyde & Co US LLP is a limited liability partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Some of the contents of this website may constitute attorney advertising under the New York Rules of Professional Conduct. The following statement is made in accordance with those rules: ATTORNEY ADVERTISING. PRIOR RESULTS DO NOT GUARANTEE A SIMILAR OUTCOME.
Venezuela
Despacho de Abogados, miembros de la Firma Internacional de Abogados Clyde & Co practises as Clyde & Co in Caracas.  Despacho de Abogados, miembros de la Firma Internacional de Abogados Clyde & Co is a civil society of Venezuelan lawyers, domiciled in Caracas and registered at the Subordinate Registry for the First Circuit of the State of Miranda.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Clyde & Co LLP Lawyers and Legal Consultants practices as Clyde & Co in Riyadh. Clyde & Co LLP Lawyers and Legal Consultants is a company incorporated in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with commercial registration number 1010423954 and professional licence number 323/12/587.
Associations
Clyde & Co LLP also has association arrangements with local law firms in the following countries:
Chile: Grasty Quintana Majlis, Santiago
India:  CSL Chambers, New Delhi
Kenya: Kangwana & Co, Nairobi
Malaysia: Shaikh David & Co (SDC), Kuala Lumpur
Mongolia: MDS & Khan Lex LLP, Ulaanbaatar
New Zealand: Fee Langstone, Auckland
Oman: Fatma Al Mamari Advocacy and Legal Consultancy Firm, Muscat
Other regulatory information
Anti-money laundering
In the UK and other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are required to identify clients for the purpose of applicable anti-money laundering legislation. This means that when we first receive instructions from a client, we are required to identify both our client and (if applicable) the client’s beneficial owner(s) and to verify those identities.  We may therefore ask you to provide us with appropriate evidence of identity or other information, which we will retain. If satisfactory evidence or information is not provided within a reasonable time of our request we may have to stop acting for you.
Professional indemnity insurance
In England and Wales and in certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are required to have in place professional indemnity insurance.  Details of Clyde & Co LLP's compulsory professional indemnity insurance as required by the SRA in England & Wales is as follows. The insurers writing our compulsory cover are QBE Insurance (Europe) Limited of Plantation Place, 30 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BD and Travelers Insurance Designated Activity Company of 23-27 Alie Street, London, E1 8DS. This insurance covers Clyde & Co practice vehicles in England and Wales, and will extend to acts or omissions wherever in the world they occur.
UK – Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
Clyde & Co LLP, Clyde & Co Claims LLP and Clyde & Co (Scotland) LLP are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority of the UK to conduct regulated activities under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA).  However, Clyde & Co LLP, Clyde & Co Claims LLP and Clyde & Co (Scotland) LLP are included on the register of exempt professional firms maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority so that we can carry on insurance distribution activity, which is broadly the advising on, selling and administration of insurance contracts, as an ancillary insurance intermediary.  This part of our business, including arrangements for complaints or redress if something goes wrong, is regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority in England and Wales and the Law Society of Scotland in Scotland.  The register of exempt professional firms can be accessed via the Financial Conduct Authority website at www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register.
UK – Complaints
England & Wales
Clyde & Co is committed to providing the highest standard of service to its clients.   If however you have any queries or concerns, at any time, on any aspect of a matter (including a bill) then please do not hesitate to contact the Partner responsible for supervising your matter.  If this does not resolve the matter to your satisfaction, or you would prefer not to speak to the Partner supervising your matter, then please feel free to contact our General Counsel, who also acts as our Client Care Partner for England and Wales.  We will try to address any problem quickly and operate an internal complaints handling system to help us resolve the matter between ourselves.  Details of our procedure for handling complaints are available from our General Counsel on request.
If for any reason we are unable to resolve matters between us within eight weeks, you may be entitled to ask the Legal Ombudsman of England and Wales to investigate your complaint.  There are time limits for making such an application, generally within six months of our final written response to your complaint.  For further information, you should refer to the Legal Ombudsman website (www.legalombudsman.org.uk) or contact them by telephone (0300 555 0333), by email (enquiries@legalombudsman.org.uk), or by writing to: Legal Ombudsman, PO Box 6806, Wolverhampton, WV1 9WJ.  If your complaint is about your bill, you may also apply to the court for an assessment of the bill under Part III of the Solicitors’ Act 1974.  If all or part of a bill remains unpaid, we may be entitled to charge interest.
If you consider that we have breached an SRA Principle, please refer the matter directly to the SRA.
Scotland
If you are unhappy in the first instance please take this up with the person handling your case.  If you remain dissatisfied then matters should then be raised with the Partner supervising your matter.  Thereafter you have the opportunity to raise the matter in writing with our Client Care Partner for Scotland.  This will be handled in terms of our complaints protocol which has been submitted to the Law Society of Scotland and a copy of which is available upon request.  If you continue to remain dissatisfied then you may also take matters up with the Scottish Legal Complaints Commission (SLCC), The Stamp Office, 10-14 Waterloo Place, Edinburgh, EH1 3EH.  The SLCC operates within strict time limits and require complaints to be made within one year of the service ending or the conduct occurring.  In considering time limits, the SLCC has a discretion to disregard any period of time if it considers that the complainer was excusably unaware of the grounds of the complaint.  At any time, the SLCC will be able to provide information regarding the procedures for complaints against solicitors.  We would refer you to http://www.scottishlegalcomplaints.org.uk.
2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEBSITE
This website is owned by Clyde & Co LLP. You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only and in a manner which is consistent with any and all applicable law and regulation in the country in which you access this site.  Your use of this site should not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party.  You agree not to import or transfer to this site either directly or indirectly any information or other content which is or may be inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, obscene or offensive or in breach of any intellectual property right or similar right or damaging to the software or performance of this site.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, all rights, including copyright and database rights, in this site and its contents are owned by (or licensed to) us or otherwise used by us as permitted by applicable law.  You may access the contents of the site only for your own private use or internal use within your employer's organisation, but not for any commercial or public use.  You may download and use the service on a single CPU at a time and you can print out hard copies of any part of the content on the Site for your personal use or use within your employer's organisation.  Except where your use is permitted above or by copyright law, you may not otherwise copy, store in any medium (including any other web site), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify or show in public any part of this site without our prior written permission.
Links
Where we provide hypertext links to other web sites or contacts, we do so for information purposes only and such links do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by us of any products or services in such sites.  You use such links entirely at your own risk and we accept no responsibility for the content or use of such web sites or for the information contained on such sites (including any web site through which you may have gained access to our web site).  You may not link to this site, nor frame it without our written permission.
Website pages made before 1 May 2007
Before 1 May 2007, the law firm 'Clyde & Co' was a general partnership set up under English law with subsidiary undertakings.  Although this website includes documents produced before then, nothing in them means that Clyde & Co LLP or any limited liability affiliate is a general partnership or has unlimited liability.
Disclaimer
Although we take pride in this site, please note that the information posted on it is for  general information purposes only and, at times, may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate.  It does not claim to be comprehensive or provide legal or other advice.  Articles and other publications on this site are current as of their date of publication and do not necessarily reflect the present law or regulations.  For these reasons, we do not intend the information on or downloaded from this site to supplement or be a substitute for the expertise and judgement of your independent legal advisor.  Any reliance on this information is solely at your own risk. Accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude any liability or responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance upon information appearing on this site or arising from access to or use of information posted on or downloaded from this site.
Contacting Us
If you are in doubt as to the accuracy and currency of any information posted on or downloaded from this site, or if you require any further information, please contact us at sitemanager@clydeco.com
Severability
Should any part of these terms and conditions for any reason be declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion and such remaining portion shall remain in full force and effect as if the invalid portion of these terms and conditions had been eliminated.
Governing Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions and your use of this site are governed by English law.  Disputes arising out of these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
3. Country specific requirements
South Africa PAIA Manual
California Privacy Statement
UK COVID-19 Risk Assessment
UK COVID-19 Incident Procedure
4. Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
This slavery and human trafficking statement is made on behalf of Clyde & Co LLP, ("Clyde & Co"), pursuant to section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (the "Act") for the financial year ending on 30 April 2018.
View the full statement
5. Tax Evasion Statement
At the core of Clyde & Co.'s values is a commitment to upholding the rule of law and conducting business ethically and with integrity.
We recognise the importance of cultivating a positive culture of compliance and take a zero tolerance approach to tax evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion.
Our culture and approach is supported by an internal policy prohibiting tax evasion, or its facilitation, which is communicated and enforced throughout our firm.
View the full statement
6. UK Tax Strategy Statement
Clyde & Co LLP regards this strategy statement as complying with its duty under Schedule 19 to the Finance Act 2016. This statement applies to Clyde & Co LLP and all UK affiliated entities for the financial year ended 30 April 2019 and subsequent financial periods until it is superseded.
The statement covers our approach to conducting our UK tax affairs and dealing with UK tax uncertainties and risk.
View the full statement
7. SRA Transparency Rules
Download the full statement.
Legal notices
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
Modern slavery
Scam emails
Accessibility