http://www.evolvingdoor.ca/links/privacypolicy.htm
Home
Readings
REPORTS
Horoscopes
Zodiac Signs
Articles
Pegasus
Dictionary
Contact
Policies of this Website
Policies at Evolving Door Astrology
General Advertising Policies
The Evolving Door Astrology website contains some advertising, although my aim is to make it
relatively unobtrusive and inoffensive. I cannot always control which ads are displayed from third party advertisers through services like Google AdSense or Amazon.
However, if
you see an ad that you consider offensive or inappropriate, please
send me as much information as you can (the content of the ad, the
website being advertised, and the page on my website where you saw
it) and I will look into it.
This site does NOT use pop-up or pop-under
advertising, nor do I ever plan to. (I hate those things too!) The closest you'll find to popup advertising is
in some ads for Amazon.com, which may
display a small window of extra information about the item. These
preview windows will appear ONLY when you roll your mouse over the ad,
and will disappear when you move your mouse away from the ad.
If you ever see an actual popup ad on this site, please DO let me know! It's possible that one of my advertising sponsors is using some kind of code that does this
(when it shouldn't), or it can sometimes mean you have spyware on your
computer. Please make a note of the advertiser and the address
of the page in your browser address bar, if possible. Send this to me and I will look into it.
I also do not use advertising services that underline certain keywords on a page for the purpose of taking you to an advertiser's website (nor do I plan to use this kind of
service). In the text of
my horoscopes or articles, I do sometimes include links in the text that take you to products or services that I think will be of interest to my readers. However, these are hand-picked
by me and when this is an affiliate link it is served by an advertising system or service
(e.g. Amazon).
If advertising seriously offends you, you might wish to check out the
Firefox web browser, which can be set up with the ability to
suppress most third-party advertising. Please note that ads for my
own services on this site will still be visible.
Many external links on EvolvingDoor.ca will pop up in a new
browser window. These may include both commercial and non-commercial
websites that have been chosen by me because I think they might be
of interest.
To report any concerns or ask any questions about these advertising policies, please contact me here.
Commercial Affiliations
Updated: 8-Nov-2009
Evolving Door Astrology has a commercial affiliate relationship with the following
external websites and companies:
Google Adsense
Amazon.com (U.S.) and Amazon.ca (Canada)
TheFutureMinders.com
SiteSell.com ~ Solo Build It!
That means I may elect to promote services, products or
advertisements from these companies by providing a link to
their websites or by allowing them to display advertising
from third party websites. It also means that I may receive
payment or compensation of some kind from these companies in
exchange for promoting them.
I sometimes, but not always, have first hand experience
with the products or services that are promoted on my
website. As an example, I personally own and use the books I
promote about the Sabian Symbols in the
Low-Down on
the Far-Out, but I may or may not own or have read other
books or products that I might promote on that web page.
Nevertheless, I will not knowingly promote a product,
service, company or website that I consider to be of poor
quality, dishonest or merely exploitive. Products
and services
promoted on this website for which I do have first hand experience,
were paid for by me; they were not provided free of charge or at a
discount as a result of any commercial relationship, unless
otherwise noted.
Due to the nature of some advertising networks, I am not always in control of which products or services are
advertised on this website (examples are Google ads or Amazon ads).
However, if you should see any advertising on this website that you feel
is inappropriate, offensive or questionable in its integrity, please
contact me and tell me
the name of the website that is advertising,
the page in my website
where you saw
it, and any other information about it. Evolving Door
Astrology strives to present advertising for products and services
that are good quality, honest and relevant to our audience, and will
attempt to remove or block
anything that I regard as inappropriate, where possible.
Privacy Policies
Updated: 7-Apr-2009
When you visit EvolvingDoor.ca:
The privacy of our visitors at EvolvingDoor.ca is
very important to Evolving Door Astrology.
At EvolvingDoor.ca, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect
when you use visit EvolvingDoor.ca, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your
ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site
and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
We also use third party advertisements on EvolvingDoor.ca to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they
advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the
browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate
ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using
DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests
("interest based targeting").
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel
advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey.)
DART uses
"non personally identifiable information".
It does NOT track personal information
about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of
this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in some "Internet Security" programs
(used for anti-virus and firewall). However, this might affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
Please note that deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently
opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that
disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the
advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Many thanks to JenSense.com for sharing her AdSense Privacy Policy on which our Privacy Policy is based.
NEXT UPDATE:
SOLAR ECLIPSE NEW MOON IN SAGITTARIUS
Available by December 14, 2020.
Let us notify you of updates!
Subscribe now to our Newsletter.
(Your information is NEVER shared.)
When you subscribe to our Newsletter Mailing List:
We keep your email address and any other contact information you voluntarily provide in order to send you Newsletters and announcements, which are sent out on
average twice per month. Your contact information will NEVER be shared with others,
both while you are on our mailing list and even if you
decide to unsubscribe for any reason. We never sell or rent our
mailing list.
When you book a reading with me (Wendy Guy):
Anything we discuss related to your personal astrology reading
is treated as confidential. Your birth data and contact information
are never shared with others. Occasionally I might consult with a colleague
about your chart or your situation in order to enhance my understanding of your chart or situation, but I
will not reveal any identifying information about
you without your expressed permission.
I keep your birth data, my notes about your chart on file and any
digital files (e.g. the PDF file of your chart that you receive for your
reading) for at least 2 years after your last reading, so that I can
refresh my memory about your situation. These notes sometimes include
information about your situation to remind me about important aspects of
your life. I also keep the recording of your reading on file for at least 3 months after the
reading, in case you need a replacement of the recording or if I need to
refresh my memory about what we discussed in your last reading. These
files and notes are never shared with others unless you give me your
expressed permission. If you prefer me not to retain my notes or your recording files, please let me know. When my files are deleted
(on my computer) or disposed of (paper documents), they are
permanently erased or shredded.
If you have any questions or concerns about these policies, please
contact me here.
© 1996-2020 Wendy Guy, all rights reserved. The graphics, diagrams and articles on this site are
copyrighted by Wendy Guy, public domain, fair useage, used with permission and/or credited to the copyright owner.
Material on this site may be copied or printed off for strictly personal use.
To use this material online (e.g. forum, social media, blog, website)
or to print it off for distribution (e.g. classes), "fair usage" quotations may be
used (e.g. a couple/few paragraphs), provided you include credit to the author and a link back to this website. Beyond
strictly personal or fair usage, you may not copy or hotlink to content without written permission. Thank you! Please
contact us for usage permission or to report website errors. The information on this website is presented for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Space pictures courtesy of
NASA.
CSS Drop Down Menus on articles index page based on © 2009 PureCSSMenu.com.
This page last modified on
Contact Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Low-Down on the Far-Out ~ Planetary Transits
Timerange of Transits
Archives for Low-Down and Lunar Forecasts
Home
Introduction to Astrology
About Us
Policies & Terms of Service
Can't Update a Page?
Astrology Readings with Wendy
How to Choose an Astrologer
Astrology Reports
Daily Horoscopes
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Zodiac Sign Articles
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
What's My Zodiac Sign?
Are there 13 Zodiac Signs?
Astrology Dictionary
A
BC
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
PQ
R
Sa-Sh
Si-Sz
T
UV
WXYZ
Astrology Articles
Introduction to the Articles
Language of Astrology
Sun-Moon Cycles
Blue Moon Lunacy
Saturn Conjunct Pluto 2.0
Jupiter-Saturn-Pluto 2020
Turning Points: Prepare for 2020
Jupiter in Taurus
Jupiter-Chiron-Neptune
Jupiter-Pluto Conjunction
Saturn and Neptune
Saturn in Sagittarius
Saturn in Virgo
Chiron in Aries
Chiron in Pisces
Chiron: Healing the Split
Uranus in Aries: Personal
Uranus in Aries: Transpersonal
Uranus in Aquarius
Uranus Sextile Pluto
Pluto in Sagittarius
Fixed Star Regulus in Virgo
Taurus and Abundance
Grand Trine Kites
Tribute to Anne Toth
Cardinal Crossroads
What is the Cardinal Cross?
Cardinal Grand Cross 2014
Cardinal T-square Aug 2013
Cardinal Cross and You
Jupiter-Uranus / Saturn-Pluto
Mythology & Cardinal Cross
Retrograde Planets
Mercury Retrograde
Mercury Retrograde 2019
Venus Retrograde
Venus Retrograde 2015
Venus Retrograde 2010
Mars Retrograde
More about Mars Retrograde
Retrograde Shadow/Station
Astrological Venus
Venus in Mythology
Venus Ruler of Libra/Taurus
Venus and Love
Venus Retrograde
Astrology Humor: Pegasus!
The Myth of Chiron
Story of Hermes/Mercury
Pegasus, the Survey
Halloween Horror-Scopes
The Halloween Party
Our Solar System
Lightbulb Joke