http://www.lazaris.com/privacy
Sign In
Sign In Failed. Please check your username and password, then try again.
Email
Password
Sign in
Forgot Your Password?
Not registered?
Register
Concept: Synergy and The Lazaris Material Website
Privacy Notice
Scope and Consent
When you use the Site, you are contracting with Lazaris.com and Concept: Synergy, Inc, located at PO Box 1789, Sonoma, CA 95476.
Information We Collect
Registration and Account Information:
You can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information (e.g., name, email address, phone number, mobile
telephone number, and/or physical contact information) about yourself. If you register for an account with us (including through third-party
login credentials as described in 2 (c) below), you choose to give us your personal information and are not anonymous to us. When you register
an account, create a profile, purchase products or services, or otherwise engage with our Site, you may provide personal information. You may
also upload photographs for your account/profile. Personal information is only associated with your account/profile when you sign in as a registered
user.
Technical Usage Information:
When you visit our Site, we collect usage information sent to us by your computer, mobile, or other access device that tells us how you are
using the Site ("usage information"). We use tracking technologies (including cookies (including cookies stored in HTML-5), web beacons/GIFs,
embedded scripts, e-tags/cache browsers) to collect usage information.
We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information. During some visits we may
use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages
and page interaction information.
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand
your interests and improve your experience of using the Site.
Uses and Retention
(a) Operate Our Site:
We use the information collected to (i) respond to your requests (including career applications); (ii) provide customer service (e.g., to resolve
disputes, problems with your account/profile or the Site); (iii) personalize your experience by providing content on the Site, including targeted
advertising that we believe may be of most interest to you; (iv) improve the Site; (v) give you information about your account; and (vi) provide
you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience.
(b) Analyze and Aggregate Non-Personal Information:
We use aggregate information about our users and non-personal information to analyze Site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports.
(c) Prevent Fraud:
We use information from the Site to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities,
and enforce our Terms of Use.
(d) Communicate With You:
We use your information to contact you to maintain the Site, your account, your Application Account, to comply with your stated communication
preferences, to provide other services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, to send you marketing
communications, or contact you for other purposes authorized by law.
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. You consent to our retention of your video viewing tracking data
for as long as permissible under applicable law up to one year after you close your account or otherwise withdraw consent for video tracking.
Disclosure
Information collected on the Site by Lazaris.com and Concept: Synergy, Inc. is not shared with third parties,
sold or traded.
Information You Share on the Site
If you post information or content, such as by posting photos, commenting on content, or participating in online forums or communities, or
when you interact with our Site through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending upon your privacy settings, this information
may become public on the Internet. We cannot prevent or control further use of this information. You can control what data you share through
privacy settings available on some social media sites. Please refer to those third-party sites' privacy policies and terms of use to learn
more about their privacy practices, which we do not control.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
When you visit the Site, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies for a variety of purposes and to enhance your online experience, for
example, by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of our Site, for when you later return to the Site.
A few additional important things you should know about our use of tracking technologies (e.g., cookies, HTML-5 stored technologies):
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of tracking technologies.
We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e.g., cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on
your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking
technologies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Site. Refer to the help section of your browser,
browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling tracking technologies such as cookies.
With your prior consent as obtained through your use of this Site.
We encode and protect the tracking technologies that Lazaris.com and Concept: Synergy, Inc set, so that only we can interpret the information stored
in them.
We may target and track the videos you view on the Site. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site or third-party social
media for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law or until consent is withdrawn.
Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Personal Information
Registered members can review and change personal information at any time by accessing their accounts on the Site. You should promptly update your
personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law,
prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze, or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions
permitted by law. Likewise, if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration.
Third-Parties
Our Site may contain links to other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party
sites.
Security
We store and process your information on our servers located in the United States. We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security
measures to protect the security of your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. Some of
the safeguards we use are firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers and information access authorization controls.
It is your responsibility to make sure that your personal information is accurate and that your password(s) and account registration information
are secure and not shared with third-parties.
Children's Privacy
The Site is a general audience site and it is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via
our websites, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group.
International Transfer
As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal information may be processed
in the U.S. and elsewhere where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the
world, such as the European Union. If you create an account/profile, you consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of
your personal information and tracking technologies/cookies as described in this Privacy Policy.
Notification Regarding Updates
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information
by placing a notice on the Site. You should check the Site frequently for updates.
Contact Us
If your questions are not answered online, you may email us at ConceptSynergy@Lazaris.com.
The Lazaris Community
Over the decades, a thriving spiritual community has blossomed among many who work with Lazaris. Explore ways to become part of this love, healing and
belonging.
Explore
×
Please Agree To Our New Terms
Please agree to our new Terms and Conditions before continuing.
Prove you're not a robot
Agree and Continue
Cancel
×
You've been signed out
Please sign in again to continue.
Sign In Failed. Please check your username and password, then try again.
Email
Password
Sign in
Cancel