https://www.greenplanetfilms.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
CART0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
About GPFOur Mission Statement GPF Board & Team Closed Caption Quality | Certification Filmmaker Services
FilmsAll TitlesAll films in our collection GLOBALEnvironmental issues and their global impact. Includes initiatives to address and mitigate: analysis, identification and resolution.Biodiversity Climate Change | Global Warming
AIRThe necessary ingredient to human life and man’s interaction with it.Pollution
HUMANPerspective from various cultures, traditions, crafts and human society on the Earth, its inhabitants and environment.Animal Rights Eco Activist Films Eco Economics Ecosystem Restoration Energy Enviro Injustice Hiking | Biking | Kayaking Indigenous People Mindful Stewardship Recycling & Waste Sustainable Communities | Building Urban Sprawl
LANDThoughtful views of the resource that most defines man, and his stewardship of it.Deforestation Food and Agriculture Parks | Reserves
WATERA closer look at the dominant environment of the planet and man’s relationship with it.Oceans | Fish Water Issues Wetlands | Rivers
WILDLIFEAn appreciative look at man’s other neighbours that share this living planet.Birds Endangered Species
K-12School / Family Films for ages 5-18Children Curiosity Quest
STREAMINGAbout Streaming Free Streaming
CommunityAbout Community Screenings Film Packages
SupportHow to Order Support Mailing List FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Use My Account
DonateDonate Donors
Contact Merch NOW PRODUCING: Fatberg Animated Short Film
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Please take a minute to read the following policy so you understand how we use the personal information we ask you to submit. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. If you use any of Green Planet Films services, you agree to these terms.
Background
When you register to purchase products at Green Planet Films, we ask you for personal information. We only use this information to process your orders and to communicate with you about the status of your orders. We may also use your email address to send you a Green Planet Films newsletter. If you do not wish to receive newsletters or our monthly promotions simply login to your account and uncheck the newsletter box or do not select it when first registering.
Collection and Use of Information
When you place an order for a Green Planet Films service, we ask you for your full name, physical address, telephone number and credit card number so we can ship your order. We use your telephone number only if there is an order-related issue, not for marketing purposes. Our server stores your contact information so that placing future orders will be quicker and easier. If you want to update your address or change other details, go to ‘your account’ and make the appropriate changes. You must be signed in to access your account.
Green Planet Films may also offer an Affiliate program, and in such cases affiliate members direct customers to Green Planet Films through links on their websites. We ask affiliates for their site name (URL), mailing address, primary contact, pay-to address, technical contact, and other site-related information to determine whether a site will be included in our Affiliate Network. The information collected from our affiliates is used strictly for that program; none of this information is used for general marketing purposes.
Green Planet Films users should not post personal information on any review page, as this information is made public. Pseudonyms can be used for such postings.
Email Options
When registering for Green Planet Films, you can choose whether you wish to receive your newsletters and updates. You can uncheck the newsletter box at registration if you do not wish to receive company updates or new film alerts.
Viewing and Updating Your Information on Green Planet Films
You can always access the personal information you have provided to Green Planet Films by going to Your Account. You can make changes to this information to update your account anytime.
Cookies
As you browse the Green Planet Films site, cookies are placed on your computer’s hard drive. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive.) Cookies allow us to track the items you select, and help us match your address and credit card information with your order so you don’t need to retype the information each time you visit our site.
We also use cookies to gather usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our site and its various pages. Third parties may serve some of these cookies. We analyze this data to determine which parts of our site customers like and which parts need improvement. Automatically logged information is also used to analyze trends and to administer the site.
Disclosure
Except as described in this section, we will not sell, rent or disclose your personally identifying information to third parties without notifying you of our intent to share the information and provide to you an opportunity to prevent your information from being shared.
We occasionally use other companies, agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our operations. For example, we have partnered with other companies to personalize our webpages, process credit card transactions, analyze customers’ interaction with our sit, and process consumer surveys. We also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office for delivery purposes. In the course of providing such services, these companies may have contact with your personally identifying information. By contractual agreement, these companies must treat your information in accordance with this Policy. We will not be liable for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies.
Any exceptions to this policy of sharing your name, address or email address with a partner company will be done only with your permission. Green Planet Films also reserves the right to disclose information when required by law.
Customers should check back for updates to this policy. Green Planet Films will obtain email consent from any user if the company is going to be using the information collected in a manner different from that stated when the user registered.
Security and Access
For transmitting your personal information to us, we use a secure server (SSL), which encrypts all of your personal information. This encryption process ensures that the information you give us is protected against unauthorized access.
You can access your account on the site to update and correct your name, email address, password, postal address, credit cards, and mailing list preferences. Please note that you must be signed in to Green Planet Films to access this information.
We have implemented technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. While we make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Contact
If you have questions concerning your account or this privacy policy, please contact Customer Service at service@greenplanetfilms.org.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Pin itShare on Pinterest
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Cart
Search for:
Search
Green Planet Films announces our new documentary in development called ‘FATBERG! The Rise of the Unflushables’Earth Day or Any Day TshirtDefinitely Documentaries Long Sleeve T-shirtFilm Director T-shirtObscure Films Head Librarian 15 oz Mug $5.99 a month, requires Amazon Prime, USA only.
Our VHX channel is also $5.99 a month, accessible worldwide.
Learn about new films!
Email Address:
Email & Social Media Marketing by VerticalResponse
Go to Top