http://www.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com/privacy-policy
0
Privacy Policydate of last revision: 24 May 2018 PrivacyThe North London Buddhist Centre takes the issue of your online privacy seriously. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy that are not addressed here, please contact as below:by post or in person:Secretary to the TrusteesNorth London Buddhist Centre,72 Holloway Road
London N7 8JGtelephone:0207 700 1177
If we can't answer your call do leave a message and we will get back to you as soon as we can.email:contact the Centre Office
www.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com collects information you provide such as name, contact details and email address for which you gave your consent when you signed up to receive emails from us. You are not required to provide this information except when booking a course or workshop, or making any other online purchase. We use your contact details so that we can contact you in case of issues with changes to classes, payment and similar circumstances and to send you our newsletter if you sign up for that. We use your banking details to process donations you have made us and to send you a receipt for such donations. We also use your personal data to claim giftaid on your donations, if applicable.www.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com also collects information about your use of our website including IP address, how much time you spend on the site and what you like to view, from both registered users and general visitors to the site. This data is used solely to manage the website, track usage and improve our website services. This information does not identify the user personally and may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services, for example with google analytics.We keep your data until you inform us that you no longer wish to receive news from us.Information collection and use
E mail opt in/opt outWe may use your email address to send periodic email newsletters regarding our classes,events, centre happenings and sangha community news. However, we will only do so if you have given us your permission. If you change your mind at a later date simply reply to the email asking to unsubscribe, or contact the Centre Office
linkswww.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com contains links to other Triratna websites which you may find useful or of interest. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, the user should satisfy themselves as to the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on our site.
Correcting, updating or removing personal informationAnybody attending events at the North London Buddhist Centre may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by contacting the centre directly using the contact details shown above and on the contact us page of this site. You can also request that we give you a copy of the data we hold on you in a machine-readable format.
Sharing and disclosure of information we collectWe will never sell or trade your personal data or disclose your personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary:To conform to legal requirementsTo protect our rightsTo protect the safety of members of the public or those attending the Buddhist CentreThe Dharmachakra servers that hosts all EU Triratna websites are located in the UK. All non-EU Dharmachakra websites are located on a server in the US; and the Google cloud account has legally adequate Sae Harbour provisions in relation to EU data laws.
Use of Cookieswww.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com uses cookies to record session information to enable the booking section of the site to function. We also set cookies for use by google analytics to provide us with anonymous usage information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information. Each browser is different, so check the help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, you will need to enable cookies from www.northlondonbuddhistcentre.com in order to use some functions on the site.