http://www.dhanakosa.com/privacy-and-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
privacy
Privacy Notice
Dhanakosa Trust
Dhanakosa
Balquhidder
Lochearnhead
FK19 8PQ
01877 384 213
info@dhanakosa.com
SC032776
Chairman of Trustees: Amoghavira
Centre Director: Nayaka
At Dhanakosa we respect your privacy and understand how important it is that your personal information remains secure.
What information does Dhanakosa collect about me?
In order to complete a retreat booking we ask for the following information:
Name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Gender
Restricted diet information
Information about any physical, emotional or mental health issues which could affect your participation in the retreat
We need this information in order to communicate with you about your booking and to help with room allocation. We do not collect sensitive information about you unless there is a clear reason for doing so, such as ensuring we meet specific needs you may have. The information you disclose in relation to your booking is held on our database to assist with your current booking and any future bookings. Building up historic information on the retreats you have attended helps us fulfil our duty of care to you and make your stay more enjoyable.
If you are booking a Going Deeper or Regulars retreat then we may contact you to ask about your previous meditation and retreat experience. We need this information to make sure the level of retreat is suitable for you.
On arrival we will ask for you for the contact details for someone we can get in touch with in the event of an emergency. We need this information to ensure that we can fulfil our duty of care to you. This information is recorded in paper form and is securely disposed of at the end of the retreat.
If you choose to make a donation for your retreat and are eligible for Gift Aid we will ask for your name and address on a Gift Aid declaration. This information is stored securely in paper form. We need this information for financial auditing purposes.  We will also retrain any information about how much you give us.  This helps with audit, financial management and to maintain an appropriate and proportional approach to future fundraising.
You can request that we give you a copy of the data we hold about you, please contact the office.
Who at Dhanakosa has access to my data?
The information we store on our booking system is accessed by our Office Team. The information you provide regarding your previous retreat experience and any other needs is accessed by the Office Team and retreat leaders.
Other members of the team may retrieve information from the booking system as part of their duties, for example to access restricted diet information or in the event of an emergency when next-of-kin contact details may be needed.
All of our staff team, retreat leaders and volunteers are aware of the importance of confidentiality and your right to privacy, and receive appropriate training on this issue.
How do you use my information to keep me up-to-date with Dhanakosa's news and activities?
When you book a retreat at Dhanakosa you have the opportunity to join a shared community of interest about Dhanakosa and our activities. We keep in touch with people via a monthly email news bulletin, bi-annual printed newsletter and annual printed programme.
When you first book a retreat with us you will be asked if you are happy to receive these. You can change your contact details or unsubscribe at any time by contacting the office. If you opt out of receiving our communications at any point, we will record this request on our database. This will ensure that you do not receive any further communications from us, unless in relation to any retreat bookings or donations.
Do you ever share my information with third parties?
We do not sell or trade your information with any third parties. The only external provider we work with is Mailchimp who distribute our email newsletter, you can view their privacy policy here (link to https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)
We will not disclose your personal information to any other third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary to conform to legal requirements, to protect our rights or to protect the safety of members of the public or those attending Dhanakosa.
We hope that this statement answers any questions you may have regarding our care of your information but if you have any further questions please contact us at the contact details above
If you would like to change your contact preferences please call the office (01877384213) or send us an email at info@dhanakosa.com
Cookies
Our site employs cookies from Google Analytics, which helps us keep track of how many people visit our site and what pages they use. It’s completely anonymous (we never track your activity anywhere else on the web!) and any data relating to your time on our site is only retained in the form of general statistics (eg. 500 people visited a certain page with a picture gallery on it). This allows us to develop the site in line with the community’s use and needs.
When we host content on external sites (eg. YouTube, Vimeo), it’s possible that some of them may employ cookies when you access that content via our site. We can’t control this, but we don’t allow external sites any access to any of your personal account data or to track your web use generally via our site.
Logging into our site means that you have read this policy and are happy with our use of cookies.
Copyright © Dhanakosa
Privacy
Confidentiality
Concerns
The Dhanakosa Trust, Scottish Charity No. SCO32776