http://www.saddlebackchapel.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Our History
Our Staff
Our Philosophy
Our Facilities
Preferred Vendor List
Contact Us
Obituaries
Obituary Listing
Our Services
Funeral Services
What is a Funeral?
Traditional Funeral Services
Burial Services
Funeral FAQ
Cremation Services
Cremation Information
The Cremation Process
Cremation Options
Cremation FAQ
Specialty Funeral Services
Veteran Funeral Services
Ash Scattering Services
Funeral Planning
Pre-Planning
Pre-Planning Checklist
Merchandise
Prices
Funeral Arrangement Forms
Grief & Guidance
Grief
Grief Support
Guidance
Eulogies & Obituaries
FAQ
Video Resources
Social Security Benefits
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At our funeral home, we understand that the privacy of our visitors and the knowledge of our use of information collected from each visitor is important in our activities. Please feel free to read our privacy policy and we encourage you to contact our firm about any of the information located below if you need further assistance.Contact Information: Saddleback Chapel Mortuary220 E Main StreetTustin CA US92790 Phone: 714-544-1450 Email Address:  spitram@saddleback.com
Your IP Address We collect the IP Address and Domain Name that is used when surfing our web site. We use this information for Site Traffic Statistics and analysis. We also receive your IP Address when you complete a search or purchase on our site in order to help our firm better recognize what is being searched by our visitors. All IP Addresses and Domain Names are kept with the utmost confidentiality. Use of Cookies A cookie is used by our funeral home only when there is persistent data that is required to use the Web Site, ie. Administration Mode, and when an E-Commerce order form is being completed. For general viewing of pages, there is no use of cookies.When a user wishes to purchase product(s) they will be asked to complete an online form. When a user completes a section of the form and clicks on the "Next" button, not only does the form progress to the Next page but a cookie is created on the visitor's computer with the information that they just completed. The purpose of the shopping basket cookie is to remember your information so that if you leave or get disconnected and come back to the order form our server will be able to complete the sections of the order form for you including product selected. E-Commerce Module To ensure that all data remains private and secure, we exclusively use secure network connections. These secure network connections are the only way that credit card and other personal information is handled. Any and all sensitive authorization data, including but not limited to credit card information is never stored by FrontRunner Professional, any employee therein or FrontRunner Professional. All payment details are securely transmitted by third party processors on secure networks connections. If you have any questions please contact accountingdept@frontrunner360.com. Questions & Comments If you have questions, comments or concerns with either the way we use the information that is collected from your web browser or our privacy policy, please feel free to contact our firm.
New Paragraph
Phone: 714-544-1450Saddleback Chapel Mortuary
220 E Main StreetTustin
CA
92780Fax: 714-544-0602info@saddlebackchapel.com
FD#1099
Phone:
949-837-8403Saddleback Funeral Alternatives21098 Bake Parkway Suite 104BLake Forest, CA 92630FD #1750
Contact Us Anytime
Name:
Phone:
Email:
Message:
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later.
Follow Us
Admin
| Obittree
|
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
|
Sitemap |Powered by FrontRunner Professional
Share by: