http://www.cfwnc.org/privacy-policy
Affiliate Funds
Women for Women
Donor Central
Donate Now
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CFWNC Website Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy online. When you visit our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, make a donation, recommend a grant or any other similar activity we collect personal information from you such as your name and email address. This site has security measures in place to protect this information from loss or misuse. Our site uses the Google Analytics web analytics service. Information recorded by Analytics includes information such as how you arrived at our site (including the URL you came from, if you arrived from another site), your network name, your browser type, type of device you are using, the country, state and city where your server is located, and the pages that were viewed during your visit to our site.Our site uses two specific Google Analytics features: Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features generate information about a user’s age, gender and interests from Google’s Interest-based advertising or third-party audience data to improve services on this website. This information is tracked using Google’s DoubleClick cookie.We do not and will not merge any personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected unless you have been given notice of and have given prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent to that merger. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy. To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.CFWNC utilizes Network for Good to securely process online credit card payments. For information about how Network for Good may collect and use information you can review their Privacy Policy. CFWNC utilizes Donor Central by Blackbaud to allow fundholders to manage their Donor Advised Funds. For information about how Blackbaud may collect and use information you can review their Privacy Policy.We do not sell or rent personal information to others. We use your information only for the limited purposes of sending updates and information, processing transactions, enhancing site operation, compiling statistics, and for overall systems administration. There may be times when it is necessary for CFWNC’s business operations to share your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or services, for example database management. Should we need to share your information for these purposes an agreement to keep your information confidential will be established before it is shared. To ask questions about this privacy policy you can email info@cfwnc.org or call 828.254.4960.