http://www.christiancentury.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
It is important to the Christian Century that visitors to our site understand what information we gather about them, how we use it, and how we work to protect it. By using our website, and/or signing up for services such as a subscription or our email newsletters, you consent to information practices outlined in our Privacy Policy. For magazine subscribers Personally identifiable information (data about you) is collected when you subscribe through the web pages available via our site. These web pages are hosted for the Christian Century by our Circulation Service Provider, Cambey & West Inc. This personally identifiable information includes your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number that you provided. You will have also provided a credit card to pay for your subscription, and while needed for processing your payment, the card number is not stored. Instead the transaction ID received back from the card processor is stored. All of the personally identifiable information data is stored within the Cambey & West system, which has been tested and verified to be PCI compliant as a Level 1 Service Provider by an independent agency. This is a thorough and rigorous testing of the security, proving the inability to penetrate and acquire any data stored within it. When you submitted a subscription form via our site, you entered into an agreement with us to provide you the subscription you requested in exchange for personally identifiable information and the subscription fees. From time to time we make our magazine subscribers' names and postal addresses available to reputable companies whose products or services we think may be of interest. If you want us to exclude your name from these mailings, please call us at 1-800-208-4097 or send a letter to the Christian Century, P.O. Box 429, Congers, New York 10920-0429, asking us not to release your name to third parties (include your address label if possible). Please allow 12 weeks for your request to take effect. For website users Information collection We track how our visitors use this site so that we can see what people like and don't like. We also analyze and aggregate information about use patterns and share the aggregated data with our advertisers (for example, we keep track of how many users see and click on particular advertisements). We may also collect personal information about you via registration for newsletters, commenting, donations, subscriptions, and other areas. Where you have an opportunity to supply information about yourself you may choose not to provide requested information, but in such cases you may not be able to use certain functions on this website. We will not release your email address to anyone outside ChristianCentury.org without your consent, unless we are under a legal order to do so, or there is an emergency involving danger to a person or property. If you chose to provide your personally identifiable information for the purposes of a third-party contest, survey, or newsletter, your consent shall be deemed to be given for the release of your personally identifiable information with regard to that third party only, in addition to ChristianCentury.org. Only authorized Christian Century employees or consultants are allowed access to personal information about you. Any employee or consultant who violates our privacy and security policies is subject to disciplinary action. We occasionally have service contractors, third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf, including but not limited to credit card processing and website hosting. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the data. They are restricted from using or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to ChristianCentury.org. In addition, we may always share, disclose, and transfer all information, postings, and any and all other personal and non-personal information we have collected to a successor entity in the case of the sale of the assets of the Christian Century, corporate reorganization, merger, change in control, or other similar transaction. Remember that any information you share in public areas, such as the ChristianCentury.org comments area, becomes public—and therefore this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. We encourage visitors to ChristianCentury.org to be cautious about what they disclose and to avoid posting any personal information that they expect to keep private. Personally identifiable information is information that can be used to contact you or determine your specific identity. If other information is linked to this information, it also becomes personally identifiable information. Use and disclosure of anonymous information Anonymous Information is any information other than personally identifiable information, including aggregate information derived from personally identifiable information. ChristianCentury.org may use this information: To improve the ChristianCentury.org website and service, to monitor traffic and general usage patterns, and for other general business purposes To inform publishers as to what content is appealing to readers, to inform advertisers of the usage habits or characteristics of the interested audience, and to advise potential donors so that they may better understand ChristianCentury.org’s user base. Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's servers and stored on your computer. Each website can send its own cookies to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) most browsers only permit a website to access the cookies that the same website has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. ChristianCentury.org may use cookies to identify you as a repeat visitor or customer of the website, to maintain session information for logged-in users, and to track usage trends and patterns in order to better understand and improve areas of our website. ChristianCentury.org has no control over whether and how our advertisers use cookies that originate from their website. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but you may not be able to take full advantage of our site's features. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. All computers and servers on the internet use IP addresses to recognize and communicate with each other. We collect IP addresses to administer and analyze our site and report aggregate, non-personal information (such as how many visitors we have). When you call up our site on your computer, our servers enter the IP address of that computer into a log. To maintain our users' anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. We do not and cannot use cookies or IP address tracking to retrieve personal information from your computer. Security ChristianCentury.org employs a number of security methods designed to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We are not liable for the illegal acts of any third party. Links to other sites ChristianCentury.org provides links and pointers to Web sites maintained by other organizations. ChristianCentury.org provides these links as a convenience to users, but it does not operate or control such sites. ChristianCentury.org also disclaims any responsibility for the information on those sites and any products or services offered there, and cannot vouch for the privacy policies of such sites. ChristianCentury.org does not make any warranties or representations that any linked sites, or this site, will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer. Opt out If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Children ChristianCentury.org is not directed to children (persons under the age of 13), and we do not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personally identifiable information from children. If you believe that we have received information from a person under 13, please contact us by email or in writing at the Christian Century, 104 S. Michigan Avenue, Suite #1100, Chicago, Ill., 60603, and we will take appropriate action. Changes to this privacy policy ChristianCentury.org may change its privacy policy from time to time. If we make any changes regarding disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties, we will post notice of the new policy on our home page. Disclaimers and limitations of liability ALTHOUGH WE TAKE REASONABLE STEPS TO PREVENT THE INTRODUCTION OF VIRUSES, WORMS, OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE MATERIALS AND PROGRAMS TO OUR SITE, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT OUR SITE OR MATERIALS THAT MAY BE DOWNLOADED FROM OUR SITE ARE FREE FROM SUCH DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR HARM ATTRIBUTABLE TO SUCH FEATURES. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS, OR INJURY BASED ON ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN OUR SITE, NOR FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS, OR INJURY THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR YOUR BREACH OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT. Questions If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or our use of your information, please contact us by email or in writing at the Christian Century, 104 S. Michigan Avenue, Suite #1100, Chicago, Ill., 60603.
WANT TO READ MORE?
You've reached your article limit.
Become a Subscriber
or
Log In