https://www.accesstolaw.com/legal-subject-areas/surveillanceinvestigatory-powers/
Home · Legal Subject Areas · Surveillance/Investigatory Powers (6 sites)
This section of the GOV.UK site contains publications from various departments on aspects of the UK government’s counter-terrorism policies and procedures.
The Investigatory Powers Commissioner’s Office (IPCO) was established on 1 September 2017 to provide independent regulation and oversight of the use of investigatory powers by intelligence agencies, police forces and other public authorities. It replaced the Intelligence Services Commissioner, the Interception of Communications Commissioner’s Office and the Office of Surveillance Commissioners. Content on the IPCO site includes information on its function and responsibilities and annual reports (including those of its three precursor bodies).
The Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT) was established under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000. It investigates and determines complaints of unlawful use of covert techniques by public authorities (such as interception, surveillance and property interference) infringing the right to privacy and claims against intelligence or law enforcement agency conduct which breaches a wider range of human rights. Besides information and forms relating to the complaint procedure, and the texts of IPT rulings and judgments, the web site provides links to relevant legislation and codes of practice.
Privacy International, an independent non-governmental organisation based in London, was founded in 1990 to protect personal privacy. Resources on its web site have an emphasis on surveillance matters and data protection and include reports, analysis and news items. Within the Legal Work section (under “What We Do”) there is information on the legal action Privacy International has taken against governments and companies. Some of these have related documents available.
The Security Service, familiarly known as MI5, is responsible for protecting the UK against covertly organised threats to national security. The “How we work” section provides information on ministerial, parliamentary and judicial oversight of the Service, with links to relevant legislation. There is also a “News” section that contains press releases and speeches.
The Undercover Policing Inquiry is an independent public inquiry into the conduct of undercover policing in England and Wales since 1968. It was established by the Home Secretary on 12 March 2015, chaired initially by Sir Christopher Pitchford and since 25 July 2017 by Sir John Mitting. Content on its official site includes contact details, terms of reference, FAQs, transcripts of hearings, updates, directions, rulings and orders.
Home
About This Site
Legal Notice
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Current Awareness Blog
© The Inner Temple Library 2020