http://www.philafound.org/privacy/
PRIVACY
POLICY
Home
|
Privacy
Privacy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
The Philadelphia Foundation is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information collected through our website www.philafound.org. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect From Everyone Who Visits Our Website
Our website automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (which may be considered personally identifiable information in some jurisdictions) browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. We use logs for a number of other reasons such as tracking how and when pages of our website are visited and by how many people.  Your information is aggregated with other visitors to our website so we can analyze trends, improve our website and to gather information about our users as a group.
Like most other websites, our website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file saved on your hard disk for record keeping purposes.  Cookies cannot carry viruses or install malware.  You may be able to configure your browser to manage how it deals with cookies.  Except as described below, we only use session cookies, meaning the cookie keeps track of your current visit to our website, but the information is not kept after you close your browser.
We use Google® Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion Tracker, and other Google services that place cookies on your computer.  These cookies help us increase our website’s effectiveness for our visitors.  These cookies are set and read by Google.  To opt out of Google tracking, please visit the following website. http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.  If you are concerned about third-party cookies placed on your computer, we recommend visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Information We Collect From Fund Holders
When you work with our Philanthropic Services Department to establish a fund, you provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, home or work address, telephone numbers and demographic information such as age, gender, interests and preferences.  We enter some of this information into the website to setup your donor central account.  We also track your use of your donor central account and your updates to your donor central account information.
Information We Collect From Donors
If you make a donation, you provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, address, telephone numbers, donation amount and designated fund recipient. You can also provide alternate data to be recorded in our donation records as well as designate the donation as in memory of or in honor of someone.  We store this information in our database and we may enter some of this information into Constant Contact, Inc.’s subscription service, which we use to manage our email subscriptions.  We are not responsible for Constant Contact’s privacy statements or use of your personally identifiable data.  Constant Contact’s privacy statement is available at http://ui.constantcontact.com/roving/CCPrivacyPolicy.jsp.
Although you enter your credit card information, we do not permanently store or process this information.  We outsource our credit card processing to PayPal using PayPal API.  We are not responsible for PayPal’s privacy statements or use of your personally identifiable information.  PayPal’s privacy statement is available at https://cms.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Privacy_full&locale.x=en_US.
Information We Collect From Email News Subscribers
If you subscribe to our email news, we collect your email address and your choice of the type of email news you want to receive. Although it is not required, you can provide us with your name, address, company and phone number during the subscription process.  We manage our emails subscriptions using the services of Constant Contact, Inc.  We are not responsible for Constant Contact’s privacy statements or use of your personally identifiable data.  Constant Contact’s privacy statement is available at http://ui.constantcontact.com/roving/CCPrivacyPolicy.jsp.
Information We Collect From Those Contacting Us.
If you ask us to contact you by submitting a request through the website, we collect your name, email address, address, phone number and comments.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists to third-parties. However, if you direct a donation to a particular fund, we share your personally identifiable information with the fund holder.
We may use your personally identifiable information to contact you to respond to your inquiry, conduct surveys or ask about your opinion of current services or provide information about services that may be offered to you.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personally identifiable information (name, email, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third-party.  In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third-parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We may share the personal information we collect in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.  We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal or administrative process served on us.
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your personally identifiable information with third-parties.
You Can Opt-Out of Receiving Certain Emails from Us
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes.  If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters or other materials, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at info@philafound.org.
We do not provide the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used to send you donation receipts or notices the law requires us to send to you.
Our FaceBook Page, YouTube Channel and Other Third-Party Websites
We are actively involved in social media.  To name a few of our social media platforms, we have a FaceBook page, Linkedin profile, and a YouTube Channel. We also use Razoo.com to help funds solicit donations.  Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through these services, this information may be collected and used by others.
We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of The Philadelphia Foundation and The Philadelphia Foundation family of websites.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites so you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
How We Secure Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us.  When any information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.  We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can send email us at info@philafound.org.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to the website, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here.
How to Contact Us
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that The Philadelphia Foundation has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@philafound.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
©2020. The Philadelphia Foundation.All Rights Reserved.
Privacy |
Terms of Use |
Disclaimer