https://www.mareandfoal.org/why-we-need-your-help/
Why we need your helpThe Mare and Foal Sanctuary was founded in 1988 by Rosemary Kind, who has rescued and looked after horses and ponies all her life. In 1992 the Sanctuary became a registered charity and we have since rescued nearly 1,000 foals, ponies and horses in the South West.  The Sanctuary’s aims are to rescue neglected, unwanted or abused horses and rehabilitate, train and eventually rehome them into loving, knowledgeable environments. We focus on educating people on the care and welfare of these beautiful creatures too, who as sentient beings, deserve our compassion and kindness.We currently have 675 horses and ponies in our care with 223 living at our six sanctuaries in Devon and 452 in loan homes.We need your help to care for horses like AvaThe tiny foal was just a few weeks old when she was found alone and terrified near the village of Lee Moor and it became a race against time to keep her alive.Worried residents near Lee Moor had phoned another local charity, but with a yard full to capacity, they called us – knowing that at our top veterinary centre, Beech Trees, Ava stood the best chance of survival. They suspected her Mum had died colic, so Ava was left to fend for herself. She was dangerously underweight, weighing only 54 kilos when she arrived, and had been without milk for many days. When our vets first did a check up, they noticed symptoms of pneumonia, breathing issues, stomach and liver problems. We knew we had to act quickly.  Our dedicated grooms worked 24 hours a day to make sure that Ava was safe and comfortable. Whilst our vets gave her the medication, routine and feeds she desperately needed. At such a young age we had no idea whether she would improve, but we continued to give her the best love and care that we could.  Her blood tests continued to show irregularities and for months our team went through an emotional roller coaster as we watched Ava battle her illnesses. Feeds every two hours, chest x–rays and bloods were made better for Ava with the company of a giant toy bear, affectionately named Ted.  For nearly three months, every hour of every day was dedicated to making sure Ava was ok and hoping that she pulled through. She still has a way to go with her recovery but she is a fighter and she is now safe in our care for the rest of her life. The good news is that she now weighs a very healthy 116kg – more than twice her arrival weight – and is growing daily. Our vets, although still keeping a very close eye on her, are happy for her to be out in the field with friend Bambola and they have been settling in well together.  We have been given the opportunity to prepare a future full of love for Ava, something that we didn’t think was going to be possible. That’s down to the amazing support of people like you.   Donate now Volunteer with us
Fundraise for us Why we need your helpDonate nowVolunteer with usLegacies and memorial giftsTrusts and FoundationsFundraise for UsShop
Join our mailing list
You can call our supporter services team on 01626 882 660 to change your contact preferences.
Read our Privacy NoticeRead our Cookie NoticeRead our Complaints PolicyRiding School Licence
© The Mare and Foal Sanctuary. Head Office: Honeysuckle Farm, Buckland Road, Newton Abbot, Devon, TQ12 4SA - 01626 355969 Registered Charity: #1141831 VAT No: 785762770 Donate This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can read our cookie policy here.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Keep up to date! We would love to keep you updated about all of the amazing work that is happening here at the Sanctuary, including our latest news, activities and appeals.Join our mailing list
X