http://www.fews.net/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
This section of the page explains how Famine Early Warning System Network (FEWS NET) will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information, such as country information or information about one of our activities:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or iowa.edu if you are connecting from the University of Iowa's domain); the date and time you access our site, the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site; and what information you view while you visit our web site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, find out what information is the most viewed, and to help us make our web site more useful to visitors. This gathering and storing of information is separate from the activity described as monitoring in our Security Notice.
The information gathered is used for two purposes: site management and, in the case of suspected unauthorized activity, for law enforcement and possible criminal prosecution (see Security Notice).
If you identify yourself by sending us a comment using our contact page or an E-mail:
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message asking a question or providing us with a comment or suggestion. We use personally-identifying information to respond to your comment or suggestion, and to count the number of people sending us comments. In certain instances, your comment or suggestion may be forwarded to other U.S. government agencies or departments if they are in the best position to respond to your message.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Cookies and other information stored on your computer
When you visit some websites, their webservers generate and store small files on your computer's hard drive.  These files are known as "cookies."  There are two types of cookies: persistent and non-persistent, or "session," cookies.  Non-persistent cookies are deleted by your browser when you close it.  Persistent cookies are not deleted by your browser until their set expiration date passes.  Websites use non-persistent cookies to facilitate your activities during your browsing session.  Persistent cookies last beyond a single browsing session, and website can use them to collect and store information, including personally identifiable information, for their later use.  FEWS.NET uses persistent cookies, not to collect or store personally identifiable information, but to anonymously monitor website interactions and navigation, which will be used to optimize the presentation of information over time.
Security Notice
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act, or other applicable criminal laws.
We generally will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. See also Privacy Notice.
If monitoring reveals evidence of possible criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to law enforcement personnel.
Quick Links
Food Assistance Outlook Brief
Price Watch
Global Weather Hazards
Story Map Gallery
Guidance Documents
COVID-19 Pandemic
COVID-19 Reports
About FEWS NET
The Famine Early Warning Systems Network is a leading provider of early warning and analysis on food insecurity. Created by USAID in 1985 to help decision-makers plan for humanitarian crises, FEWS NET provides evidence-based analysis on approximately 30 countries. Implementing team members include NASA, NOAA, USDA, USGS, and CHC-UCSB, along with Chemonics International Inc. and Kimetrica.Learn more About Us.