http://www.westernjustice.org/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Strategic Plan
Guiding Principles
History
Leadership
Staff
Join the Team
News
Monthly Newsletters
Programs
Youth Empowerment
Adult Empowerment
Community Empowerment
Where in LA is WJC?
Events
Empower Virtual Event
Annual Justice Awards
Upcoming Events
Get Involved
Donate
Privacy PolicyWestern Justice Center has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website www.westernjustice.org.In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Western Justice Center reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the website;Who collects such information;How such information is used;With whom your information may be shared;What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Western Justice Center by sending an email to info@westernjustice.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.What Information We Collect and How We Use That InformationOur e-newsletter registration form requests contact information that includes name and email address. Information gathered for e-newsletter registration is added to our database for the purpose of e-newsletter distribution.  Our online donation form requests contact information that includes name, email address, mailing address, phone number and credit card number. We do not store credit card information. Internet Protocol AddressWe collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to:  help diagnose problems with our server; administer our website; analyze trends; track user movements; gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve the site and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.Use of "Cookies"Our website may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing. They are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions.  Such functions include saving your passwords and your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website. They also make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.SecurityAll information provided to Western Justice Center is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.Other Web SitesOur website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Western Justice Center has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such websites as their policies may be different from ours.Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can send an email to: info@westernjustice.org.