http://www.celebration.co.za/terms/
Are You a Vendor? List Your Business
Home
SERVICES
Antenuptial Contracts
Bridal Accessories
Bridal Wear
Bridesmaid's Dresses
Cakes
Caterers
Counselling
Courses
Dance Lessons
Decor
DJs
Entertainment
Favours
Florists
Flowergirl Dresses
Gift Registries
Gifts
Hair
Health Spas
Hen Parties
Hiring Services
Honeymoon Planners
Invitations
Jewellers
Lingerie
Makeup
Marquees and Tents
Ministers and Officiants
Musicians
Photo Booths
Photographers
Shoes
Sweets & Treats
Transportation
Videographers
Wedding Planners
Wedding Websites
WEDDING VENUES
South Africa
Western Cape
Free State
Eastern Cape
Mpumalanga
Kwazulu Natal
Limpopo
North West
Northern Cape
Gauteng
Garden Route
HONEYMOONS
Honeymoon Packages
South Africa
Western Cape
Mpumalanga
Gauteng
Garden Route
SPECIALS
EVENTS
SHOP
BLOG
South African Weddings
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Celebration.co.za understands the importance of privacy to our clients.
Celebration.co.za has adopted this Privacy Policy as we recognise the right of our clients and others to keep their personal information private. This Privacy Policy covers Celebration.co.za's treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect or hold. Sites that are linked to our site may have different policies; please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.
Your Personal Information
Personal information collected by Celebration.co.za may include your name, current address, phone numbers, e-mail address and any other information relevant to providing you with the service you request. Personal information is collected through our site when you knowingly and voluntarily submit information. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information consistent with any applicable privacy laws of South Africa.
How information is collected
Celebration.co.za collects personal information in a number of ways, including:
Celebration.co.za maintains a contact database in order to manage our dealings with you.
The contact details we hold are those provided to us by you through this web site.
Directly from you, when you provide information by phone, email or in person.
From third parties such as our service provision partners.
From publicly available sources of information.
How we use your personal information
Your personal information may be used in order to:
Provide you with the service you have requested through our site by passing your request and the information you have provided to a local Service Provider.
Confirm the quality of service provided to you and improve the service level to you.
Research and develop current and future services, how to improve these and how we interact.
Enable us to send you marketing or promotional material (such as promotional offers) on other products and services that we consider may be of interest to you. However, you may at any time, notify us that you do not wish to receive this material via an "opt-out" facility.
Provide for your representatives (eg your authorised representatives or legal advisers)
Provide Credit-reporting agencies (with your approval) appropriate information.
Inform our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers.
Although, from time to time, Celebration.co.za may provide statistical information about sales, trading patterns and information on navigation techniques to reputable third parties, this will not include any direct personal information, identifying you as our customer.
Help us to ensure we hold accurate information
Celebration.co.za takes reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate. To keep this information accurate we recommend that you keep us up to date with changes to personal information such as your contact details.
If you no longer wish us to keep a record of your personal information or you need to alter your particulars (for example, your address), you may contact us through our websites or by emailing our Customer Support Group at [email protected], so we can correct, update or remove the information you have given us.
You can access your personal information
If you would like to know more about privacy at Celebration.co.za, including your right to access the personal information we hold about you, contact us by email at [email protected].
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
While Celebration.co.za makes every effort to protect your personal information and your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online, that information can be collected and used by people that neither you nor we know.
For more detailed information on how we manage Data Security, please contact Celebration.co.za.
Disclaimer
Even though Celebration.co.za staff and related parties responsible for maintaining this web site believe that all information contained within this web site is correct, you use this web site at your own risk.
You accept all risks and responsibility for loss, damage, costs and other consequences resulting from using this web site and any web sites linked to it. You are also responsible for accessing the relevance and accuracy of any information or material available from this web site or any web sites linked to it.
Further, we disclaim all responsibility to the maximum extent possible under applicable laws;
We exclude all liabilities, including for negligence, to you or any other person arising directly or indirectly from using this web site or any informational material available from or through it; and
Where liability can not lawfully be excluded we limit our liability to our option to re-supply any service in respect of which the liabilities arises or refunding any amounts paid for those services.
You must always check the information
Information available on this site:
General information only;
Subject to change without notice; Is not professional, expert or other advice; May not be suitable in particular circumstances or for particular purposes; May not be accurate, current or complete; Should never be relied on as a basis for doing or failing to do something.
As information will come from other third party sources no warranty is made as to the accuracy or reliability of the information therein and Celebration.co.za disclaims all liability and responsibility for any direct of indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through relying on anything contained in or omitted from this internet site.
Copyright
This web site is covered by copyright. No reproduction or use of Celebration.co.za copyright material is allowed without written permission of Celebration.co.za except for the express use of using the services provided by this site.
Termination of Contract
Celebration.co.za reserves the right to remove any parties at anytime without notice (or refund), should any copyright rule or law be broken or due to a conflict of interest.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of and agreement to the terms and conditions contained herein. These terms and conditions may change from time to time and we recommend that you check regularly to update yourself. If you do not agree to be bound by its terms, we request that you do not use our site.
© 2004 - 2020 Celebration.co.za. All Rights Reserved. Use of content and images without consent strictly prohibited.
LIST YOUR BUSINESS