https://www.ambroseacademy.org/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.ambroseacademy.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect data via contact form for St. Ambrose Academy use. This data isn’t sold or given to third parties. We utilize eTapestry.com/blackbaud.com to collect data. For their privacy policy please go to https://www.blackbaud.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Waiting List Privacy Policy
We will not provide your information to any other organization. Aggregate data about class makeup on the waiting list may be made public.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
St. Ambrose Academy does not share with any other entity. We do store your data on third-party servers and contact management systems.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.  Website administrators can see and edit that information. If you would like your data removed from our website, please contact us at info@ambroseacademy.org.
Data provided to St. Ambrose Academy is preserved indefinitely, unless requested to be removed.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact Information
St. Ambrose Academy
St. Thomas Aquinas Parish Education Wing
602 Everglade Drive
Madison, WI 53717
(608) 827-5863
x
This website is using cookies. More info. Ok
Click here for the full calendar
In The News
Updates Re: Efforts to Open Religious Schools
On Friday August 28, 2020, St. Ambrose Academy
SAA Prepares to Re-Open Classrooms for Fall 2020
St. Ambrose Academy will re-open its
2020 Graduation Ceremony Broadcast
The Class of 2020 joyfully reunited in person
24 SAA Students Earn National Latin Exam Honors
Congratulations to the *24* SAA senior high
SAA Alumnus Ordained a Transitional Deacon!
Congratulations to St. Ambrose Academy alumnus
© 2014 - 2020 St. Ambrose Academy †St. Thomas Aquinas Parish Education Wing
602 Everglade Drive Madison, WI 53717
(608) 827-5863, info@ambroseacademy.org
Christ is Everything for Us!
Our Mission
To assist parents in the formation of their children by providing a classical education rooted in the teachings of the Magisterium and the primary works of civilization's greatest thinkers. St. Ambrose strives to lead students to imitate the virtues which joyfully compel a life of knowledge, love and service of Christ.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
St. Ambrose Academy admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.