http://www.auspost.com.au/receiving/manage-your-mail/redirect-hold-mail/privacy-information
Current delivery times & COVID-19 updates
Dismiss alert
COVID-19: Alert bar
Skip to content
Skip to primary navigation
Personal
Business
Enterprise & Gov
About us
Help & support
Log in
Accounts
MyPost
MyPost Business
eParcel
Business Support Portal
ShopMate
Search
Search our site
Search
Close search
Personal
Receiving
Manage your mail
Redirect & hold mail
Privacy notice
Privacy notice
Safeguarding your information
Keeping your identity and information safe is our priority. Please read our privacy notice to find out how we do this.
Information about other people
When you give us another person's personal information eg. co-applicants, you must tell them you have done so and why, and show them the contents of this privacy notice.
When you provide us with another person’s personal information, you are warranting that you have done so with the explicit consent of that person.
For the purposes of this privacy notice, references to your information and your details refers to all information you provide to us, including your personal information and any other person’s personal information.
Use of personal information
We only use your personal information, or that of any co-applicant, as necessary to administer our Mail Redirection, Mail Holding, Notify My Providers service, and other associated services.
We will not disclose your personal information or that of any co-applicant, to any third party unless it is:
required by, or authorised under law
with either your express or implied consent in relation to our other services
to our contracted service providers - such as mailing houses and printers - who need these details to perform aspects of the administration of this service as instructed by us
Please note: where Australia Post discloses your information to third party organisations with your consent, we are not responsible for the use (or non-use) of that data by the recipient organisation.
Tracking information available for redirected articles
During the term of the service, Australia Post may disclose the new suburb of the redirected article to any third party sender through tracking services. The full new address to which redirected articles have been nominated by the applicant to be delivered will not be visible through the Australia Post tracking website, tracking notification or any other Australia Post tracking advice and will remain confidential.
Redirected articles that are Unclaimed, Refused or Returned
A redirection label, detailing the new address, may be placed over the original address on an article to be redirected. Where a redirected article cannot be delivered to the new address, as nominated by the applicant, the article may be returned to the sender with the redirection label visible in part on the returned article.
Further use of personal information
Notify My Providers service
For organisations that you nominate as part of our Notify My Providers service (also referred to as Change of Address Notification) you are providing your consent for us to provide your details to those organisations in order to assist them update their customer databases. In doing so, we will make your data available by secure means which may be accessed outside of Australia by those organisations (or their service providers). We recommend you familiarise yourself with those organisations’ respective Privacy Policies for clarification on how they handle your personal information.
These organisations may contact you in the future surrounding a product or service relevant to that organisation which remains independent of this service and over which we have no control or involvement. By providing this information to these organisations we will not be altering any marketing permissions that you have in place with that particular organisation.
Address Update Service
With your consent, Australia Post may provide your new address to organisations to whom you are already known. Various organisations (like utilities, banks, superfunds etc) use Australia Post to update their address records. Your consent is applicable only to you as the person completing this form and where you are also listed as an addressee for mail redirection. It is not applicable to any other addressee listed on this application.
Products and Services
As part of your Mail Redirection, your personal information may from time to time be used to identify particular Australia Post and/or third party products and services which may be of interest to you. All direct marketing activities, including the capture of your consent is undertaken in accordance with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). The fulfilment of all marketing collateral is undertaken by Australia Post. In undertaking this service, your personal information will never be disclosed to any third party involved with this process. Australia Post will always give you a choice to opt out of receiving such information in future. To facilitate your opt-out from the receipt of such information please call us on 1300 55 7678. We will ask you to identify the service through your customer reference number (CRN) located on your receipt or within the confirmation letter located above your address.
Accessing your personal information
Subject to some exceptions allowed by law, you, and any co-applicant, are entitled to request access to your personal information while we store it.
To find out more about how we handle your personal information, or make a privacy related complaint, please view our Privacy Policy or write to:
Privacy Contact Officer
GPO Box 1777
MELBOURNE VIC 3001
Manage your mail
Redirect & hold mail
Redirect mail
Hold mail
Extend your service
Proving your identity
Change or cancel your mail redirection or hold
Mail Redirection, Mail Hold and Notify My Providers Terms and Conditions
Privacy notice
PO Boxes & Private Bags
Manage junk mail
Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as employees, and recognise their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders past, present and emerging.