http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1995/11.95
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
November 1995
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth
St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail:
asleonard@aol.com
Contributing Editor: Colin Crawford, Esq., Brooklyn Law School.
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven
Kolodny, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Michael S.
Ryan, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston; Robin Miller,
Esq., Seattle; Eva G. Anthony, Patrick J. Henigan, Ross D. Levi,
David Pumo, Clarice B. Rabinowitz, Students, Brooklyn Law School;
Helen G. Ullrich, Student, New York Law School.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118.
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
(C) 1995 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$30/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$35)
SUPREME COURT ARGUMENT ON AMENDMENT 2 SURPRISES GAY ADVOCATES AS
KENNEDY QUESTIONS CONSTITUTIONALITY
To the delighted surprise of lesbian and gay rights advocates
observing the October 10 oral argument at the United States
Supreme Court in Romer v. Evans, Justice Anthony Kennedy took the
lead in raising critical questions about Amendment 2, the
Colorado initiative measure that was declared unconstitutional by
the state's Supreme Court.
Amendment 2 would ban the state or
any of its political subdivisions from adopting laws, rules or
policies that specifically protect lesbians, gay men or bisexuals
from discrimination; its broad and imprecise wording proved a
major source of contention at the hearing.
Colorado Solicitor General Tim Tymkovich had barely begun his
argument when Justice Kennedy began the attack, stating "I have
never seen anything like this" and rejecting Tymkovich's attempt
to ground support for Amendment 2 in prior Supreme Court cases,
asserting that it swept more broadly than any measure previously
before the Court.
Prognosticators had focused on Kennedy and
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor as the crucial members of the Court
for this case, assuming that the four more liberal-moderate
members of the Court would probably support the Colorado Supreme
Court's opinion.
(Former Colorado Supreme Court Justice Jean
Dubofsky, who argued on behalf of the Amendment 2 opponents, had
stated several weeks ago that she was targeting her arguments at
Kennedy, who she saw as the key "swing vote" in the case.)
Justice O'Connor also appeared to have problems with Amendment 2,
posing hypotheticals and failing to get substantive answers from
Tymkovich as she speculated that under Amendment 2 gays could be
deprived of normal redress under state laws of general
application.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg piled on, suggesting
that under Amendment 2 a gay patient denied treatment at a public
hospital would have no redress, and Justice David Souter asked
questions signalling his conclusion that there might be no
rational basis for the measure, suggesting that the Court could
strike it down as irrational without having to accept the lower
court's theory of a "fundamental right of political
participation."
(Under the Equal Protection Clause, any measure
that poses unequal treatment must be at minimum "rational," even
if it does not affect a fundamental right or use a suspect
classification.)
The only member of the Court whose questions signalled vigorous
support for Amendment 2 was, not unexpectedly, Justice Antonin
Scalia, who, according to some newspaper reports had told a law
student audience recently that "homosexuals" have "no
constitutional rights" (prompting a call by the San Francisco
Examiner for him to recuse himself in the Amendment 2 case).
Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who apparently accelerated his
return to the bench after back surgery in order to participate,
also made a comment indicating some support for the argument that
the state might legitimately seek to reserve issues of civil
rights protection to be decided at the state level, rather than
by individual municipalities, although Justice Souter pointedly
responded that Colorado had not attempted to do that in a non-
discriminatory way via Amendment 2, and Justice Stevens
questioned whether Coloradans from outside Aspen had any
legitimate interest in overriding a decision by Aspen residents
to ban discrimination in their city.
Most media accounts of the argument suggested that things had
gone poorly for the defenders of Amendment 2.
Rocky Mountain
News Washington Bureau reporter John Brinkley quoted U.S. Rep.
David Skaggs (D.-Colo.), a lawyer and opponent of Amendment 2 who
attended the argument, predicting the state court would be
upheld.
"My assessment was 5-4 at worst, 6-3 is possible, and 7-
2 is conceivable," said Skaggs.
Supporters of Amendment 2 agreed
with this assessment.
In his Oct. 12 article, Brinkley quoted
Rhett Dehart, an aide to former U.S. Attorney General Ed Meese
(who participated as an amicus in defense of Amendment 2), as
follows: "It went pretty poorly.
The general view of
conservatives is that they're pretty disappointed with the
questions [asked by the Justices]."
Veteran Supreme Court observer Lyle Denniston of the Baltimore
Morning Sun was more restrained in his assessment, opining in an
Oct. 11 article that "Justice O'Connor didn't seem ready to join
either side of the case, saying the Court knew too little about
exactly how Amendment 2 affects legal rights of homosexuals," but
also noting that Justice Scalia "was the only outright supporter
of Amendment 2 at the hearing."
Questions and comments by
Justices Stevens and Stephen Breyer appeared to signal staunch
opposition to the measure.
As usual, Justice Clarence Thomas
asked no questions and made no comments.
Lesbian and gay rights litigators attending the argument seemed
pleased.
"The Justices really got it," said ACLU Lesbian & Gay
Rights Project Director Matt Coles, who voiced hope at the
outcome during an impromptu press conference on the Court's steps
after the argument.
"The Court sees that the amendment is
absurd. Their questions pointed that out," said Suzanne Goldberg,
a staff attorney at Lambda Legal Defense who is working with
local attorneys in several states to challenge various initiative
measures.
In a discordant note, however, New Republic legal
columnist Jeffrey Rosen published a lengthy argument in that
magazine's Oct. 23 issue arguing that Amendment 2 (with which he
disagrees) is a valid expression of the majoritarian political
process, a point echoed by conservative columnist George Will in
his syndicated column widely published during the week of the
argument.
(Will's column, obviously written prior to the
argument, appeared from its tone to assume that a majority of the
Court would vote to reverse the Colorado Supreme Court's
opinion.)
On the other hand, conservative legal commentator
Bruce Fein, writing in the Washington Times on Oct. 24, took the
position that Amendment 2 was probably unconstitutional as
drafted due mainly to its potentially broad effect of denying any
redress to gay people in Colorado for exclusion from routine
participation in state-provided services, but that a less
prejudicially-drafted measure (such as, presumably, the Maine
initiative that Fein helped to draft) would be constitutional.
Under its usual procedures, the Court discusses each argued case
at a conference at the end of the argument week, and takes a
preliminary vote leading to opinion assignments by the Chief
Justice (if in the majority) or the senior Justice in the
majority if the Chief Justice is in the minority.
A decision
could be forthcoming as early as December, although it seems more
likely that the opinion will come early in 1996.
The Court has
yet to rule on a certiorari petition seeking review of the 6th
Circuit Court of Appeals decision upholding Cincinnati's Issue 3,
an Amendment 2 "clone" that had been held unconstitutional by the
U.S. District Court in that city.
It seems likely the Court will
hold that petition until it disposes of the Colorado case. A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Justice Refuses to Halt Co-Parent Visitation
U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens denied a petition
for an emergency stay in In re Custody of H.S.H.-K.: Holtzman v.
Knott, 533 N.W.2d 419 (Wis. June 13, 1995).
In that case, the
Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that Sandra Lyn Holtzman, the
lesbian co-parent of a child borne by Elsbeth Knott, was entitled
to court-ordered visitation after the relationship between the
women ended.
Knott is attempting to challenge the court's order,
arguing that it violates her constitutionally-guaranteed parental
rights to determine how to raise her child.
The Wisconsin courts
had ordered Knott to let Holtzman visit with the child, and
Knott, who is trying to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court,
wanted Stevens to terminate Holtzman's visitation rights while
the appeal is pending.
Stevens issued his decision on Oct. 3.
(Based on an Associated Press story in the Palm Beach Post, Oct.
7.)
A.S.L.
Georgia Supreme Court Hears Argument on Sodomy Law
The Georgia Supreme Court heard oral argument on Oct. 11 in
Christensen v. State, a challenge to the notorious felony sodomy
law that was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in Bowers v.
Hardwick (1986).
In this case, L. Chris Christensen, who was
convicted of soliciting oral sex from a vice cop at a highway
rest-stop, is arguing that his prosecution violates the right of
privacy in the Georgia constitution, noting that the solicitation
was to go somewhere private for the sexual activity.
"This case
is about who will enter one's circle of intimacy," argued Jane E.
Fahey, representing Christensen.
Assistant Rockdale District
Attorney Michael M. Hawkins, defending the conviction, argued
that members of the public had complained about sexual
solicitation at the rest stop, which was public activity.
(In
other states, such as New York and California, courts have
invalidated solicitation laws when they are used to solicit
lawful private activity; thus, after striking down the New York
sodomy law in People v. Onofre, 51 N.Y.2d 476 (1980), the N.Y.
Court of Appeals subsequently struck down the solicitation law in
People v. Uplinger, 58 N.Y.2d 936 (1983). The U.S. Supreme Court
denied review in Onofre and dismissed certiorari as improvidently
granted in Uplinger.) Christensen's case presents a scenario
similar to that followed in Kentucky, where the state supreme
court invalidated the sodomy law in case sparked by the
prosecution of a gay man who solicited a vice cop to come home
with him for oral sex. (See Commonwealth v. Wasson, 842 S.W.2d
487 (Ky.1992).
Only one member of the Georgia court, Justice
Leah Sears, gave any indication of views during the argument.
Sears' appeared disfavor the state's arguments (but she is a
frequent pro-gay dissenter in Georgia cases involving lesbian and
gay rights).
A.S.L.
Washington Supreme Court Upholds Suspension Of Lesbian Social
Worker
Joan Heinmiller, a social worker, began to meet with her patient
Marian Blair in November, 1985.
During one therapy session, in
response to Joan's question, Marian said she had never
experienced sexual feelings for women.
However, during their
sessions Marian began to develop a romantic interest in Joan.
After their last therapy session, Marian revealed her feelings
for Joan and the two became romantically involved.
In 1989, at
the end of their two-year relationship, Marian filed both a
malpractice action (eventually settled) and a complaint against
Joan with the Washington State Department of Health.
In its
final administrative decision, the agency indefinitely suspended
Joan's license, finding that she had engaged in unprofessional
conduct.
This decision was affirmed by the lower court, and
Heinmiller appealed.
In Heinmiller v. Department of Health,
1995 WL 584404 (Oct. 5), the Supreme Court of Washington
affirmed.
First, the court noted that Washington's Administrative Procedure
Act requires that modification of an agency's decision should
occur only if the agency "has erroneously interpreted or applied
the law."
Finding that most social workers view a sexual
relationship between a social worker and a patient commenced just
one day after therapy sessions end to constitute unacceptable
behavior, the court agreed that Heinmiller had committed an act
of "moral turpitude" for purposes of the agency's disciplinary
act.
Second, the court held that Heinmiller's sexual relationship
violated the disciplinary act's prohibition against "sexual
contact with a client or patient," finding that social workers,
like physicians who have ongoing relationships with their
patients, are also prohibited from engaging in sexual
relationships with former clients.
The court also affirmed the
ruling that Heinmiller had interfered with the agency's
disciplinary proceedings by sending harassing letters to Barry
containing derogatory statements about the latter's therapists
and attorneys.
However, in so ruling the court chose to ignore
expert testimony that such letters were written out of
Heinmiller's love and concern.
Finally, under the Department of Health's disciplinary act, the
court held that Heinmiller acted unprofessionally by
misrepresenting or concealing a material fact in her application
for professional certification.
In 1988, she responded
negatively to a question as to whether "[w]ithin the past ten
years, [you have] engaged in . . . the commission of any act
involving moral turpitude . . . ."
Heinmiller maintained that
she did not actually know that her sexual relationship was an act
of moral turpitude that could affect her certification.
She
further maintained that even assuming she should have known, she
could not have violated this section "because constructive
knowledge of a fact's materiality is an insufficient basis for a
finding of misrepresentation or concealment within the meaning"
of the disciplinary act.
Conceding that the natural definition
of misrepresentation required knowledge, the court nonetheless
opined that "[m]isconduct is not less harmful to the public
simply because the professional who engages in it fails to
recognize it as such."
In his concurring opinion, Judge Pekelis objected to the
majority's holding that constructive knowledge was sufficient to
warrant misrepresentation, since "to discipline a person not
because she knew, but because she should have known that her
conduct would be deemed by others to constitute an act of `moral
turpitude' makes the Department's action almost Kafkaesque."
Although the fact that this was a lesbian relationship was never
directly mentioned as a reason for its holding, one has to wonder
whether the court's concern for the public outweighed the common
meaning of the word "misrepresentation" was primarily due its
fear that a lesbian therapist poses a greater sexual threat to
the public than would a heterosexual therapist.
C.B.R.
Oregon Supreme Court Confronts Ballot Questions
In preparatory skirmishing over the next round of anti-gay ballot
initiatives in Oregon, the Oregon Supreme Court issued several
decisions on September 28. Rooney v. Kulongoski, 1995 WL 574337
(lead opinion); Mabon v. Kulongoski, 1995 WL 574328; Rooney v.
Kulongoski, 1995 WL 574347; Rooney v. Kulongoski, 1995 WL 574318.
The decisions deal with the summary statements and titles to
appear on the ballot if sufficient signatures are obtained by the
anti-gay petitioners.
The lead decision involves a debate among
the justices as to whether state law provisions authorizing the
court to rewrite ballot summaries and questions violates the
separation of powers, and describes the procedure that the
majority of the court then uses in the other opinions to rule on
particular measures.
The upshot is that the ballot questions and
summaries are revised from those proposed by the petitioners to
be somewhat more objectively descriptive about the purposes and
effects of the proposals.
From news reports, it appears that the
anti-gay petitioners are unhappy with the resulting ballot
questions and summaries, but will proceed with them to secure a
place on the 1996 ballot.
A.S.L.
Trend of Judicial Approval for Co-Parent Adoptions Advances;
Judicial Victory Threatened in D.C.
Courts in Colorado and New Jersey have approved adoption
petitions that will allow lesbian partners and their children to
establish legally recognized family units.
In Colorado, the
state District Court in Boulder County decided July 26 to approve
a petition for a joint adoption pending in In re Adoption
Petition of K.J. and R.Z., 21 Fam. L. Rep. (BNA) 1535.
One of
the petitioners is the birth mother of two children conceived
through alternative insemination.
The court relied on the "step-
parent exception" to the normal rule that an adoption cuts off
the parental rights of the birth parents.
In this case, which
involved a known sperm donor, the donor's consent had been
obtained for the adoption, and the court found that it would be
in the best interest of the children to have this legal tie to
both their birth mother and the mother's partner.
In New Jersey, we learned at our deadline, the Appellate Division
on Oct. 27 overturned a decision by the Bergen County Family
Court and approved an adoption petition filed by a lesbian co-
parent to adopt twins borne by her partner three years ago.
Writing for the court in the 2-1 decision, Judge Sylvia B.
Pressler relied on a provision in the state's adoption law
requiring that it be "liberally construed" to promote the best
interests of children.
Dissenting, Judge Dorothea Wefing argued
that the statute's "step-parent exception" is only available to
married couples.
But Judge Pressler insisted that the law should
recognize the reality of the situation, in which the lesbian
partners were jointly raising the children: "They function
together as a family.
The twins are, by reason of their
upbringing, daily lives, and ties of mutual affection, the
children of both Mary and Hannah, and no court order granting or
denying the adoption will change that."
New York Times, Oct. 28.
We hope to have a more detailed report on this case next month.
The June 30 decision by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
in M.M.D. and B.H.M., 662 A.2d 837, authorizing joint adoptions
by same-sex co-parents, is in danger from Congress.
The House
Appropriations Committee, giving final approval to the District
of Columbia budget for the coming fiscal year, approved an
amendment that bans all adoptions by unmarried couples, whether
same-sex or opposite-sex.
While this measure, if finally
adopted, will not bar lesbians or gay men from adopting children,
it would put an end to the legal recognition of same-sex families
embodied in the recent court decision.
Washington Times, Oct.
27.
The appropriations bill would also continue the
Congressional ban on use of district funds to provide employee
benefits to domestic partners of city employees.
The so-called
"family values" Republican Congress seems dead set against
lesbian and gay families.
A.S.L.
9th Circuit Dismisses Claim Against Signature Gatherers For
Oregon Anti-Gay Initiatives
In Fred Meyer, Inc. v. Casey, 1995 WL 592804 (Oct. 5), a 9th
Circuit Court of Appeals panel upheld a decision dismissing the
plaintiff's claim against members of the No Special Rights
Committee and Oregon Citizens Alliance who were gathering
signatures outside the main entrances of various Fred Meyer
stores in support of two proposed anti-gay charter and
constitutional amendments.
When the defendant groups began
asking shoppers to sign their petitions to qualify the two
initiatives for election, customers began complaining,
threatening to boycott Fred Meyer stores and return prior
purchases for refund.
Fred Meyer responded by asking the
petitioning groups to leave its property, or having the
petitioners arrested for criminal trespass.
Fred Meyer brought an action under 42 U.S.C sec. 1983.
The court
found, however, that Fred Meyer failed to satisfy the first
requirement of the statute, since petitioning groups were not
acting under color of state law.
Although in a separate action
the Oregon Court of Appeals previously had reversed criminal
trespass convictions against similar groups arrested outside a
Fred Meyer store entrance, the federal appellate panel chose to
read that case (State v. Dameron, 853 P.2d 1285 (Or. 1993))
narrowly and explicitly confined it to its facts.
The federal
appeals court instead found the groups here to be private
citizens and entities who were not receiving significant aid from
the state, and so not state actors in violation of sec. 1983.
By
contrast, the court found that Fred Meyer had created a public
forum via its broad invitation to the public.
The court left Fred Meyer with the option of asking the State to
prosecute for criminal trespass in each individual case of
solicitation "if it could show substantial business interference
with its property."
Fred Meyer could also impose reasonable
time, place and manner restrictions to petitioners using its
property.
R.D.L.
Wisconsin Appeals Court Rejects Evidence of Consensual Homosexual
Acts in Sexual Assault Case
In Wisconsin v. Rushing, 1995 WL 592819 (Oct. 10), the Wisconsin
Court of Appeals held that the trial court improperly permitted a
19-year old man to testify that Robert Rushing, the defendant,
had fellated him in a park in the context of a subsequent
prosecution for sexual assault of a child.
The 19-year old
witness stated that his encounter with the defendant had been
consensual.
The jury then convicted Rushing of second-degree
sexual assault on a child for performing fellatio on a 15-year
old (who was baby-sitting Rushing's children) who was asleep at
the time.
The 19-year old's testimony had been admitted under statutory
exceptions to the general rule barring evidence of prior acts
when such evidence shows motive, intent, or identity.
The court,
in any opinion by Presiding Judge Cane, rejected the motive or
intent basis for admission because defendant was convicted under
a strict liability statute.
All that the prosecution had to
prove was that defendant had intercourse with a person under the
age of 16.
(The statute included oral/genital contact in its
definition of intercourse.)
Since intent was not an element of
the crime, it could not form the basis of admission.
Nor did the court accept the identity rationale as a basis for
admission.
The two acts lacked "a concurrence of common features
[and] points of similarity [such that] the park encounter and the
assault on Michael [could] constitute Rushing's imprint."
The
court found many aspects of the two acts dissimilar.
Most
important to the court was its finding that a consensual gay
encounter was nothing like an assault on a child.
That alone
took the prior act out of the identity exception.
"Rushing's
prior homosexual encounter cannot be introduced to suggest that
because he has engaged in homosexual conduct, he is also likely
to assault children," implicitly rejecting any automatic
association of homosexuality with pedophilia.
The court vacated
the judgment and remitted for a new trial.
Concurring, Judge
Myse noted that most trial courts permit the introduction of
prior acts under these exceptions so much that the general rule
against it was being "overwhelmed."
That judge said it was "time
we restrain the introduction of this evidence as a matter of
course." M.S.R.
Wisconsin Appeals Court Rejects Subjective Role Model Standard
for Teachers
Ruling on an appeal by state teacher licensing authorities, the
Wisconsin Court of Appeals voted 2-1 to reject a "role model"
theory used by the state's superintendent of education to justify
revoking the teaching license of a public school music teacher
who was convicted of two gay public sex offenses.
Thompson v.
Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction, 1995 WL 606619 (Oct.
17).
The relevant statute requires a determination whether
particular "immoral conduct" by a teacher has a "nexus" with the
"health, welfare or safety" of any pupil.
A majority of the
court found, in an opinion by Judge Myse, that the role model
standard used by the superintendent effectively negated the nexus
requirement.
Ray Thompson, the teacher, was involved in two incidents that led
to the license revocation proceeding.
In the first, he was
convicted of disorderly conduct when he groped a man in Rainbow
Park, described by the court as "a known meeting place for gay
men" in Oshkosh.
In the second, he was convicted of fourth-
degree sexual assault when he began to unbutton the shirt of a
plainclothes police officer in an unlocked booth in an adult
video store "that displayed pornographic movies and materials and
served as a meeting place for homosexual men."
The immediate
consequence for Thompson was discharge from his full-time
position in the Oshkosh schools.
He continued to work in other
Wisconsin districts as a substitute teacher while the state
education department instituted a license revocation proceeding.
The department's hearing officer decided that Thompson's conduct
did not meet the nexus requirement, and recommended against
revocation.
The superintendent rejected this recommendation and
revoked Thompson's license.
Thompson sought judicial review, and
the trial court stayed the revocation and remanded to the
department, finding that the superintendent failed to hear the
case or review the record prior to issuing his decision, as
required by statute.
This time the superintendent appointed a
special hearing officer to review the record and issue a proposed
decision.
This officer found that Thompson's license should be
revoked because "Thompson could no longer be an effective role
model for the students because the pupils, their parents and the
public would lack confidence, respect and regard for Thompson."
The superintendent accepted this recommendation.
Thompson again sought judicial review, and the trial court
reversed, finding that the department established an "impossibly
high role model standard" and that the decision was not supported
by substantial evidence.
On the department's appeal, the court
of appeals agreed with the trial court that the role model
standard established by the superintendent was inappropriate, but
premised its decision on the superintendent's improper reliance
on public opinions and attitudes as opposed to a factual
determination that Thompson would no longer be an effective
teacher.
The court remanded the case once more to the education
department for a new determination.
Explaining the court's opinion, Judge Myse wrote: "Applying a
role model standard reflecting community attitudes effectively
eliminates the nexus requirement.
All cases of immoral conduct
are by definition offensive to community standards.
Because a
role model rationale assumes all conduct offensive to the
community standard hinders the educational process, nexus is
subsumed in all cases involving immoral conduct.
However, the
plain meaning of Sec. PI 3.04 provides that not all immoral
conduct should result in license revocation.
The nexus
requirement is there for a reason: to make sure there is a direct
link between the immoral conduct and the health, welfare, safety
or education of any pupil."
On remand, the superintendent "is
obligated to determine whether there is a direct relationship
between the immoral conduct and the health, welfare, safety or
education of any pupil.
If the conduct is of such severity as to
adversely affect the atmosphere in which education must exist to
be effective, or to endanger the health, welfare or safety of any
of the children, revocation is appropriate."
Myse indicated that
the record might well support such a determination, but it was
for the superintendent to make the decision in the first
instance.
A.S.L.
Massachusetts Appeals Court Vacates Homosexual Rape Conviction
In a Sept. 29 decision, the Massachusetts Appeals Court reversed
the conviction of Ernest M. McGregor for raping another prisoner.
Commonwealth v. McGregor, 1995 WL 579229.
According to the
victim's testimony, after spending a pleasant social visit in
McGregor's cell, he was forced to engage in oral sex against his
will while McGregor held a razor blade to his neck.
McGregor
testified that their sexual encounter was entirely consensual,
and that the victim was willing to have sex in order to get some
"pot" from McGregor.
The trial judge denied McGregor's motion
for individual voir dire of jurors on their attitudes about
homosexuality, and refused to admit evidence from the victim's
hospital medical chart that would tend to show that the victim
had in the past engaged in homosexual activity in exchange for
money and drugs and considered himself to be bisexual, but wanted
that information kept secret.
On appeal, the court found that
the trial judge's direction of a general question to the venire
whether any among them could not be impartial in a case
concerning homosexuality was adequate, but that the exclusion of
the evidence from the victim's medical charges "created a
substantial risk of a miscarriage of justice."
Wrote Judge
Murphy: "Exclusion of evidence showing that the victim did not
want it known that he was willing to engage in sex with men for
purposes of obtaining drugs and money `deprived the defendant of
an opportunity to present sufficient information to the jury for
them to make a discriminating appraisal of the complainant's
motive to lie.'"
A.S.L.
Michigan Appeals Court Finds Surviving Lesbian Co-Parent Lacks
Standing to Contest Custody
In an illustration of the failure of existing laws to protect
lesbian and gay families, the Michigan Court of Appeals ruled
Oct. 20 that a lesbian co-parent lacks standing to challenge a
biological father for custody of her deceased partner's children.
McGuffin v. Overton, 1995 WL 621740.
However, the court
indicated that the plaintiff may continue to pursue her attempt
to be appointed guardian of the minor children.
Leigh Porter had two children out of wedlock, Jonathan in 1982
and Nathaniel in 1984.
Leigh filed paternity actions in 1984
against Russell Overton, who stipulated he was the biological
father.
In both paternity cases, Leigh was given custody of the
children and Russell was ordered to pay child support.
In 1987,
Leigh began to live with Carol Hess (who took Leigh's surname and
is referred to in the opinion of the court as Carol Porter) in a
"monogamous lesbian relationship," and the two boys lived with
Leigh and Carol until Leigh's death in January 1995.
Shortly
before her death, Leigh executed a will which designated Carol as
guardian of the boys and a power of attorney purporting to
delegate her parental authority to Carol.
The will specifically
stated that Russell should not be named guardian because he had
not established any relationship with the boys.
As of March
1995, Russell's support payments were nearly $20,000 in arrears.
After Leigh's death, Carol petitioned for guardianship, and was
required by court rules to give notice to Russell.
He reacted to
this by filing motions seeking custody of the boys.
The motions
were filed in two different counties, since each of the original
paternity proceedings were filed in different counties.
Carol
then sought to intervene in the custody proceedings to assert her
own claims to custody.
In one county, the court found that Carol
had standing; in the other county, the court denied standing, and
authorized Russell to take physical custody, which he did by
picking up the boys from school and taking them to his home.
In this per curiam opinion, a panel of the Court of Appeals held
that Carol lacked standing to seek custody in the ongoing
paternity action.
A 1993 Michigan statute specifically delimits
the circumstances under which "third parties" shall have standing
to seek custody; one of those circumstances is when the third
party is the legal guardian of the child, but Carol's
guardianship petitions have not yet been granted.
None of the
other circumstances described in the statute, M.S.A. 25.312(1) et
seq. (P.A. 1993, No. 259, M.C.L. sec. 722.21 et seq.), apply on
their face to this situation, due to Carol's lack of a blood
relationship to the boys.
The court commented that Carol's
attempt to participate in the case also flew in the face of
Michigan Supreme Court precedent taking a narrow view of third
party rights in custody contests.
However, in finding that Carol
lacks standing to participate in the custody proceeding, the
court concluded: "Our ruling has no effect whatsoever on Carol
Porter's standing if she should be successful in her attempts to
be appointed guardian of the minor children."
A.S.L.
Louisiana Appeals Court Finds Tort Suit Based on Consensual Gay
Affair Time-Barred
The Louisiana Court of Appeals (1st Circuit) reversed a trial
court verdict on timeliness grounds, barring a plaintiff from
recovering against the dentist whom he alleged had sexually
abused him while he was a minor.
Doe v. Doe, 1995 WL 588347
(Oct. 6).
The plaintiff alleged that he had a homosexual
relationship with the defendant, his dentist, starting at age 17
and continuing until the plaintiff was 20 years old.
After the
jury found the defendant 15% at fault, but awarded the plaintiff
no damages, the trial court entered a judgment notwithstanding
the verdict, found the defendant 100% at fault and awarded the
plaintiff money damages.
The First Circuit reversed, finding that the plaintiff's claims
were time-barred under Louisiana law.
The court rejected the
plaintiff's argument that the defendant's conduct constituted a
continuing tort, finding each sexual act between the parties
separate and distinct.
Nor was the court convinced that the
plaintiff's time for bringing the suit should be suspended or
tolled.
Although there was, the court acknowledged, a power
imbalance between the plaintiff and defendant, the plaintiff was
able to act independently, occasionally refusing to meet the
defendant, and refusing to perform certain acts.
The plaintiff
also argued that he did not relate the defendant's acts to his
injuries until he entered therapy.
The court was not convinced
by this argument because the plaintiff had testified that the
relationship was emotionally problematic for him even before he
started therapy.
In sum, the court was not convinced that the
plaintiff had shown that the alleged abuse impaired his mental
capacity to file suit.
The only incident alleged that was
timely, the court said, did not state a claim because it occurred
when the plaintiff was over the ages of majority an consent.
(Interestingly, the court makes nothing of the fact that under
Louisiana's sex crimes laws, the relationship between plaintiff
and defendant was unlawful regardless of age or consent of the
parties.)
D.W.
New York Housing Court Allows Same-Sex Partner To Thwart Eviction
By Examining "Totality Of The Circumstances" Under Braschi
In Arnie Realty Corp. v. Torres, N.Y.L.J, Oct. 4, at 27 (col. 3),
the N.Y. City Civil Court, Housing Part 18-F, found that
respondent/tenant Augustin Torres is a "remaining family member"
of his deceased partner Ward Follette, the tenant of record, and
thus has the right to succeed to his rent-controlled apartment.
The petitioner/landlord brought a summary holdover proceeding
against Torres following Follette's death in May 1994.
The
landlord claimed that Torres had no legal right to remain in the
apartment as Follette was the tenant of record and Torres "was
simply Mr. Follette's boarder."
Torres asserted, as an
affirmative defense, that he and Mr. Follette "resided in the
apartment as a homosexual couple in a committed, long-term
relationship from 1986 until Mr. Follette's death in April 1994,"
and that considering the totality of their relationship, he is a
remaining family member within the meaning of the regulations and
is thus entitled to succeed to Follette's rights in the
apartment.
In order to prevail under New York City Rent and Eviction
Regulations, Torres had to show that he was a remaining family
member of Follette, the tenant of record, and that he resided in
the apartment for two years with Follette.
Several factors first
enunciated in the landmark decision Braschi v. Stahl Associates
are considered in determining whether a survivor is a family
member.
They include "intermingling of finances, engaging in
family-type activities, formalizing of legal obligations, [and]
holding themselves out as family members, regularly performing
family functions, and engaging in other behavior that shows
intention of creating a long-term, emotionally-committed
relationship."
Torres argued that in order to prevail he need
not prove all these factors but that the court must look to the
"totality of the relationship" in determining whether he is a
family member.
The landlord argued that all the Braschi factors
must be proved and that empirical evidence must be presented in
addition to direct testimony, alleging that Torres neither proved
any factors nor presented empirical evidence to support his
claim.
The court found no case law to support an empirical evidence
requirement and agreed with the defendant that relevant cases
look to "the totality of the evidence . . . in determining
whether a remaining family member claim may be maintained."
The
court also rejected the landlord's claim that there was no
financial commitment between Torres and Follette.
Quoting from
Braschi, the court stated that "it is the totality of the
relationship as evidenced by the dedication, caring and self-
sacrifice of the parties which should, in the final analysis,
control."
The court reasoned that the presence or absence of any
of the enumerated factors was not dispositive: "Mr. Follette's
financial support was equaled by [Torres'] domestic support," and
such an "arrangement is of no less value in a homosexual
household than it would be in a heterosexual one."
In addition,
the court found that a Holy Union ceremony for the couple,
performed at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in 1988, was
sufficient to prove that they held themselves out as family
members.
The court therefore concluded that Torres proved that
he was a family member within the meaning of the statute and has
a right "to remain in the apartment as a tenant."
E.G.A.
Military Update
Lt. Dirk Selland is back in court, protesting the Navy's refusal
to promote him despite an excellent service record.
Selland is
serving pursuant to an injunction requiring the Navy to keep him
on duty until his court challenge to the "don't ask, don't tell"
policy is resolved.
The Virginian-Pilot in Norfolk, Virginia,
where Selland is serving as a supply officer, reported Oct. 6
that Selland was one of 3 denied promotion out of a group of 203
officers.
Selland claims the denial of promotion was based on
his sexual orientation.
(Notably, several other openly-gay
service members who were continuing to serve under similar court
orders have been promoted.)
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds Same-Sex Harassment Actionable
Ruling on a question of first impression in the 3rd Circuit, and
extending a growing trend around the country, the U.S. District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania held that same-sex
harassment in the workplace is actionable under Title VII.
King
v. M.R. Brown, Inc., 1995 WL 574308 (Sept. 22).
Plaintiff Ilene King, an employee at Ruth's Chris Steak House in
Philadelphia, claimed that a lesbian co-worker, Karen Leader,
harassed her with physical touching, verbal abuse, and
intimidation.
King complained to the restaurant's owner, who
delegated the matter to the general manager, Curt Gaither.
Gaither arranged a meeting with King and Leader; management then
warned both King and Leader that sexual harassment violated
company policy and would not be tolerated.
King objected that
she had been given the warning as retaliation for having
complained, and notified the restaurant's parent company of the
harassment.
King then skipped two scheduled shifts at work,
claiming that Leader posed a physical danger to her.
Maintaining
that there was no such danger, the company suspended King for two
weeks.
King filed a Charge of Discrimination with the EEOC and
the Pennsylvania Human Rights Commission (PHRC), alleging
harassment and retaliation.
Gaither then fired King as "a result
of warning and suspension of [sic] confrontation with Karen
Leader."
King filed a second claim with the EEOC and the PHRC
alleging retaliatory discharge.
King later sued in the district
court, adding allegations of quid pro quo sexual harassment and a
hostile environment based on race, religion, and sex.
Regarding the same-sex harassment claim, the court observed that
some decisions dismissed these claims on the theory that the sex
discrimination prohibition in Title VII was intended solely to
prevent a dominant gender group from abusing a weaker gender
group, and thus did not apply to sexual harassment within one
gender group; the court rejected this argument, reasoning that
there was no legislative history to support it and, more
importantly, it was untenable given the fact that "reverse
discrimination" is actionable under Title VII.
The court
dismissed the plaintiff's breach of contract claims, ruling that
these were based on the discrimination claim and thus were
preempted by the Pennsylvania Human Rights Act.
Regarding the
additional allegations, the court ruled that it lacked subject
matter jurisdiction to review claims not first presented to the
EEOC, and thus granted the defendant's motion to dismiss the quid
pro quo claim, but held that the additional hostile environment
evidence fell within the scope of the plaintiff's original
complaint, even though some of it did not pertain to sex, because
it contributed to the "totality of the circumstances." O.R.D.
Federal Court Distinguishes Between Same-Sex Harassment by Co-
Worker and by Supervisor Under Mass. Law
In Messina v. Araserve, Inc., No. 94-CV-10632 (reported at 24
Mass. Lawyers Weekly 301, Oct. 23), the U.S. District Court in
Massachusetts dismissed a claim of same-sex harassment under the
Massachusetts Law Against Discrimination against the plaintiff's
co-worker, but found that the law provides strict liability for
harassment by a supervisor, regardless of the employer's
remediation efforts after the problem is brought to the attention
of higher authorities in the company.
Plaintiff Charles Messina is a gay man who was working for
Aramark (now Araserve, Inc.), a contractor providing dining
services at MIT.
Messina claimed to have been subjected to
hostile environment sexual harassment by a male co-worker and a
supervisor.
Messina reported the harassment to a higher-level
supervisor, and the company investigated the situation and took
action against the harassers, subsequently transferring Messina
to another location.
Messina quit shortly after the transfer, a
filed a diversity action in federal court, based on the state law
forbidding both sex and sexual orientation discrimination.
Ruling on the defendant's motion to dismiss, District Judge
Lasker found that there was a jury question as to whether the
conduct involved amounted to an actionable hostile environment.
However, it was clear based on Messina's own allegations that the
company took steps to remedy the situation once it was informed
about the problem.
This provided a basis to dispose of the claim
based on the co-worker's alleged harassment.
However, Lasker
noted, although federal courts under Title VII have also found
that adequate remediation bars a sexual harassment claim based on
supervisory misconduct, Massachusetts has taken a different
approach, holding employers unconditionally liable for sexual
harassment by their supervisors.
Remaining as a factual issue is
whether the alleged harasser was actually Messina's supervisor.
As to this, Lasker found that Messina's allegations were
sufficient to create a triable issue for the factfinder,
precluding summary judgment.
William J. McLeod of Boston represents Messina.
A.S.L.
Connecticut Fire Fighter Loses Conspiracy Claim Against Union
The U.S. District Court in Connecticut granted summary judgement
to Local 801, Danbury Fire Fighters Association, on a 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1985(3) civil rights conspiracy claim brought against the
Union by William David, a gay fire fighter, in David v. Local
801, 1995 WL 590637 (D.Conn, Sept. 11).
When David was promoted
to captain, the Union brought an action challenging the temporary
lieutenant's status to sit for promotional exams.
After
accepting a disability leave, David brought this action claiming
that the Union's challenge was motivated by bias, that during his
employment he had been subject to harassment due to his
homosexuality and his relationship with a person with AIDS, and
that the Union and the City continued to harass him by attacking
his pension rights.
Granting summary judgment, the District Court relied on the
Supreme Court's decision in Griffin v. Breckenridge, 403 U.S. 88
(1971), which narrowly construed sec. 1985(3) to apply only in
cases of racial or otherwise class-based discrimination, and on
the widely-accepted Ninth Circuit premise outlined in Schultz
v. Sunberg, 759 F.2d 714 (9th Cir. 1985) that the statute should
only extend beyond racial parameters in the case of a suspect or
quasi-suspect classification, or other classifications identified
in federal statutes.
Homosexuals have never been held to
constitute a suspect or quasi-suspect class and are only entitled
to rational basis scrutiny review, held the court.
Arguably, the court erred in this decision in not considering 42
U.S.C. sec. 12112(b)(4) of the Americans with Disabilities Act
(ADA), which prohibits "excluding or otherwise denying equal jobs
or benefits to a qualified individual because of the known
disability of an individual with whom the qualified individual is
known to have a relationship or association," inasmuch as AIDS
discrimination is covered by the ADA.
D.P.
Federal Court Refuses to Dismiss Section 1983 Claim Against Sears
Roebuck in Rest-Room Crackdown Case
Denying in part a motion for summary judgment by the defendant in
Gilbert v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 1995 WL 608185 (M.D.Fla. 1995),
U.S. District Judge Kovachevich found questions of material fact
as to whether Sears Roebuck took on the identity of a state actor
when it invited the Tampa, Florida, Police Department to assist
it in attempting to crack down on alleged "homosexual activity"
taking place in the men's room at Sears' Tampa Bay Mall store.
Sears contacted the police department for help when its own
efforts were unable to stop the alleged activity, and granted the
police access and cooperation, including use of video
surveillance equipment.
Timothy Gilbert, the plaintiff, was
arrested in the men's room while being watched by a police
officer from a ceiling vent and another plainclothes officer
located in the men's room.
Gilbert sued both Sears and the City of Tampa under 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1983 and the state constitution, claiming a violation of his
civil rights, including his state constitutional right of privacy
as well as a right to be free of false arrest.
Sears moved to
dismiss the claims against it on jurisdictional grounds, arguing
that sec. 1983 requires that defendant have acted under color of
state law and that the state constitutional privacy right could
not apply to any action taken by Sears, a private-sector
business.
Judge Kovachevich agreed with Sears on the state
constitutional point, citing an intermediate appellate decision
from Florida holding that "the privacy provision of the Florida
Constitution obviously creates no cause of action against private
persons."
However, Kovachevich found sufficient factual
allegations in the complaint to create a triable issue on the
"color of state law" claim under sec. 1983, noting the close
cooperation between Sears and the police department in monitoring
the men's room situation.
Thus, Sears' motion to dismiss the
sec. 1983 and false imprisonment claims was denied.
A.S.L.
Tennessee Appeals Court Finds Prostitution Law Creates Due
Process Problems
While declining to hold that the Tennessee prostitution statute
is void for vagueness per se, the Tennessee Court of Criminal
Appeals ruled in State v. Boyd, 1995 WL 623781 (Oct. 25), that
the lack of definition of "sexual relations" in the statute
created an ambiguity raising due process concerns about the
instant prosecution, where the alleged prostitutes staged a
sexual performance that involved no genital contact with the
"customers" (who were, of course, undercover police officers).
During its deliberations, the jury, confused about how to proceed
under the statute, submitted a question to the court: "Is there a
definition for sexual relations?"
The court's response was: "The
Tennessee legislature has provided no statutory definition for
sexual relations.
It is your duty as jurors to define this."
After their conviction, the defendants claimed on appeal that
there was not sufficient evidence in the record to support a
conviction and that the statute was unconstitutionally vague.
Writing for the court, Judge Welles noted the principle that "if
an offense is not defined so as to afford persons of ordinary
intelligence fair notice of what conduct is prohibited, it
violates due process."
Addressing the factual problem presented
by the case, Welles explained: "There was some contact between
the dancers and between the dancer and the patron, but there was
no touching of the genitals between the dancers and only the
finger of the patron was touched.
The question is whether the
statute gave the dancers adequate warning that their conduct
amounted to `sexual relations.'"
The company that offered this
service continued to operate after these arrests, performing
essentially the same routine, in some cases for other police
officers, with no arrests. "While there is no doubt that the
dancers intend for their act to be sexually arousing and
suggestive of more intimate acts," wrote Welles, "we conclude
that the language of the statute did not give them or anyone else
sufficient warning that those acts would constitute `sexual
relations' such as is prohibited by the prostitution statute."
The court ordered the prostitution convictions reversed and those
charges dismissed (while affirming convictions and sentences
against one of the defendants for drug possession).
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership Notes
The Disney Company announced it will offer health benefits
coverage for same-sex domestic partners of its employees,
effective January 1, following the lead of other major
entertainment companies such as Universal, Paramount, Sony, and
Warner Brothers.
Industry observers predicted that Disney's move
would lead inspire other major employers to follow suit. New York
Times, Oct. 8.
The Associated Press reported that fifteen
Florida state legislators, outraged over the announcement, wrote
to Disney executive Michael Eisner protesting the move. * * * The
University of Denver's trustees voted to extend health insurance
benefit eligibility to same-sex partners of university employees.
Employees will have to pay a premium for the coverage, just as
employees currently pay premiums to insure spouses and opposite-
sex partners.
Rocky Mountain News, Oct. 7.
* * * NYNEX
Corporation, the main provider of local telephone service in the
Northeastern United States, announced to employees in an October
newsletter that it will extend health care and other benefits to
same-sex partners of employees effective January 1.
Opposite-sex
domestic partners are excluded from the program because they have
the opportunity to marry in order to qualify for benefits.
Newsday, Oct. 13. * * * Barnes & Noble Booksellers and all of its
subsidiaries (B. Dalton, Bookstop, Bookstar, Babbages, and
Software ETC) have extended medical and dental coverage,
bereavement leave, and spousal discounts on purchases to domestic
partners of employees, effective September 1, according to an
Internet posting.
A.S.L.
Sixth Circuit Requires Trial of Prison Rape Case
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit reversed a grant of
summary judgment and ordered that the U.S. District Court in
Michigan hold a trial on a claim that the Michigan Department of
Corrections is in violation of the 8th Amendment by not having a
procedural for protecting vulnerable prisoners from rape.
Taylor
v. Michigan Department of Corrections, 1995 WL 625406 (Oct. 26).
Timothy Taylor, a five-foot, 120 pound prisoner with youthful
features and an IQ of 66, was imprisoned for larceny in a minimum
security prison.
The court presentencing report recommended that
prison personnel review an attached evaluation from the Social
Security Administration (concerning Taylor's psychological
disabilities) and carefully review several sources of medical
information on Taylor.
Taylor was initially assigned to a
setting where he had an individual cell.
However, he was
transferred, possibly due to prison space needs, into a
dormitory-type setting where he was housed in a large room with
60 other prisoners, and was raped.
The district court found that
Taylor's complaint had insufficient factual allegations to
present a jury question under Farmer v. Brennan, 114 S.Ct. 1970
(1994), which requires a showing that prison officials "acted or
failed to act despite. . . knowledge of a substantial risk of
serious harm."
In a 2-1 decision, the Circuit panel reversed, finding that
Taylor's allegations raised three jury questions: (1) whether the
warden knew that conditions in the prison system posed a
substantial risk of serious harms to prisoners like Taylor; (2)
whether the warden knew that there was effectively no procedure
in place to protect vulnerable inmates from being transferred
into dangerous conditions; and (3) whether in light of his
knowledge, the warden acted with deliberate indifference in
failing to adopt policies that would protect inmates like Taylor.
The court also held that the district court erred by refusing to
consider a report from a court-appointed expert before deciding
the Corrections Department's motion to dismiss.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Trying to mend fences with the lesbian and gay community,
President Clinton announced on Oct. 19 that his administration
supports passage of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, a bill
pending in Congress that would create a federal ban on sexual
orientation discrimination by employers of fifteen or more
employees.
Some version of ENDA has been pending for a year and
a half.
At hearings on ENDA shortly after its first
introduction, a letter from the Justice Department was submitted
supporting the bill, but this is the first time the White House
has directly announced its support, ironically just a week after
the Supreme Court argument in Romer v. Evans (see above), in
which the Administration decided not to file an amicus brief
after intense internal debate.
* * *
President Clinton's order
establishing uniform guidelines for federal agencies dealing with
security clearances and incidentally barring sexual orientation
discrimination in the security clearance process has been
assigned an official designation: E.O. 12968 (August 7, 1995).
Setting up a court battle over access to lesbian and gay erotica,
the New York City Council approved a measure proposed by Mayor
Rudolph Giuliani's administration that would sharply restrict the
locations where sex-oriented businesses can operate.
Totally
excluded from the permissible areas is the heart of gay Greenwich
Village.
According to a map published in the New York Times on
Oct. 26, half a dozen such businesses located along Christopher
Street and West Street in the West Village will have to relocate
or go out of business.
A small industrial strip along West
Street a few blocks south of Christopher, where no such
businesses are presently located, would be the only place in the
Village for sexually oriented businesses, and the other
businesses located on that site make such relocation unlikely.
Noting that some of the businesses that will be forced to close
are long-established and have aroused no neighborhood complaints,
the New York Civil Liberties Union was expected to file suit
shortly to block the new zoning rules.
Earnest Darden, a non-gay African-American, filed suit against
the Alameda County Network of Mental Health Clients, of which he
was a member from 1992 to early 1995, claiming racial and sexual
orientation discrimination.
Darden v. ACNMHC, 1995 WL 616633
(N.D.Cal., Oct. 4).
Darden claims he was removed from the board
for "advocating better representation of heterosexual minorities
on the board and for resisting the `Gay agenda' that the board
pursued."
In dismissing his claim of sexual orientation
discrimination, District Judge Patel pointed out that federal
laws have been construed not to protect gays from sexual
orientation discrimination; consequently, non-gay people also
lack such protection.
Sharon Bottoms, a lesbian mother, is back in court seeking
custody of her son.
In a petition filed Oct. 26 in Henrico
County Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court, she asserts that
her mother, Kay Bottoms, who was awarded custody by order of the
Virginia Supreme Court, is providing an inferior living
environment for Sharon's son, Tyler Dustou.
Kay has moved into a
trailor home and, alleges Sharon, "has no visible means of
support."
By contrast, Sharon's "living situation has improved
dramatically over the last couple of years.
She has lived in a
stable relationship, in the same place, and she has a job."
Virginian-Pilot, Oct. 27.
College Republicans of Colorado, a group that describes itself as
an "auxiliary" of the Republican National Committee, filed a
lawsuit on Oct. 25 against three Colorado colleges, claiming that
the requirement imposed by the colleges that officially
recognized student groups not discriminate on the basis of sexual
orientation violates the plaintiffs' First Amendment rights of
free speech, debate and assembly.
The defendants are
Metropolitan State College of Denver, Colorado State University,
and the University of Northern Colorado.
The suit is pending in
U.S. District Court in Denver.
In a much-watched trial, a West Palm Beach, Florida, jury
convicted Ronald Knight of first-degree murder, armed robbery and
grand theft enhanced as a hate crime in a case arising from the
murder of Brenden Scott Meehan, a gay man Knight and another
person picked up at a gay dance club with the specific purpose of
robbing and killing a gay man.
Meehan was shot once in the head
and his car, wallet, credit cards, necklace, pager and shoes were
stolen before his body was dumped in a wooded area.
Knight's co-
conspirator, Sean Stephens, pleaded guilty to second-degree
murder and received a ten-year sentence in exchange for
testifying against Knight.
Sun Sentinel, Sept. 30.
California State University at Northridge has authorized creation
of an Institute on Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender
Studies, which will sponsor lectures and roundtable discussions
and provide resources for instructor who wish to incorporate gay
studies into their courses.
Los Angeles Times, Oct. 10.
Kansas City is the site of a federal district court trial over a
decision by the suburban Olathe school board to ban the book,
"Annie On My Mind" from school libraries in the district.
School
Board President Robert Drummond, testifying at the trial as to
his reasons for supporting the ban, said, "I believe what the
Bible says about homosexuality, and the Bible says homosexuality
is a sin."
Drummond characterized the book as glorifying the
homosexual lifestyle.
The school board's vote came when a gay-
advocacy group, Project 21, donated copies of "Annie" and "All-
American Boy" to the Olathe schools in 1993.
School librarians
rejected "All-American Boy" purportedly on literary grounds, but
wanted to accept "Annie."
The A.C.L.U. brought suit on behalf of
several students and their parents who claim their First
Amendment rights were violated by the school board's action.
Wichita Eagle, Sept. 23.
St. Patrick's Day is Coming Again!!
In Irish Lesbian and Gay
Organization v. Bratton, 1995 WL 575330 (S.D.N.Y., Sept. 29),
District Judge Keenan rejected an attempt by ILGO to obtain an
amendment of Judge Keenan's order of last spring denying an
injunction against Police Commissioner Bratton to compel Bratton
to issue ILGO a 5th Avenue parade permit for St. Patrick's Day.
Keenan said there had been no precipitating event, such as a new
refusal of a permit by Bratton, to justify his revisiting the
issues contained in the prior order.
A.S.L.
International Notes
The Toronto Globe & Mail reported Oct. 27 that the Nova Scotia,
Canada, government has changed its definition of spouse to extend
benefits to partners of lesbian and gay civil servants, effective
immediately.
The government took the step in response to a joint
request from the union representing its employees and the Civil
Service Commission.
A poll commissioned by a gay newspaper in the Netherlands reveals
that nearly three-quarters of Dutch adults believe that lesbian
and gay couples should be allowed to marry, according to a
Reuters report that appeared in newspapers on Oct. 8.
The Dutch
Parliament is considering a same-sex marriage proposal. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Anti-gay discrimination in the legal profession receiving
differing treatment of appellate courts.
The 9th Circuit backed
away from a proposal to forbid sexual orientation discrimination
within the circuit's courts, prompting a letter of protest from
the American Bar Association's Governmental Affairs Director,
Robert D. Evans.
But on September 22, the Kentucky Supreme
Court, by contrast, approved new rules effective November 1 that
will require judges in the Kentucky courts to avoid sexual
orientation discrimination in the administration of justice in
the state's courts.
The rule is based on provisions in the ABA's
Model Rules of Judicial Conduct, which include the sexual
orientation provisions.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
First Circuit Rejects Challenge to Safe-Sex School Program
In an important decision about the conflicting rights of parents,
students, and school administrators, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit rejected a challenge by some Chelmsford,
Massachusetts, high school students and their parents to a safer-
sex program presented at the local high school.
The unanimous
ruling in Brown v. Hot, Sexy and Safer Productions, Inc., 1995 WL
610915 (Oct. 23), provides an important precedent for other
schools contemplating presenting such programs.
The case grew out of an April 8, 1992, assembly program at
Chelmsford High School featuring Suzi Landolphi, a safer-sex
educator who, to judge by the court's description, uses smutty
humor and an informal, very sexually explicit approach to
encourage high school students to use barrier contraceptives when
they have sex.
Her program also treats homosexuality as a normal
phenomenon.
Attendance at the program was mandatory for all
students at the school, and no advance notice was given to
parents about the nature of the program.
In their lawsuit, the students and parents claimed that their
constitutional rights had been violated.
The parents argued that
they have a constitutionally protected right to determine what
their children will be exposed to in school, and to protect them
from sexually offensive speech.
They also claimed that requiring
their children to attend the assembly violated their free
exercise of religion.
The students charged that the sexually
explicit atmosphere created by the program constituted "sexual
harassment" in violation of Title IX of the Education Amendments
of 1972, which forbids sex discrimination in schools receiving
federal financial assistance.
The court, in an opinion by Chief
Judge Torruella, rejected all the plaintiffs' arguments.
Although the U.S. Supreme Court has recognized a constitutional
basis for parental rights in cases challenging state attempts to
require public school attendance or forbid private school
instruction in particular subjects, the First Circuit rejected
the argument that such rights extend to the details of public
school curriculum.
"We think it is fundamentally different for
the state to say to a parent, `You can't teach your child German
or send him to a parochial school,' than for the parent to say to
the state, `You can't teach my child subjects that are morally
offensive to me.'. . .
If all parents had a fundamental
constitutional right to dictate individually what the schools
teach their children, the schools would be forced to cater a
curriculum for each student whose parents had genuine moral
disagreements with the school's choice of subject matter."
The
court refused to place such a burden on the public school system.
The court also rejected on similar reasoning the argument that
the students have some sort of constitutional right to be
protected from "offensive speech," or that the school program
violated the free exercise of religion by the students or their
parents.
Parents retain the right to send their children to
private schools under the Supreme Court's precedents, if they
disagree with what is presented in the public schools, but their
ability to affect public school curricula is limited to the
democratic processes of school governance, such as school board
elections.
Turning to the sexual harassment charge, the court rejected the
argument that Landolphi's presentation created "an objectively
hostile environment" on the basis of sex.
Reporting on the
serious introduction that the students were given to Landolphi's
program, the court concluded that "an objective person would
understand that Landolphi's allegedly vulgar sexual commentary
was intended to educate the students about the AIDS virus rather
than to create a sexually hostile environment."
Also, the court
noted the absence of any discrimination on the basis of sex in
Landolphi's presentation, finding that her sexually explicit
comments were directed to all students equally, regardless of
gender.
Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders and the Massachusetts
Civil Liberties Union assisted in defending the school district
in this case.
The plaintiffs, whose litigation is apparently
being financed by the anti-gay Rutherford Institute, indicated
they would seek further review in the U.S. Supreme Court. A.S.L.
New York High Court Rejects Discrimination Claims Against Dental
Care Providers
Ruling unanimously on appeals from two of the appellate
divisions, the New York Court of Appeals held Oct. 24 that dental
care facilities that conditioned treatment of patients believed
to be at risk for AIDS on the use of extraordinary precautions
during the early years of the epidemic had not violated the
state's Human Rights Law.
North Shore University Hospital v.
Rosa, 1995 WL 619789.
Writing for the court, Judge George Bundy
Smith rejected as "not supported by substantial evidence" the
determination by the State Division of Human Rights that the
imposition of extraordinary precautions was discrimination on the
basis of perceived handicap, thus affirming a decision by the
Appellate Division for the 2nd Department reported at 600
N.Y.S.2d 90 (1993).
In the lead case, David Martell, a dental patient at North Shore,
was questioned about risk factors and, despite his denials about
risky behavior, was treated "in an isolated room located at the
end of a dark hallway, with all of the equipment draped in
plastic, a small `x' on the door and the treating physician and
staff outfitted in protective clothing" including face masks,
double gloves and goggles.
While such precautions today might
seem laughably extreme, the court decided that in the context of
1985, when this incident took place, the imposition of such
measures was not unjustified.
According to Smith, North Shore
showed "that at the relevant time, its protocol was reasonable,
medically warranted and consistent with its desire to protect
patients and staff from the spread of infectious diseases."
The
court emphasized that at that time the Centers for Disease
Control had yet to issue its guidelines for infection control in
health care settings.
Considering that during the 1980s many
dentists were refusing outright to treat AIDS patients, the
willingness of North Shore to provide treatment (and State
Division found that Martell was not actually denied treatment),
albeit under extreme precautions, was noteworthy.
In addition to ruling on North Shore's appeal, the court affirmed
without opinion a similar ruling by the Appellate Division for
the 4th Department in Syracuse Community Health Center v. Wendi
A.M., 1995 WL 620100, affirming 604 N.Y.S.2d 406 (1993).
A.S.L.
Uninfected Nurse Collects for Fear and Emotional Distress
The Tennessee Supreme Court affirmed the findings of a Special
Workers Compensation Appeals Panel that a nurse who had suffered
extreme emotional distress after being accidentally exposed to
HIV through a needlestick injury was entitled to a lump-sum
compensation award even though she never tested positive for HIV.
In Stout v. Johnson City Medical Center Hospital, Inc., 1995 WL
599708 (Oct. 11), the court based its opinion on findings that
after Marcia Stout, a critical care nurse, pricked her finger
with a needle that she had just used to anesthetize an HIV+
patient, she became so disturbed that she was unable to continue
to work.
She suffered from severe depression, including daily
crying spells, insomnia, loss of appetite and loss of sex drive,
decreased energy and feelings of hopelessness.
Two psychiatrists
testified to the severity of her impairment.
Her husband
reported his alarm at his wife's condition, including increased
handwashing, sleeplessness, crying, inability to cope,
fearfulness, and difficulty concentrating.
A third psychiatrist,
hired by the employer, found Stout to have a pre-existing
obsessive compulsive disorder and to suffer from mild impairment
from depression.
The employer argued that because the plaintiff
was, after more than one year of negative test results, long past
the time for infection, her impairment had no scientific basis.
The court rejected this argument, stating that the plaintiff was
unable to accept scientific assurances of her HIV negative
status.
"To her, perception is reality," it stated.
Acknowledging that cases dealing with job-related mental
illnesses require a "go-slow approach" because there is so much
uncertainty in the field, the court nevertheless found Stout's
mental illness "clearly" job-related.
It awarded her
compensation based upon a finding of a 62.5% impairment. H.G.U.
D.C. Circuit Finds Consulting Physician Has Limited Duty in HIV-
Transmission Case
A consulting physician hired by a doctor to provide quality
control in reviewing lab tests ordered by the doctor did not
assume the full duties of a physician-patient relationship to all
the doctor's patients, ruled the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals on
Oct. 27 in In re: Sealed Case, 1995 WL 627906.
Mr. B. was a
patient of Doctor who tested HIV+ and then tested negative on a
follow-up test and was told by the doctor that he was not
infected.
However, Mr. B. apparently was infected and
subsequently infected Mrs. B. through sexual intercourse.
Doctor
had retained consultant at a later date to review laboratory
results and bring to Doctor's attention any problems, as well as
making treatment recommendations.
Consultant did review some
later lab tests from Mr. B., and made recommendations to Doctor
based on those tests.
In this suit by Mr. and Mrs. B against
Doctor and Consultant, Mrs. B was appealing the district court's
dismissal of her action against Consultant.
Mrs. B contended
that Consultant, as part of a physician-patient relationship with
Mr. B., had a duty to review Mr. B's full medical file before
making treatment recommendations to Doctor; on reviewing the
file, Consultant would have seen the record of Mr. B's first HIV
test and the fact that he was married and, having such knowledge,
would be under a duty to warn Mrs. B.
The Court of Appeals found
that the Consultant did not have a duty to go beyond his
assignment from the doctor of reviewing specific lab tests
referred to him, and did not have an independent physician-
patient relationship with Mr. B that would impose any greater
duty.
The court refrained from taking a position on whether a
physician has a duty to notify third parties about their
patients' HIV infection, a question not yet decided by the courts
of the District of Columbia, whose substantive law governs this
case.
A.S.L.
Nebraska Court Restores Child to HIV+ Foster Mom
Removing a three and one-half year old child from his foster
parents, due to the foster mother's having AIDS, was not in the
child's best interests, the Nebraska Court of Appeals ruled on
October 3.
In Re John T.; State v. Carraher, 1995 WL 578022.
John had been placed with his foster parents at the age of three
months.
The placement was of the "fos-adopt" variety, in which
the foster placement was expected to lead to adoption by the
foster parents when John was available for adoption.
After
learning that the foster mother was HIV+, the state department of
social services decided that it would be in John's best interest
to place him with a different foster family.
The department's
reasoning was that, in his current placement, John would in all
likelihood watch his foster mother die.
The department thought
it preferable that John be transferred to a "healthy" set of
foster parents.
Medical experts offered conflicting testimony.
Two witnesses
testified that removing John from his foster parents created a
risk of damage to John's personality greater than that of the
"ordinary life event" of a parent's death.
A psychiatric
consultant for the department testified, however, that John's
removal would do him no harm.
Another concern for the consultant
was John's risk of developing schizophrenia, with which at least
one of his biological parents was afflicted.
Observing that the future course of the mother's illness was
speculative, and that death was, in any event, a natural, if
painful, part of the life cycle, the court found it improper to
attempt to save John from one possible tragedy, his mother's
death, by visiting upon him another tragedy, the loss of both his
mother and his father.
The court noted that the mother's
parenting abilities were presently unimpaired, there was no risk
of John's contracting HIV from his mother, and the family was
strongly bonded.
Discussing the mother's failure to disclose her
HIV+ status when the parents originally applied for John's foster
placement, the court held that punishing the parents for the
admitted deception should not be a factor in assessing John's
best interests.
R.M.
NY Appellate Court Affirms Finding that Employer Lawfully
Transferred Worker With HIV
Affirming a finding by the State Division of Human Rights that a
medical college did not violate the human rights law when it
transferred an HIV+ phlebotomist from a patient-contact position
to a position in the billing department, the New York Appellate
Division, 1st Department, noted that record evidence showed the
petitioner had repeatedly violated a work rule requiring that
employees wear gloves on both hands when drawing blood, and that
petitioner failed to show that the employer had knowingly
tolerated violations of this rule by other employees.
Friedel v.
N.Y. State Div. of Hum. Rts., 1995 WL 593091 (Sept. 26).
A.S.L.
Court Orders Supervision of Visitation for Father Married to HIV+
Woman
In D. v K., 1995 WL 574406 (Tenn. App., Sept. 29), the parties
had divorced after the Father had been found to be involved in an
adulterous relationship with a woman who had HIV (whom he later
married).
The parties had agreed that the Mother would have
custody of their two children, who were five year old twins
suffering from some impairment of their immune systems. The
Father agreed that he would have unsupervised visitation outside
the "presence . . . or close proximity. . ." of his current wife,
that the children would not be permitted to sleep in the same bed
which he had used, and that he would submit results of periodic
blood tests to his wife.
This agreement, embodied in the final
decree of divorce, was reached after hearings before a Chancellor
who placed eight restrictions (including those set forth above)
based on the tenuous condition of the children's immune systems
and ". . . the defendant [Father]'s irrational behavior putting
himself at risk."
Shortly after the divorce decree became final, the Mother found
that the children were sleeping with the Father during
visitation, so she hired a private investigator.
The
investigator found that during subsequent visitation, the Father
allowed the children to engage in unsupervised play in the
parking lot of the motel for hours at a time, including
unsupervised play in and around a swimming pool where there was
no adult or lifeguard supervision.
On this basis, and because
the Father had failed to submit results of his blood tests, the
Mother filed a petition for contempt and attorney's fees, and
would not permit the Father to have unsupervised visitation until
her petition was heard.
The Father cross-moved for contempt as a
result of the denial of visitation.
After a hearing, the trial court found both parties in technical
violation of their agreement, denied the Mother's request that
the Father's visitation be supervised, and denied findings of
contempt as to both parties and attorneys fees for the mother.
At issue in the Mother's appeal was whether the evidence 1)
"preponderate[d]" against a finding of contempt against the
mother, 2) "preponderate[d]" against the trial court's finding
that the Father's visitation should not be supervised and 3)
whether the Mother was entitled to attorneys' fees.
The appellate court found that the Mother was in contempt for not
allowing unsupervised visitation pursuant to the final divorce
decree, but, after noting that no sanction was imposed for this
"technical violation," found in the Mother's favor on the
remaining two issues.
The trial court found that the Father had
given the children unsupervised run of the premises, which were
within 100 yards of an interstate ramp, in a nearby restaurant
parking lot, and in and around the motel pool.
The Father's
testimony at trial indicated that he could not understand what
the problem was.
The Court of Appeals found that in "this day
and age of child abductions and the like" and "considering
potential problems associated with the children's
immunodeficiency," the Father's "conduct and attitude" was
"totally unacceptable" and vacated the trial court's
determination that third party supervision was unnecessary and
unfeasible.
Third party supervision of the Father's visitation
would be required until further court order, or agreement of the
parties. In light of this ruling, the award of attorney's fees to
the wife was no surprise. S.K.
Litigation Settlement Will Change N.Y. Policy on HIV-Testing of
Newborns
Under the terms of a settlement agreement in Baby Girl Doe v.
Pataki, No. 10661-95 (N.Y. Sup. Ct., N.Y. Co.), announced Oct.
10, the administration of New York Governor George Pataki has
agreed to promulgate regulations and guidelines that will change
procedures governing HIV-testing of newborn infants in the state.
Presently, all newborns are tested for HIV anonymously, with the
results used only for epidemiological analysis.
The Association
to Benefit Children, a non-profit organization, brought suit on
behalf of infant children in New York State, seeking a policy
change to mandate disclosing test results to the mothers of
newborns.
A New York statute, Public Health Law Article 27-F,
requires informed consent for all HIV-testing (with narrow
legislatively specified exceptions) and that test results be
treated with strict confidentiality.
Legislation has been
introduced and passed by the state Senate, but blocked in the
Assembly, that would accomplish what the Association sought in
its lawsuit.
Attorney General Dennis Vacco's office negotiated the settlement
agreement with the Association (which was assisted by volunteer
counsel Colin Crawford of Brooklyn Law School and Margaret A.
Keane of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae).
The following changes
(which the parties assert will not require modification of
Article 27-F) will be made to current procedures.
First, all
pregnant women who come into contact with health care facilities
for prenatal care will be counselled and encouraged to submit
voluntarily to HIV-testing, with the goal of trying to prevent
transmission of HIV to their offspring in utero by AZT treatment
during pregnancy.
(Experimental results suggest that the
likelihood of HIV transmission during pregnancy is significantly
reduced by AZT therapy, although the studies are controversial on
the issue of side-effects of such therapy on mother and newborn.)
Second, upon giving birth, new mothers will be counselled about
HIV testing for their newborns and offered a consent form.
If
they consent, a test will be performed by the quickest means
available and results reported back to them through their
doctors.
The state also agrees to establish a mechanism for
ensuring appropriate treatment in case of positive tests
(although neither the agreement nor the Governor's press release
specifies how such treatment will be funded for indigent mothers
and infants).
The written agreement is somewhat ambiguous on
what happens if the mother specifically declines consent.
However, it provides that a doctor "shall determine whether the
presence of one or more risk factors constitutes an emergency
that requires an HIV test to be performed on the infant."
Thus,
it appears that obtaining written consent from a mother may be an
unnecessary formality if the doctor determines that the infant
comes from a group perceived as being "at risk" for AIDS.
In announcing the settlement, both the Association and the
Governor's office emphasized that their agreement did not commit
the state to mandatory testing of newborns without their mothers'
consent.
However, the provision on "emergency" testing might be
interpreted to establish "de facto" mandatory testing for infants
born in hospitals that serve largely racial minority populations.
Any conclusions on this score must await publication of proposed
regulations and guidelines, which will be subject to public
comment before they can go into effect.
It seemed likely that
any scheme providing a significant loophole in the consent
requirement would attract litigation from groups concerned with
civil liberties issues around HIV testing.
Assemblymember Nettie Mayersohn, sponsor of the newborn testing
bill, announced her dissatisfaction with the settlement and
indicated she would reintroduce her bill at the next legislative
session.
Governor Pataki indicated he would sign it if it passed
the legislature, expressing frustration at being blocked by
Article 27-F from agreeing to all of the Association's litigation
demands.
A.S.L.
Federal Magistrate Approves Settlement of Privacy Claim Against
New York City
The City of New York settled a lawsuit brought by four members of
a family, three of whom were minors, after various agencies and
officials violated the family's constitutional and state-law
rights by disclosing confidential HIV-related information about
the family.
Since at the time of settlement two of the
plaintiffs were still minors, U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael H.
Dolinger was called upon to approve the settlement in an infants'
compromise proceeding.
Doe v. New York City Dept. of Social
Services, 1995 WL 619864 (S.D.N.Y., Oct. 23).
In their suit, the plaintiffs alleged that the New York City
Child Welfare Administration and the Police Department had
improperly disclosed the HIV status of members of the plaintiffs'
family to other employees of the agencies and to other residents
in the building where plaintiffs lived.
The settlement involves
a lump sum payment of $25,000.00, which will be divided equally
among the three plaintiff children.
The fourth plaintiff, who
was the mother of the children, is deceased.
Judge Dolinger
noted in his ruling that the City had strengthened its policies
and training regarding HIV disclosure since this case was filed.
He also noted that since one plaintiff had died and one of the
children was diagnosed with AIDS, a delay caused by taking the
case to trial would not be in the best interests of the minor
children.
Judge Dolinger found the proposed settlement terms to
be reasonable and concluded that they adequately protected the
interests of the children
T.V.L.
Texas Appeals Court Upholds Conviction for Showing Gay Safe Sex
Video on Cable Television
The Texas Court of Appeals in Austin has upheld prison terms of
180 days and fines of $2,000 for the producer and on-screen
presenter of a cable television program titled "Infosex"
broadcast between midnight and 2:00 a.m. on Austin Community
Television Cable's public access channel.
The defendants in Rees
v. State and Johnson v. State, 1995 WL 608150 (Oct. 18), were
convicted of "promotion of obscenity" based on the exhibition of
a short sex film titled "Midnight Snack," which Gareth Rees, the
on-screen presenter, described to viewers as a film produced by
Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York.
As described in the
indictment, the unlawful item is a "video tape depicting a man
with the penis of another man in his mouth, a man placing his
finger in the anus of another, a man licking with his tongue the
anus of another and two men masturbating each other."
The
defendants were convicted by a jury, but were acquitted of a
companion charge of "harmful display of obscene material to
minors."
On appeal, the defendants claim the trial court erred by failing
to consider "Midnight Snack" in the context of the entire Infosex
program.
Justice Dally's opinion for the court summarizes the
entire content of the two-hour broadcast, which sounds like a
program produced to make safe sex attractive and erotic for gay
men.
Harking back to language in some of the U.S. Supreme
Court's obscenity cases, the defendants argued that the
individual video could not be judged in isolation, but rather the
entire Infosex program had to be judged "as a whole," and could
not be found obscene due to its educational value for viewers.
The Texas appeals court disagreed, noting that some cases had
held that individual articles or photographs unrelated to other
content in the same periodical, for example, could be found
obscene, and thus that each segment of the Infosex program could
be separately judged.
Finding that the trial court had properly
instructed the jury, and that the content of Midnight Snack came
within the broad parameters of obscenity as described in the
Supreme Court's Miller v. California (1973) doctrine, the court
upheld the sentences.
The opinion reflects no consideration
whatsoever of public health concerns about AIDS, treating any
such concerns as mere pretexts to justify the broadcast of a
sexually explicit gay video. A.S.L.
Knowledge That AIDS Inevitably Results From HIV Is Required To
Toll Federal Tort Statute Of Limitations
In Beckley v. U.S., 1995 WL 590658 (S.D.N.Y., Oct. 5), U.S.
District Judge Kimba Wood held that in order to begin tolling a
statute of limitations for a claim of HIV infection under the
Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U.S.C. sec. 1346(b), 2671-80, the
claimant must be aware of definitive medical knowledge that AIDS
inevitably results from HIV.
In denying the government's summary
judgment motion against Richard Beckley, who claims he was
infected with HIV through a blood transfusion at a public
hospital, Judge Wood rejected the government's argument that Mr.
Beckley was barred by the statute of limitations because he filed
his claim over three years after he discovered he was HIV-
positive.
Beckley received ten blood transfusions at the Bronx Veterans
Hospital in July and August 1984 and tested positive for HIV in
February 1988.
Although at the time of his HIV test Beckley had
reason to suspect that he was infected with HIV through the
transfusions at the Bronx Veteran's Hospital, he did not then
file a claim against the government.
After learning of similar
lawsuits initiated by individuals who were infected with HIV in
the mid-1980s, Beckley filed an administrative claim against the
hospital with the Department of Veteran's Affairs on July 26,
1991.
After this claim was denied, he filed the present lawsuit.
The government argued that because Beckley did not file an
administrative claim until July 1991, nearly three and a half
years after his HIV test, his claim was barred by a two-year
statute of limitations.
The court acknowledged that Beckley
became aware of his HIV-injury in February 1988, but further
maintained that Beckley did not necessarily become aware of his
AIDS-injury at that time, observing that 1988 medical knowledge
was insufficient for Beckley to conclude that he would inevitably
contract AIDS from his HIV infection.
The court emphasized,
however, that its opinion does not hold that Beckley's cause of
action did not accrue until he actually acquired AIDS.
Rather,
the court found that, based on the evidence presented, it could
not "determine either the time when the medical community knew
with reasonable certainty that AIDS would result from an HIV
infection, or the time when a layman such as Beckley could have
discovered that in all probability he would contract AIDS."
Therefore, because an issue of material fact existed as to when
the statute of limitation began to toll, the court denied summary
judgment.
P.J.H.
Federal Court Dismisses Pendent State Privacy Claim in AIDS
Discrimination Litigation
In Doe v. Montgomery Hospital, 1995 WL 622887 (E.D.Pa., Oct. 18),
the federal district court ruled that state tort claims against a
hairstylist who spread information about the plaintiff's HIV
status, allegedly resulting in the plaintiff's loss of his job
and causing him extreme emotional distress, could not be appended
to a federal discrimination claim (under the Americans with
Disabilities Act) against the hospital where the plaintiff was
receiving medical treatment, even though it was allegedly a
breach of privacy by the hospital that led the hairstylist to
obtain this information.
"John Doe" went to Montgomery Hospital for treatment for two
broken wrists sustained when he was mugged.
He informed the
doctor and nurse that he was HIV+, and claims that as a result of
this revelation he received discriminatory treatment.
He also
alleges that hospital staff members failed to treat this
information about his HIV status as confidential, and that an
unidentified nurse told one Anne Venezia (named as a
codefendant), a hairstylist who is not employed by the hospital,
who thereafter told her boyfriend and "the public at large,"
resulting in injuries to Doe.
Venezia moved to have the state
tort claims against her dismissed, both on jurisdictional and
substantive (failure to state a claim) grounds.
District Judge Kelly acknowledged that there were common issues
of fact in the state law tort claims against the hospital and
against Venezia, but concluded that there were no common issues
of fact as to the ADA claim, so the court's supplementary
jurisdiction would be limited to those state tort claims asserted
against the hospital.
Having disposed of the case on
jurisdictional grounds, Kelly refrained from ruling on whether
Doe had stated a valid claim against Venezia under state law.
A.S.L.
New York Court Rejects Time-Bar Argument in Transfusion-AIDS
Litigation
In an unpublished decision recently reported by Westlaw, Otero v.
Presbyterian Hospital, 1995 WL 542504 (June 26), Justice Anne E.
Targum, New York Supreme Court, Bronx County, refused to dismiss
a lawsuit against Presbyterian Hospital and Montefiore Medical
Center arising from the death of the plaintiff's son, Wilfredo
Otero, from AIDS.
Otero, born with sickle cell disease, received
numerous blood transfusions at Montefiore beginning in September
1982 and continuing until he ceased treatment there late in 1992
after doctors informed his mother that he had contracted
hepatitis from a contaminated blood transfusion.
In 1987, as a
result of a "lookback program," the Oteros were informed that
Wilfredo had been exposed to HIV in a 1983 transfusion.
Wilfredo
died in January of 1993, and this action was filed in December of
that year.
Moving to dismiss the negligence action on statute of
limitation grounds, Montefiore argued that the time to file suit
ran three years after Wilfredo was informed by the hospital in
1987 about his HIV exposure.
Justice Targum denied all pending
motions, ordering expansive discovery, and noting that New York
courts have afforded considerable flexibility to transfusion-AIDS
plaintiffs to conduct discovery necessary to support the legal
theories in their cases.
She also noted that New York courts
have previously allowed such plaintiffs to calculate their time
to sue from the development of AIDS symptoms rather than from the
time they learned of their HIV infection.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
Sen. Jesse Helms (R.-N.C.) got more than he bargained for when he
wrote to syndicated columnist Ann Lander to protest the assertion
in a previous Ann Landers column that he wanted to "reduce
federal AIDS funding" and that he "vigorously support[s] taxpayer
subsidies for the tobacco industries."
Replying in a column
published in the Chicago Tribune on October 15, Landers
characterized Helms's statements about the origin of AIDS as
"patently incorrect," and cited chapter and verse on various
Helms amendments intended to reduce funding for AIDS prevention
and treatment.
"Sen. Helms, are you aware that AIDS is the
leading killer of Americans from 25 to 44 years of age?" she
wrote.
"It will account for more than 40,000 deaths in 1995.
AIDS kills the youngest and most talented and productive members
of our society.
Fifteen years ago, no one had heard of AIDS.
It
grew from zero reported deaths in 1980 to being the eighth
leading cause of death in 1992.
People with AIDS have lost their
jobs, their health insurance and their homes.
Please remember
these chilling facts the next time a vote for AIDS funding comes
along."
A junior high school health teacher in Union County, South
Carolina, has been suspended and placed on probation for showing
the film "Philadelphia" as part of an AIDS education lesson
without obtaining advanced approval from school administrators.
Columbia State, Oct. 22.
The school superintendent said the
action was taken after complaints from parents at a school board
meeting that they had not been given the option of refusing
consent for their children to view the film, which they
characterized as "vulgar and favoring a homosexual lifestyle."
(The film centers on a gay lawyer with AIDS who is discharged by
his firm and sues for discrimination; the lawyer dies in the
end.)
A.S.L.
Mark LaBonte, a healthy uninfected gay man whose partner has
AIDS, is suing Minnesota Mutual Life Insurance Co. for refusing
to sell him a life insurance policy.
San Francisco Examiner,
Oct. 24.
The suit, filed Oct. 23 in San Francisco Superior
Court, alleges violations of the California Unruh Civil Rights
Act, the California Insurance Code, and the Americans With
Disabilities Act, according to LaBonte's lawyer, prominent San
Francisco gay litigator Paul Wotman.
LaBonte had applied for a
$150,000 policy, and tested negative for HIV on the test required
by the insurer.
LaBonte alleges that the insurer misconstrued
notes by his doctor on his medical records to indicate that he
was engaging in unsafe sex with his partner, and refused to
accept his explanation that the notes were incorrect.
At last, some common sense on spitting!
Martin County, Florida,
Judge David Harper threw out an attempted murder charge against a
homeless man who spit on a store manager while being accused of
shoplifting and later told police that he was HIV+.
Harper
commented that he suspected "there was some crime committed, but
from what I saw, I couldn't find (probable cause) for attempted
murder," reported the Palm Beach Post, Oct. 3.
However, Harper
said he would reconsider if prosecutors could come up with case
law or medical evidence showing that spitting can transmit HIV.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENT
DEADLINE EXTENDED FOR LEGAL DIRECTORY.
The deadline has been
extended for those seeking to be listed in the Lesbian & Gay
Legal Resource Guide and Attorney Directory, to be published by
the National Educational Foundation for Individual Rights.
More
than 2,000 attorneys have already submitted their directory
information for inclusion.
If you are interested in being
listed, send your name, firm name (if any), address, phone
number, fax number, e-mail address, and areas of practice, in a
signed letter authorizing publication, to: Legal Directory, c/o
Peter Kearns, 630 Alvarado St., #205, San Francisco, CA 94114.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Arriola, Elvia R., Faeries, Marimachas, Queens, and Lezzies: The
Construction of Homosexuality Before the 1969 Stonewall Riots, 5
Col. J. Gender & L. 33 (1995).
Healy, Patrick, Statutory Prohibitions and the Regulation of New
Reproductive Technologies under Federal Law in Canada, 40 McGill
L.J. 905 (Aug. 1995).
Itzin, Catherine, Pornography, Harm and Human Rights -- The
European Context, 16 Tolley's J. Media L. & Prac. 107 (1995).
McTeer, Maureen A., A Role for Law in Matters of Morality, 40
McGill L.J. 893 (Aug. 1995).
Valdes, Francisco, Queers, Sissies, Dykes, and Tomboys:
Deconstructing the Conflation of "Sex," "Gender," and "Sexual
Orientation" in Euro-American Law and Society, 83 Cal. L. Rev. 1
(Jan. 1995) (378 article to be published in book form next year).
Wilets, James D., The Human Rights of Sexual Minorities, 22 Hum.
Rts. (ABA) No. 4, 22 (Fall 1995).
Book Reviews:
Bowley, Martin, Didi Herman: Rights of Passage: Struggles for
Lesbian and Gay Equality, 22 J. L. & Society (UK) 426 (Sept.
1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Deitrich, Jonathan, The Lessons of the Law: Same-Sex Marriage and
Baehr v. Lewin, 78 Marquette L. Rev. 121 (Fall 1994).
Eckel, Kelly D., Legitimate Limitation of a Landlord's Rights --
A New Dawn for Unmarried Cohabitants, 68 Temple L. Rev. 811
(Summer 1995).
Huelster, Pamela A., Cybersex and Community Standards, 75 Boston
U. L. Rev. 865 (May 1995).
Joseph, Sarah, Toonen v. Australia: Gay Rights Under the ICCPR,
13 U. Tasmania L. Rev. 392 (Oct. 1994).
Mendenhall, Lawrence Kent, Misters Korematsu and Steffan: The
Japanese Internment and the Military's Ban on Gays in the Armed
Forces, 70 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 196 (April 1995).
O'Callaghan, William, Cameras in the Restroom: Police
Surveillance and the Fourth Amendment, 22 Hastings Const. L. Q.
867 (Spring 1995).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Lee, Elaine, Lee Woon Shiu & Margaret Law Yuh Tyng, Law and
Medicine: AIDS and the Law, Singapore L. Rev. No. 259/06/94, 213-
243.
Shelton, Deborah L., AIDS Orphans: The Forgotten Victims, 22 Hum.
Rts. (ABA) No. 4, 18 (Fall 1995).
Specially Noted:
In an op-ed article published in the New York Times on Oct. 26,
John Marshall Law School Professor Michael Closen harshly
criticizes the Supreme Court for having refused to grant review
in any case presenting AIDS legal issues.
Closen notes that at
least half a dozen significant AIDS legal issues have been
presented to the Court for review, but it has routinely denied
certiorari.
(To date, the only significant Supreme Court ruling
on AIDS is the by-product of a Rehabilitation Act case from 1987
in which the Court held that a discharged public school teacher
with tuberculosis had stated a claim of handicap discrimination;
the decision provided the doctrinal underpinning for protecting
people with HIV/AIDS from discrimination, but the court pointedly
refrained from directly addressing AIDS issues raised in amicus
briefs on both sides of the case.)
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All
comments in Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.