http://www.dignitysd.org/privacy_policy
Dignity/SD
donate to dignity
home
about dignity
»our history
»our mission
»bylaws
»contact us
»in memoriam
location
»ada accessibility
calendar
resources
»weddings
»bulletin announcements
»privacy policy
»photo galleries
»ministry schedule
»homilies
member login
donate
membership
livestream
podcast
newsletters
homeabout usour historyour missionboard of directorsbylawscontact usmembershipin memoriamlocationada accessibilitycalendardaily readingsresourcesweddingshomiliesbulletin announcementsprivacy policyministry schedulephoto galleriesapologetics
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy || Dignity/SD
Dignity/SD ("us", "we" and "our"), provides this on line privacy statement for the benefit of users of this site. The following discloses our information collection, use and disclosure practices for this website. This statement does not address information obtained off line.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our privacy policy is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the personal information you provide. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Information Is Collected?
Information You Provide to Us:  We collect any information you enter on our site. This may include your name, your physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, cell phone number, and any other information you may provide to us. You may choose not to provide certain information.
Automatic Information:  When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. This site, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to our site.
"Cookies":  Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies.
How and When the Information Is Used
Dignity/SD may use the information it collects for, among other things, (1) to further the mission of Dignity/SD; (2) to send other documents including, but not limited to, thank you notes, tax receipts, newsletters; (3) to contact members when necessary; and (4) to publish schedules and other documents.
Dignity/SD will not disclose the information it collects except for the following reasons: to respond to a judicial request for information, to law enforcement or other administrative agencies in connection with an investigation to public safety or otherwise permitted or required by law.
How We Protect Your Information
The privacy and protection of your information is important to us. We do not make any personal information available to third parties without your permission.
Who Has Access to the Information?
Information about our users is important to us. Except as provided herein, we will not disclose any individually identifiable information to any third party without first receiving that user&rsquo;s permission.
Methods We Use to Protect Your Information
We use security software to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons
Children
This website does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 nor do we provide services or sell products to children under the age of 13. [If you are under 13, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.]
Consent and Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you would like to access your information in our database(s), or remove yourself from our database(s) you can contact:
By Mail:
Dignity/SD
PO Box 33367
San Diego CA 92163-3367
By E-Mail:
info@dignitysd.org
By Phone:
(619) 645-8240
Changes to Privacy Policy
If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to our website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 3, 2016
MORE INFORMATION
Just in case you didn't find it other places
advertisement
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Stay in touch with Dignity/SD
connect with us
home
about dignity
our history
our mission
bylaws
contact us
membership
in memoriam
location
ada accessibility
calendar
resources
weddings
bulletin blurbs
photo galleries
ministry schedule
apologetics
dignity/sd © 1972-2020
all rights reserved
admin || privacy || cookies
website design by consilium media
powered by buildit! 3.0