http://www.mwortmanlaw.com/privacy-policy/
(816) 523-6100
Menu
Home
Attorney Profile
Legal Services
Fees & Costs
Reviews
FAQ
Resources
Blog
Contact Us
Knowledge. Integrity. Experience.
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Mark A. Wortman, Attorney at Law, LC (“we” or "us"). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies. Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads. Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes. Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below. Last modified. November 28, 2018
Mark A. Wortman
Kansas City family law attorney Mark A. Wortman handles only divorce and family law matters, and practices only in the State of Missouri. Due to this specialty, Mark has handled thousands of Missouri divorce and family cases and has practiced extensi…
Read More
Practice Areas
Divorce
Uncontested Divorce
Spousal Support
Child Custody
Missouri Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act
Child Support
Child Support When a Child is in College
Property Division
Modification of Decrees
Contempt of Court / Enforcement of Decrees
Legal Separation
Annulment
Rights of the Unwed / Cohabitation Rights
Paternity
Non-Paternity
Recent Blog Posts
Nov
17
The Difference Between Legal Separation and Divorce
November 17th, 2020
People who are thinking about filing for divorce in Missouri should consider their options very carefully. A divorce ends the marriage relationship forever. For some couples going through difficulties in their marriage, the finality of divorce might…
Read More
Sep
16
Relocating Children After a Missouri Divorce
September 16th, 2020
When a court in Missouri grants a divorce involving a minor child or children, it must determine that all of the provisions of the divorce affecting the children are in the children’s best interests. This often includes a custody order giving both…
Read More
Read More From Our Blog
Contact Us
Name:*
First
Phone Number:E-mail Address:*
Message:CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Mark A. Wortman, Attorney at Law, LC
9229 Ward Parkway, Suite 255
Kansas City, Missouri 64114
Phone:
(816) 523-6100
Fax:
(816) 523-6106
Email:
© 2020 Mark A. Wortman, Attorney at Law, LC View Our Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Law Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Mark A. Wortman, Attorney at Law, LC
phonePhone
location_onMap
emailEmail
closeClose
We are an Essential Services business and remain fully operational. Here’s how:
We hope everyone is staying safe during these unprecedented times. Our office is taking the following steps to continue be able to safely serve our clients and keep cases running smoothly:
• Consultations/meetings are easily conducted by telephone and video conference;
• No consultation fees for video or telephone consultations;
• We are flexible in scheduling consultations/meetings at all times, including evenings and weekends;
• Payment plans are currently available for all cases;
• All case filings are electronic and can still be filed and maintained in the same manner as we have always done;
• Client communication will not be affected, as we maintain a nationwide client base and in doing so we have always been highly accessible via phone, text, email, and video conference;
• Any case can be filed and maintained with no in-person meetings as may be necessary.
• As an Essential Services business, in person meetings are permitted when necessary, and heightened health, safety, and social distancing measures are in place in the building and office.
Please feel free to call or email us anytime, as we are happy to assist with your family law matters.
Thank you and stay safe!
-Mark A. Wortman
CLOSE