https://www.mercyhighschool.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Mercy High School respects the privacy of all visitors to our web site, www.mercyhighschool.com, as well as those who complete online forms, subscribe to our electronic communications, and/or support Mercy High School with time, treasure and talent. Only personal information submitted voluntarily through our web site and/or electronic communications is collected. This information includes name, address, phone number, email address, etc. We will never sell, rent, lease or otherwise use personal information collected by any means.
Some links on Mercy High School’s web site will take you to the web site of another party and we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site. Mercy High School is not responsible for the privacy policy of any other web site. This privacy policy only applies to information collected while on the Mercy High School's web site or through its electronic communications.
Donor Policy
Mercy High School will not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
This policy is comprehensive and applies to both online and offline donors.
Cookies
This web site may use cookies in order to customize your online experience. Cookies are used to manage your browsing session while on the web site (e.g., to keep you “logged in” as you move from page to page if you have logged in). Cookies may be used for the purpose of tracking page visits and other aggregate site statistics. These cookies do NOT contain any identifiable personal information and are only used to improve the functionality of our site, and to enhance your experience while on our site.
Copyright
Text, images, videos, documents, and any other electronic materials and media available on Mercy High School’s web site are available as a resource to the public and are the sole property of Mercy High School. They are protected by copyright. The reproduction, redistribution, and/or exploitation of any of these materials are prohibited without express, written consent from Mercy High School.
All users agree that all content and data, particularly any telephone numbers, email addresses, postal addresses, or other information contained in the directories of the web site, is restricted to the personal use of authorized visitors only. The commercial use of information in this web site is strictly prohibited. Users agree not to copy, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials.
Mercy High School reserves the right to limit, restrict, or terminate the use of the web site by any individual person or party, with or without notice at any time.
If you have any questions, please contact us at information@mercyhighschool.com.
October 22, 2015