https://www.totallylegal.com/staticpages/10281/cookie-notice/
This website uses cookies to improve service and deliver a personalised user experience. By using this site, you agree to our cookie policy
Dismiss
Skip to main content
x
Totally Legal
FREE - On the Play Store
View
-->
Cookie Notice
Cookie Notice
We are Reach Work Ltd, a portfolio of specialist jobs sites (TotallyLegal, SecsintheCity, GAAPweb and TotallyExec).
In this notice we will refer to the mobile application App and use the term Site to refer to our website.
Like most websites and mobile applications, we use automatic data collection technology when you visit our Site or use our App.  This notice explains how we use  “cookies” and other related technologies and how you can manage the behaviour of these cookies.
There is a detailed description of how we use the data we collect in our Privacy Policy [please read here].
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent from a website to your web browser. They are stored in your web browser’s cache and allow a website or a third party to recognise your browser or mobile device.  Mobile devices and browsers can be shared by a number of people, so cookies are not always wholly related to individuals.
We use three major types of cookies:
Analytics Cookies hold information as you view different pages of the website and help us to build up a profile of how our audience use the website. They help us to make the website work as efficiently as possible and provide better jobs and services in the future.  We may also use analytics cookies to measure the effectiveness of advertising on the Site and the App.
Personalisation and Service Cookies remember your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.  They remember your registration and login details and your settings and preferences.  They are used to ensure you don’t have to login every time you use your browser to apply for jobs and to ensure interactive services work effectively.  They are also used to recommend content we think you'll be interested in, based on what you've looked at before.
Advertising Cookies are placed by us to deliver more relevant job adverts.
These cookies may gather information about your browsing activity on our site. They allow us to show more relevant ads.  Advertising Cookies are usually stored until you delete them or they expire based on the time period set in each cookie, which is normally around 30 days.
If you opt out of Advertising cookies, you are not opting out of seeing advertising.   You will still see adverts.  They just may not be as relevant to you and your job search.  See Managing your cookie preferences below for more information about “opting out”.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies there are similar technologies that may be used by the Site and the App. These include:
Web beacons: These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to understand browsing activity. Web beacons are invisible when you open a web page.
UTM codes: These are strings that can appear in a web address when a user moves from one web page or website to another.  The string can represent information about browsing, such as which advertisement or publisher sent the user to the receiving website.
Managing your cookie preferences
Most web browsers will allow you to turn off cookies. Have a look at your web browsers Settings or Help menu to find out how this is done.  However, please be aware that switching off cookies may affect the way the Site operates and adversely affect the quality of your experience on the website.
Alternatively, you can decline to receive interest based advertising at http://youronlinechoices.eu. You can find a description of some of the First Party, Advertising and Third Party Cookies used by Reach Work Ltd in our Cookie Technologies List below .
Contact us
If you have questions or comments about the use of Cookie technologies at Reach Work Ltd, please email us at dataprotection@reachplc.com.
This Cookies and related technologies policy was published on 24 May 2018.
Cookie Technologies List
The lists below show the First and Third Party cookies we use on Reach Work Ltd sites.
First Party Cookies
The following list contains the first party cookies placed by the site.  First Party cookies are cookies we place in the browser.
Reach Work Ltd sites are powered by Madgex Job Board software. Madgex’s job board system uses cookies to facilitate certain website features, user authentication and tracking, but no personal information is stored in these cookies. Statistical information relating to user activity (views, applications, application rates etc.) is stored in the system until manually removed, but this does not contain nor is linked to any personal information. Any requirement to remove statistical information from the system is handled on request.
Marketing and Third Party Service Cookies
Fresh Relevance: Real time on site personalisation to deliver relevant job recommendations
https://www.freshrelevance.com/privacy-policy
Advertising Cookies
Doubleclick Advertising:
http://www.google.com/doubleclick/privacy/