http://www.verticalradio.org/about-us/privacy/
Privacy – Vertical Radio Home
Vertical Radio Home
Vertical Radio is on 24/7 online
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Listen Now
Give Now
Donate Online
On Air
Sports
Interactive
Prayer Requests
Links
About Us
Get To Know Us
Contact Us
Public File
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Vertical Radio is very sensitive to privacy issues. We respect your right to privacy and feel it is important for you to know how we handle the information we receive from you via the Internet.
Protecting Your Confidential Information
We have taken precautionary measures to make all information received from our online visitors and donors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. We do not sell or share your information to organizations outside of our Vertical Radio family. However, it may be necessary for us to provide your information to contracted external partners. They may only use the information provided for the specified use and project.
Your Online Preferences
Vertical Radio uses “cookie” technology to obtain preference information from our online visitors, especially the settings of the streaming player. You may disable your cookie information by adjusting your browser preferences on your personal computer at any time. Keep in mind that cookies do not identify a specific user and are not used to collect any personal information. In order to provide the best possible service and relevant information to you, we use cookies to:
– Track resources and data accessed on the site per visitor
– Record general site statistics and activity
– Assist users experiencing Web site problems
Your Data is Safe
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
General Email Communications
You should also know that unless otherwise noted, the email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It is possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed inappropriately by another Internet user while in transit to us. If you wish to keep your information completely private, you should not use email.
We may send email communications to you related to your inquiries.
Other Online Communications
Vertical Radio may begin to send an electronic newsletters on a periodic basis to various individuals and organizations. To opt-out of the electronic newsletter you’re receiving, email Vertical Radio with the specific communication.
Search
Listen OnlineListen NOW to our live streamNew Artist
Elle Limebear - "What Love Looks Like"
Watch the Official Music VideoVertical Radio New Additions1. "Still Rolling Stones" - Lauren Diagle2. "The Way" - Dan Bremnes 3. "This Could Change Everything" - Francesca Battistelli 4. "God is Good" - KJ-52(Click Songs to Watch)Life 101Do not worry about your life, what you will eat; or about your body, what you will wear. For life is more than food, and the body more than clothes.Luke 12:22b-23
Privacy
Contest Rules
Right Caller Specific Material Terms
Sporty free WordPress Sports Theme
Powered By WordPress