https://www.fastcase.com/privacy-policy/
About
Support & Tutorials
Contact
Coverage
Bar Associations
NextChapter
Bookstore
Login
Pricing
Free Trial
Menu
Login
Pricing
Free Trial
About
Support & Tutorials
Contact
Coverage
Bar Associations
NextChapter
Bookstore
Privacy Policy
Fastcase, Inc. takes privacy issues seriously, and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the Fastcase websites, located at www.fastcase.com and www.plol.org (the “Websites”), mobile application, and web product (the “Product”), as well as through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Information you provide us
Registration Information: When you sign up for an account, you provide us with information, including:
Name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Payment card information
Occupation, title, and company
We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your information may be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support Team or send us a message, we will receive your name, email address, state of residence, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide
Information We Collect Automatically From Your Use of the Services
When you use our Services, we and our third party service providers may collect information from you through automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, user behavior, and web server logs. By using the Services, you consent to the placement of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies in your browser and on emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The information collected in this manner includes IP address, browser characteristics, device IDs and characteristics, operating system version, language preferences, referring URLs, and information about the usage of our Services.
We may use this information, for example, to ensure that the Services function properly, to determine how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters, or to prevent fraud. We use IP address to derive your approximate location.
We work with analytics and user-behavior providers such as Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information:
To operate, maintain, enhance and provide features of the Services, to provide services and information that you request, to fulfill your purchase, to respond to comments and questions, and otherwise to provide support to users.
To understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Services, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
To contact you for administrative and informational purposes. This may include providing customer service or sending communications, including changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, or other information.
For marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest.
To personalize your experience on the Services by presenting products and offers tailored to you.
For our business purposes, such as account verification, audits, security, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, fraud monitoring and prevention.
To enforce our Terms of Service or other legal rights.
How We Share Your Information
Your information may be disclosed:
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
To our advertising and marketing partners in order to promote our Services, including joint marketing partners and affiliates.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services, based on information relating to your access and use of the Services and other websites or online services. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). To learn more about this practices, and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info, or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
We may use and disclose information that does not identify or otherwise relate to an individual for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Your Choices
From time to time, we send marketing e-mail messages to our users. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going forward basis, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link provided in each such email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@fastcase.com, or by writing to us at the following address:
Fastcase, Inc.
711 D Street NW, Suite 200
Washington, DC 20004
Use of Services by Minors
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that they not provide personal information through the Services.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@fastcase.com or:
Fastcase, Inc.
Attn: Webmaster
711 D Street NW, Suite 200
Washington, DC 20004
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
#1 Legal Research App
Winner of the prestigious American Association of Law Libraries (New Product) Award, Fastcase for iOS, Android, and
Windows Phone is used by more attorneys than any other legal app according to the ABA. Anyone may use the app for free
to access Fastcase's comprehensive legal research database on the go.
Sign up for a free daylong trial of our premium service, with unlimited printing!
Start a Free Trial