https://www.intercommedia.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Intercom Media does not sell, give or trade your personal information or any statistics our site gathers to any third party. Moreover, we do not store information about your visit.Use of InformationAny information we collect is not used for marketing purposes. Information we gather through our mailing list is collected solely for web metrics and traffic analysis. The data we collect with our cookies is only used to analyze and optimize your reading experience. If you do not wish our site to analyze your visit, you can turn off the cookies anytime by changing your browser settings.Information We CollectIntercom Media collects two major information: your contact information for our mailing list, and your traffic pattern. For our mailing list we only collect your name and e-mail address. Under no circumstances will we ask your religious and political beliefs and associations, gender and sexuality, racial or ethnic origin, criminal records or more.We only collect information upon your will. You have to input your contact information on our mailing list sign up form and you can turn off the site cookies. However, turning off the cookies may affect how your browser displays our site.The Use of LinksIntercom Media has numerous links to other sites. Please be reminded that when you click a link, the link takes you to another site. We see to it that we only link to credible, trustworthy sites but we highly recommend that you read the other site’s privacy policy as well as their policy may differ from ours.InteractionsIntercom Media aims to create a safe and inclusive community for all site users. Please be reminded that leaving a comment on our site means you are giving consent for your name and comment to appear on our site. If you share our posts on social media, please be aware that your interaction with our site is made publicly available.Our privacy policy is subject to change without prior notice. If you have any questions feel free to contact us.
Scroll to Top