http://www.foleyhoag.com/news-and-events/news/2020/august/foley-hoag-helps-uruguay-win-another-investment-arbitration
Bio Folder (0)
Save attorney bios to the Bio Folder to email page links or generate a PDF containing all of your saved pages.
Print
Text Size
A
Foley Hoag Helps Uruguay Win Another Investment Arbitration
August 6, 2020
A unanimous arbitral tribunal has dismissed a US$4 billion claim against Uruguay over a failed mining investment, upholding the State’s jurisdictional objections. The tribunal ordered the UK claimants to pay Uruguay US$4 million in attorney’s fees and costs.
The decision, in Mehta, et al. v. Uruguay, handed down on August 6, 2020, represents Uruguay’s third consecutive victory in investment arbitration cases. In all three cases, Uruguay’s legal counsel was Foley Hoag LLP, based in Washington, DC. The two prior cases were Philip Morris International v. Uruguay, decided in 2016, and Italba Corporation v. Uruguay, decided in 2019.
The most recent case involved an iron ore mine that would have been the largest in Uruguay’s history. Uruguay contended that the mine failed for financial and technical deficiencies attributable to the investor, while the investor blamed Uruguay’s adoption of a new mining code. The tribunal did not reach the merits, because it found that the claimants were not the owners of the project, but mere discretionary beneficiaries of a trust that held the shares in the parent company, and neither the parent company nor any of its subsidiaries had UK nationality. They thus lacked standing to invoke the protections of the investment treaty between Uruguay and the UK.
Uruguay’s lead counsel, Paul Reichler, who co-chairs Foley Hoag’s International Litigation and Arbitration Department, said the award has broad significance because “it holds that you have to be an owner of the investment in order to benefit from the investment treaty; holding a mere economic interest in the project, especially a contingent one, is not enough.” Reichler added: “Uruguay has a perfect record in investment arbitrations because it is steadfastly committed to the rule of law in its treatment of both foreign and national investors.”
Foley Hoag partner Clara Brillembourg called this “an important victory for Uruguay. It ends a case that never should have been brought and preserves billions of dollars of Uruguay’s resources at a time when it, like most nations, needs to protect the health and welfare of its people.”
Other members of Foley Hoag’s legal team were Derek Smith, Tafadzwa Pasipanodya, Diana Paraguacuto-Mahéo, Christina Beharry, Diego Cadena, Madeleine Rodríguez, Yuri Parkhomenko, Joseph Klingler, Alejandra Torres Camprubí, Elisa Méndez Bräutigam, and Henrika Missick de López.
The case was administered by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, with a three-member tribunal consisting of Andres Rigo Sureda of Spain as President, and Professor Pierre Mayer of France and Judge Thomas Johnson of the United States as co-arbitrators.
Click here for Spanish version.
About Foley Hoag LLP
Foley Hoag provides innovative, strategic legal services to public, private and government clients across the globe. We have premier capabilities in the life sciences, healthcare, technology, energy, professional services and private funds fields, and in cross-border disputes. The diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experiences of our lawyers and staff contribute to the exceptional senior level service we deliver to clients ranging from startups to multinational companies to sovereign states. For more information, visit www.foleyhoag.com or follow @FoleyHoag on Twitter.
Contacts
Audra K. Callanan
acallanan@foleyhoag.com
Bio
Related Industries
Sovereign States »
Related Practices
International Litigation & Arbitration »
Investor-State Arbitration »
Biography Folder
Use the folder to collect pages throughout our website. After selecting your pages, email the page links or generate a PDF containing all of your pages with the helpful options below.
Page:
Office:
Remove all
Email This List
Make a PDF of This List
Successfully sent an email.
Send
Email Disclaimer
Transmitting information to us by e-mail unilaterally does not establish an attorney-client relationship or impose an obligation on either the law firm or even the receiving lawyer to keep the transmitted information confidential. By clicking "OK," you acknowledge that we have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information you submit to us unless we already represent you or unless we have agreed to receive limited confidential material/information from you as a prospective client. Thus, if you are not a client or someone we have agreed to consider as a prospective client, information you submit to us by e-mail may be disclosed to others or used against you.
If you would like to discuss becoming a client, please contact one of our attorneys to arrange for a meeting or telephone conference. If you wish to disclose confidential information to a lawyer in the firm before an attorney-client relationship is established, the protections that the law firm will provide to such information from a prospective client should be discussed before such information is submitted. Thank you for your interest in Foley Hoag.