http://www.bmtpatent.com/misc/legal
Firm
Patent Law Expertise
« Patent Law Expertise
Overview
Practices
Industries
Technologies
Representative Patents
Patent Attorneys
Careers
Contact
Legal
Legal
Sitemap
Credits
This website is provided by Buckley Maschoff & Talwalkar LLC ("BMT," "we," or "us"). Your use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions. Please read the following terms and conditions carefully and be sure you understand them.
Website Disclaimer
We have endeavored to comply with all known legal and ethical requirements in compiling this website. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only as a service to the public, and is not legal advice or a substitute for legal counsel, nor does it constitute advertising or a solicitation. (Some jurisdictions may consider this website as advertising; that is not our intention).
The information contained in this website may or may not reflect the most current legal developments; accordingly, information on this website is not promised or guaranteed to be correct or complete, and should not be considered an indication of future results. BMT expressly disclaims all liability in respect to actions taken or not taken based on any or all the contents of this website.
As legal advice must be tailored to the specific circumstances of each case, nothing provided herein should be used as a substitute for advice of competent counsel. The materials on this website do not constitute legal advice, do not necessarily reflect the opinions of BMT or any of its attorneys or clients.
This website is not intended to create, and does not create, an attorney-client relationship between you and BMT, and you should not act or rely on any information in this website. Thus, your receipt or transmission of information to or from the BMT website alone does not create an attorney-client relationship or ensure confidentiality. Because of the possibility of conflicts of interest, you agree to waive any claim of confidentiality for information submitted via this site. Moreover, because of limitations in the security features of the Internet, information sent to/from this site may be intercepted by third parties, and you agree not to hold BMT responsible for any such interception.
We are providing this site, the information, listings, and links contained herein only as a convenience to you. Sites listed as hypertext links herein are not under the control of BMT. This website does not incorporate any materials appearing in such linked sites by reference. We can make no representation concerning the quality, safety or suitability of the content of these sites nor can the fact that we have included any such link serve as an endorsement or approval by BMT of any of those sites. The material in this website could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. Your use and browsing of the site is at your risk.
We assume no liability for the use or interpretation of information contained herein. This website is provided "as is" and "as available" with any and all faults and without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, or non-infringement. We do not warrant that the website or content wherein re error-free or will be uninterrupted, free from spyware, malware, adware, viruses, worms or other malicious code, or will function to meet your requirements.
To the extent prohibited by law, in no event shall we be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, denials of services (including computer crashes), business interruption or any other commercial damages or losses, arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the website, or any downloaded content, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort, or otherwise), even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. When you use this website, you consent to the use of your personal information by us in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy. This policy may change periodically. (For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is February 2015.)
We will not collect any personal information from you unless you voluntarily choose to submit or otherwise disclose such information to us, including information submitted or disclosed by mail, telephone, fax, or electronically. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. and we will only use your information to respond to your request for information or, if applicable, to consider your request for employment with us. Please see our employment pages for more information about our hiring practices.
We have no obligation to monitor the website or the use of the website, or to retain the content of any user session. However, we reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information, including IP addresses, as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or government request, or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. We also may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to protect our service, website, customers, or others.
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this policy only extends to BMT's use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose personal information to other websites, you are subject to the privacy policies of these other sites.
As no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, we cannot ensure the security of any information (including personal, confidential or privileged information) you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. We will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure its security on our systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.
DMCA Notice
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on this website, you may notify our copyright agent, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA), Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2). For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled as well as information reasonably sufficient to permit Kenyon to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Kenyon to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, by its agent, or by law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The above information must be submitted as a written notification to the following Designated Agent:
Buckley Maschoff & Talwalkar LLC
Managing Partner
50 Locust Avenue
New Canaan, CT 06840
Intellectual Property Rights
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in these terms and retain all title, interest and ownership of all intellectual property rights in and to the website and its content, including, but not limited to, all copyright and rights and interests of every kind and nature in and to all works based upon, incorporated in, derived from, incorporating or relating to the website or content, or from which the website or content are derived, as well as the right to exploit any of the foregoing in all media and by any manner and means now known or hereafter devised, throughout the universe, in perpetuity.
Certain of the trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") displayed on this website, including but not limited to, BMT as well as BUCKLEY MASCHOFF & TALWALKAR, are registered and unregistered trademarks of BMT. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of BMT. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the website, or any other content on the website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Reproduction, distribution, republication and retransmission of material contained within the website is prohibited unless the prior written permission of BMT has been obtained.
General
We are committed to serving our clients. We will endeavor to review feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your experience with the website, or would like to provide comments, you can send us an e-mail using our "Contact Us" form.
It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, sex, age, disability, religion, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, ancestry, political belief or activity, or status as a veteran. The policy applies to all areas of employment, including recruitment, hiring, training and development, promotion, transfer, termination, layoff, compensation benefits and all other conditions and privileges of employment in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
We do not wish to represent anyone desiring representation based upon viewing this website in a jurisdiction where this website does not to comply with all laws and ethical rules of that jurisdiction.
These terms and conditions contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto relating to the use of this website and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement or understandings between the parties with respect to this website, and cannot be changed or terminated orally. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these terms and conditions, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect.
We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time by updating or revising this page, with the revised terms and conditions taking effect as of the date of its posting. It is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes on the website will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.