https://www.dsba.org/about-the-dsba/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
DSBA Policies
Home/About The DSBA/DSBA Policies
DSBA Policy on Diversity & Inclusion
The Delaware State Bar Association (“DSBA”) is committed to diversity in its membership,
officers, staff, Executive Committee, Sections and Committees and their respective leaders. The
DSBA believes that diversity is an inclusive concept that encompasses gender, gender identity,
race, color, ethnic origin, cultural background, national origin, religion, sexual orientation,
geographic location, economic status, marital status, age, disability, and many other
characteristics.
The DSBA believes (i) that a diversity in backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences strengthens
our organization and the entire legal profession and (ii) in promoting increased diversity among
members of the Judiciary, legal professionals, and institutions providing legal education.
The DSBA recognizes that achieving diversity in the legal profession requires continued effort and
commitment.
DSBA leaders, including Executive Committee members, Section chairs, and Committee chairs
are expected to promote diversity and inclusion within the DSBA as well as in the legal profession.
Website Privacy Policy
We do not collect personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us or you choose a service on this Web site where gathering personal information is necessary to deliver the specific services. Use of those services is entirely voluntary. During your visit to the Delaware State Bar Association’s (“DSBA”) Web site, our Web server automatically gathers and stores certain information about your use of the site. This information does not personally identify you, and your e-mail address is not collected in this automatic process. The information that is automatically collected and stored is:
Your Internet domain and Internet Protocol address.
The type of browser and operating system you used to access our site.
The date and time of your visit to our site.
The Web pages or services you accessed at this site.
The IP address of the Web site from which you came to this site.
The Web site to which you go when you leave this site.
If you downloaded a form, the form that was downloaded.
We use this information to evaluate and improve the content of our site and to make our site more useful to our visitors. We also use it to diagnose problems with our server, to keep our server running smoothly, and to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology they use. This information does not identify or track you personally.
The State Bar makes every attempt to avoid the use of “cookies,” the simple text files stored on your computer by your Web browser. Cookies may be used on our site when needed to maintain the functionality of an interactive application and is used only during the session in which you access the interactive application. Cookies created on your computer by using this Web site do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security.
The cookie feature is used only to store a randomly generated identifying temporary tag on your computer. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods. However, if you turn off your cookie option, you may not be able to access some of the features in our interactive applications.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is used to encrypt personal information, including credit card and address data during commerce transactions to insure your information is protected. All major browser programs display a “lock” or other visual symbol to indicate when you are on web pages that use encryption.
The DSBA’s Web site contains links to third party sites and advertisers. The State Bar is not responsible for the use of cookies, the privacy policies or the content of those sites.