https://www.methodistcollege.edu/terms-of-use
Current Status: Campus OPEN
Click Here To Go To NMC's COVID-19 Resource Page
Donate
Alumni
Login & Email
Healthcare Degree programs
Admissions
Tuition & Financial aid
Student life
about
Nursing programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Nursing programs
Certificate
Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
Certified Medication Aide (CMA)
RN Refresher
CNA Refresher
Hospital Course for CNA’s
Nurse Educator, PMC
Nurse Executive, PMC
Nurse Informatics, PMC
Bachelor
Traditional BSN
Accelerated BSN
LPN to BSN
RN to BSN
Master
RN to MSN Nurse Educator
RN to MSN Nurse Executive
RN to MSN Nursing Informatics
RN to MSN Care Coordinator
MSN Nurse Educator
MSN Nurse Executive
MSN Nursing Informatics
MSN Care Coordinator
Doctoral
BSN to DNP - Family Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Clinical Nurse Specialist
APRN to DNP
MSN/MHP to DNP - Public Health Policy
Allied Health Programs
Certificate
Medical Assistant
Phlebotomy
Pharmacy Technician
Sterile Processing Technician
Computed Tomography
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Mammography
Associate
Cardiovascular Sonography
Multispecialty Sonography
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
Respiratory Care
Surgical Technology
Bachelor
Cardiovascular Sonography
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Imaging Sciences
Respiratory Therapy, RRT to BSRT
Respiratory Therapy, Dual Degree AS+BS
Master
Occupational Therapy
Healthcare Management
Certificate
Healthcare Analytics
Bachelor
Healthcare Management
Master
MBA In Healthcare
Wellness and Health Promotion Management
Doctoral
Education & Leadership in Healthcare
Public Health Policy
Professional Development
CE Courses
CE FAQ
PD Resources
Basic Life Support
Advanced Life Support
Pediatric Advanced Life Support
Neonatal Resuscitation
Family and Friends CPR
Admissions
Get started
Request Info
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Admission For
First-Time Freshmen
Transfer Students
International Students
Questions?
Contact Us
Admissions FAQs
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Tuition By Program & Degree
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
Net Price Calculator
Tuition Refund Policy
Pay Online
Student life
Get Started
Explore Campus Life
New Students
Student Housing
Program Handbooks
Academics
Academic Calendar
Academic Services
John Moritz Library
Registrar
Support
Student Engagement & Support
Campus Health
Campus Safety
Bookstore
About NMC
Overview
Who We Are
Educated Citizen
The Josie Harper Campus
Accreditation & Affiliations
Institutional Research
People
Meet the President
Board of Directors
Faculty & Staff
Alumni Association
Community
Policies
Policies & Procedures
Campus Safety
Program Handbooks
Resources
Blog
Event Calendar
Resource Center
Marketing & Communications
Consumer Information Directory
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Nebraska Methodist College website (methodistcollege.edu) which is made up of various web pages and sub-domains and operated by Nebraska Methodist College.  The browsing and general use of this website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained in this document.  Your use of the NMC website domain (methodistcollege.edu), its Internet sites and any of its services constitutes your agreement to all terms detailed below, which together with our privacy statement governs Nebraska Methodist College Website and informs users of our data collection practices.
Website Content
Sub-domains and other individual domains under the primary domain of methodistcollege.edu may contain viewpoints, opinions, and commentary that are not reflected by the College, and the College is not responsible for the content in these areas. We reserve the right to remove content considered inaccurate or inappropriate.
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of the content on our website.  Although we will make every attempt to keep content updated and timely, we make no promises as to the correctness of the content.
Copyright
Any material published under the www.methodistcollege.edu domain and its sub-domains are protected by copyright and owned by or licensed to the College or its respective authors. You agree not to create, copy, modify, transmit, or sell the content on our sites in whole or in part without express written permission of the copyright owner and such permission has been noted on the pages. You also agree not to modify any software from our sites in any manner or form.
Content Accuracy
The College does not guarantee the quality or accuracy of the content on our sites. You may be exposed to content that you consider objectionable or inaccurate, and you bear all risks associated with using that content. We reserve the right to remove any content that may violate these terms or is deemed objectionable.
Website Procedures
The College reserves the right to modify the Terms of Use at any time and without prior notice. Revisions of the terms and the privacy statement will be available on the College website.
You are not permitted to create a link to the NMC Website or its sub-domains from another website or document without prior, express written consent of Nebraska Methodist College.  Requests may be directed to NMCMarketing@methodistcollege.edu.
NMC reserves the right to make additions, deletions, modifications, corrections and other changes to the Sites and any services offered therein at any time and without prior notice to you.  NMC also reserves the right to cancel any offering or service for any reason.
Links to Third Party Sites
As a convenience to our users, Nebraska Methodist College (NMC) may provide links on the NMC website to third party websites (Linked Sites).  NMC does not verify, validate or confirm the content maintained by these third party links, and we are not responsible for any of the content of any Linked Site.  These links are provided only as a service to our users and are not under the control of the College. If you use a link on the NMC website to connect to another website, you will leave the NMC website.  It will be your responsibility to ensure your computer is protected from all viruses, malware, and other potentially harmful encounters.
Certain services made available via the NMC website are delivered by third party sites and organizations.  By using any product, service or functionality originating from the methodistcollege.edu domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that NMC may share such information and data with any third party with whom NMC has a contractual relationship to provide requested product, service or functionality on behalf of Nebraska Methodist College users, students, and customers.
Intellectual Property
All content included as part of the Nebraska Methodist College website, its sub-domains, portals and Internet connections, including text graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site is the property of Nebraska Methodist College or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights.  You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
Usage of the NMC Website does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of or alteration of any protected content without the express written permission of Nebraska Methodist College and the copyright owner(s).  NMC and its affiliates do not grant to you any licenses, express or implied, or ownership rights in any protected content.
Use of Communication Services
The NMC Website may contain forms, bulletin board services, chat areas, forums, communities, calendars and other message or communication facilities (Communication Services) designed to enable you to communicate with the College or with a group.  You agree to use these Communication Services only to review, post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the Communication Services provided.
NMC reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.  NMC reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Warranty Disclaimer
Information accessed through this site is provided "AS IS" and without warranty, express or implied. All implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby excluded. None of Nebraska Methodist College of Nursing and Allied Health (NMC), its sub-domains, and the members of its sub-domainss (collectively the "College") make any warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timelines, usefulness or completeness of the information contained herein.THE COLLEGE DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, ANY MERCHANDISE, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SPECIFIED, THE COLLEGE DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY OPINIONS, ADVICE, SERVICES, MERCHANDISE OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLEGE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE IN RELIANCE UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Jurisdiction
This service is not targeted to users in a particular locality, nor is it intended to constitute the doing of business in any jurisdiction, nor to be a solicitation of business anywhere on behalf of Nebraska Methodist College, nor to constitute any contacts with any jurisdiction outside of the State of Nebraska.This Agreement is entered-into and performed in the State of Nebraska, United States of America, and is governed by and shall be construed in all respects under the laws of Nebraska, exclusive of its choice of law or conflict of laws provisions. In any claim or action directly or indirectly arising under this Agreement or related to the Service, each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the Nebraska District Court sitting in Douglas County, Nebraska, or if such court does not have subject-matter jurisdiction, then each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United States Court for the District of Nebraska, and whichever of those two courts has jurisdiction, each party waives any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such court. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction not to be enforceable, then such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to its subject matter. It may not be modified except as described elsewhere in this Agreement. Anything in the Service inconsistent with or conflicting with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement.
Side bar Title
Tuition & Fees
Tuition by Program
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
Net Price Calculator
Tuition Refund Policy
Pay Online
720 N. 87th Street,Omaha, NE 68114(402) 354-7000
Healthcare Degree Programs
Nursing Programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Admissions
Apply Now
Campus Visit
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Financial Aid Portal
About NMC
Who We Are
Academic Calendar
Accreditation
Blog
Bookstore
Campus
Careers
Library
© 2020 Nebraska Methodist College, an affiliate of Methodist Health System
Website Requests
Complaint Form
Privacy
Terms of Use