http://www.allsaintsmargaretstreet.org.uk/privacy
I accept
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, please see our	Privacy Policy
Daily Mass at Noon
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how All Saints Margaret Street uses and protects any information that you provide to All Saints when you use this website.
All Saints is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
All Saints may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 10 July 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Periodic emails about All Saints parish news, forthcoming events or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to
enable users to manage their email preferences in connection with the church mailing list;
enable logged-in users from within All Saints Church to access enhanced functions of the site.
We only use this information for operational purposes and then the data is removed from the system. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, if you use this option, it may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for email communications, we may send you email newsletters;
you may unsubscribe from our email communications at any point
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
7, Margaret Street
London
W1W 8JG
United Kingdom
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
×
Info
Close
×
…
Close
×
…
Close
×
Contact
Your name
(success)
Your email address
(success)
Your message
(success)
All fields are required
Message sent
Thank you for getitng in touch - your message has been sent.
Your email message has been sent
Close
Send