https://www.mamcvicker.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us for a Consultation Skype Consultations Available (703) 435-8435
Skype Name: mamcvicker
Menu
Home
About the Firm
Firm Overview
Michael McVicker
Yuliya McVicker
Immigration Services
Immigrant Visas / Green Cards
Non-Immigrant Visas
Other Immigration Services
Client Reviews
Français
Contact Us
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Law Office of Michael McVicker (“we”). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies. Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads. Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes. For California residents. As described above, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own use in direct marketing. The information above also explains how you may opt out of permitting our website or partners from collecting information from your device. Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below. Last modified. November 9, 2016
Immigration Services
Immigrant Visas / Green Cards
Non-Immigrant Visas
Other Immigration Services
Please Let Us Know How We Can Help You
Name*
First
Email Address*
StateZipcodePhoneHow can we help you? Brief description of your legal issue:The use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.I have read the disclaimer.*
Yes NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Lawyer Michael McVicker | Top Attorney Immigration
Lawyer Michael McVicker | Lawyer Immigration
Lawyer Michael McVicker | Lawyer Immigration
Meet Our Team
Michael McVicker
U.S. immigration attorney Michael McVicker received his Juris Doctor degree in 1993 from the Marshall-Wythe School of Law, of the College of William and Mary, in Williamsburg, Virginia. At the Marshall-Wythe School of Law, he was a member of the Moot…
Read More about Michael
Yuliya McVicker
Yuliya McVicker is a Senior Immigration Paralegal at our firm. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration, with a concentration in Economics, in 1984 from Donetsk National University, in Ukraine. Prior to immigrating to the U…
Read More about Yuliya
Frequently Asked Questions
Read More Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Law Office of Michael McVicker
1810 Michael Faraday Drive First Floor
Reston, VA 20190
Phone:
(703) 435-8435
Fax:
(703) 435-0017
Email:
© 2020 Law Office of Michael McVicker
View Our Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Law Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Law Office of Michael McVicker
COVID-19 ALERT
COVID-19 Quarantine Update
In regards to Covid-19,  We are reviewing the best guidelines for our city and state for how
we should conduct business and plan to update this message as soon as we can.
Please call our office(s) to get learn how we are engaging with current clients and new at this time.
CLOSE