http://www.calvarykc.com/privacy/
Got it!
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.calvarykc.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about church news or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Request that we delete any data we have about you (we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws)
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, pastoral care) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via phone at (816) 444-6908 or via email at churchoffice@calvarykc.com.
Our services are an expression of Christianity’s ancient traditions. The focus is on the Lord and His grace. Much of the service is simply the singing and speaking of Scripture—God’s Holy Word.
WordPress Theme built by Shufflehound.
©2020 Calvary Lutheran Church & School  |  Privacy Policy
English
English