http://www.sigmakappa.org/privacy-policy/
SEARCH
GIVE NOW
PAY DUES
FIND A CHAPTER
LOGIN
About Us
History
Jewelry
Philanthropy
Leadership
Chapter Map
Career Opportunities
Shop Sigma Kappa
Notable Sigma Kappas
Families
Collegiate Life
Why Sigma Kappa
Membership Responsibilities
Financial Responsibilities
New Chapters
Alumnae Experience
Stay Connected
Legacy Link
Volunteer
Pay National Alumnae Dues
Foundation
Donate
Giving Opportunities
Impact
Scholarships & Grants
Capital Campaign
Fundraising
Housing
Resource Library
News & Events
Pivot
Week of Giving
Founders' Day
Read the Sigma Kappa Triangle
The LowDown Podcast
Bold Commitments
Events
Awards
Press Releases
COVID-19
DEIA
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sigma Kappa Sorority understands that security and privacy are important issues for users of our web site ("Site") and recognizes our obligations to keep your information secure and confidential. That is why we maintain the following standards to help protect information that personally identifies you. We may modify this Privacy Policy ("Policy") at any time, and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy. By using the Site and providing us with your personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy.
What information do we collect?
You may be asked to provide your name, address, phone number, email address, member number or other personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") to allow you to make use of portions of the Site. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, and this may lead to your inability to use some or all of the Site. We may also collect your domain type, browser version, service provider, operating system, IP address and areas of the Site visited for the purpose of improving this Site. We may distribute cookies and a method of capturing identifiable information.
How is your information used?
Sigma Kappa uses Personal Information only for the limited purposes of: administering your account; improving the Site and related services provided to you; administering the Site; allowing you to make a posting on the Site; notifying you of our or our business affiliate's products, promotional events or special offers, newsletters or announcements that may be of interest to you; providing Internet security; and meeting legal requirements. We may work with business partners who may perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing promotional materials, sending email, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. They have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and shall not be authorized by Sigma Kappa to use it for any other purpose. Sigma Kappa will not sell your Personal Information. Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. Sigma Kappa is not responsible for the collection or use of your information at any third party site.
Security
We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information that we collect and maintain. All Personal Information is stored on our secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
A note to parents:  Sigma Kappa values the involvement of the friends and family of Sigma Kappa members.  However, on matters of membership status, discipline, financial issues and housing contract information, we may only provide details to the collegiate member in order to maintain the member's right to privacy. Our discipline processes are confidential and require direct contact with the Sigma Kappa member.  Sometimes our members choose not to share all information with their parents and we respect their choice and their privacy.