http://www.muyorkdiocese.org/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
You are hereHome
Privacy policy
Introduction
Mothers’ Union is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The website www.mothersunion.org is owned and operated by Mothers’ Union.
Information we may collect from you:
We may collect information from you online in the following ways:
When a beneficiary benefits from our services;
When you have donated to us via any method;
You have used our services or benefited from the Trust;
Through our use of Google Analytics cookies (please see the cookies section below);
Through your request for publications and other marketing materials;
Through your request for information about our services and related topics and events;
Through your registration for events;
When you apply for a job;
When you are employed or contracted;
Through your contacting us with enquiries and comments;
Through your donation or publication purchase.
If you take one the steps mentioned above, we may collect and process personal information about you such as:
Your name, address, email address and other contact information;
Records of your correspondence with us, if you have contacted us;
Education achievements;
Interests;
Donation history;
Details of your visit to the website;
Information about your educational/professional experiences, and any other information provided to us in your comments.
Where we store your personal data:
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, our servers in the UK. It may also be processed by persons operating in the EEA who work for us or an organisation we have instructed. If we do send your personal data outside the EEA we will take steps to ensure that the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information.
Uses made of the information:
We will process any of your personal data, in accordance with our obligations under applicable data protection laws and regulations, for the following reasons: to provide you with the services you have requested; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; for administrative purposes; to assess enquiries; and to provide you with information about us and our services. If, at any time, you do not wish to receive further information about us and our services, contact us at dataprotection@mothersunion.org.
Disclosure of your information:
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of MU, or others. This includes exchanging information with other organisations for the purposes of safeguarding or other statutory regulations we have to comply with.
Your rights:
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at dataprotection@mothersunion.org.
IP Addresses:
MU may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies:
MU’s website uses cookies to record visits to the website. This helps us to improve the website and provide you with a good experience when you browse the website.Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
Changes to MU’s privacy policy:
This privacy policy was last updated on 25th May 2018. MU reserves the right to vary this privacy policy from time to time. Such variations become effective on posting on this website. Your subsequent use of this website or submission of personal information MU will be deemed to signify your acceptance to the variations.
Contact:
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to dataprotection@mothersunion.org.
Share this: