http://www.cfinst.org/about/privacy.aspx
About CFI
Email Signup
Press Room
Historical Stats
Federal
Congress |
President |
Parties |
Interest Groups |
State
Research |
Citizen Tool |
Statements
Small Donors
Federal |
States |
Citizen Tool
Tables, Charts, Data
Tables/Charts |
Data Links
Law
Federal |
States |
International |
Disclosure
Research Commons
Home
About CFI Staff
Follow the Money FollowtheMoney.org:Search Campaign Finance Data in all 50 States
Reports and Blog Posts from the National Institute on Money in Politics
About CFI > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The Campaign Finance Institute (CFI) respects your privacy, as a result we have created this Privacy Policy to
explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect
your personal privacy within our Website.  The following statement details our practices related to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
The Campaign Finance Institute reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
What Information We Collect and How We Use that Information
The Campaign Finance Institute does not automatically collect personal information from visitors who browse our website. If you volunteer to sign up for our e-mail list or register for an event, you are voluntarily providing the Campaign Finance Institute with your personal information. Your information will be kept and used by CFI to contact you about CFI related items. CFI will not share, sell or provide this information to third parties.
You may “unsubscribe” anytime from our list by sending “UNSUBSCRIBE” as
the subject to info@Cfinst.org.
Any e-mail addresses submitted via our "Share This" feature are not used or collected for any purpose other than notifying the recipient of the referred information; we will not add the address to our email list or contact database.
Cookies and Tracking
CFI does not use “cookies” to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. When visiting www.CFInst.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used by our technical support staff to collect usage statitics only.  The statistics contain no personal information, cannot be used to gather such information, and most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Donations
Unless your donation is made anonymously, CFI will collect your contact information provided by you to 1) contact you about CFI related items and 2) send you a taxable donation letter for your records. Your information will be kept and used by CFI only to contact you about CFI
related items. CFI will not share, sell or provide this information to
third parties.
CFI uses a third-party, Network for Good, to process online and credit card contributions.  Network for Good is Better Business Bureau accredited organization that provides payment services to non-profits. CFI will not receive your credit card information if it is processed through Network for Good.  Network for Good uses industry leading Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
Click here to learn more about Network for Good's Privacy Policy   CFI will not share, sell or provide your donation information to third parties.
If you have questions about the information about you collected by The Campaign Finance Institute, please either call 202-969-8890 x21 or email info@Cfinst.org.
This privacy policy was last updated on September 3, 2010.
The Campaign Finance Institute
202.969.8890
Follow @cfinst_org
National Institute on Money in Politics
833 N. Last Chance Gulch
Helena, MT 59601
www.FollowTheMoney.org
© 2018 The Campaign Finance Institute
Home |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us
About CFI |
Email Signup |
Press Room |
Historical Stats