https://www.idausa.org/about/privacy-policy/
DONATE
Home
About
Campaigns
Sanctuaries
News
Take Action
Shop
DONATE
About
Support
Contact Us
Financial Statements
Intern
Volunteer
employment
Team
Board
Privacy Policy
At In Defense of Animals, we are committed to protecting your privacy. The following will provide you with a thorough understanding of our policies.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you visit our website we do collect basic information. This includes number of visitors to our site, total pages viewed, and other anonymous data. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of our site to our visitors.
We may collect email addresses and other personally identifiable data about visitors when it is voluntarily submitted. For example, when making a donation or signing up for our email list. We use this information to process your donation, send a tax-deductible receipt, and to keep you informed about our programs.
You may contact In Defense of Animals to see what data we have about you, if any, change or correct any data we might have about you, delete any data we have about you, or express any concern you have about our use of your data at any time by emailing info@idausa.org or calling 415-448-0048.
Sharing of Personal Information
In Defense of Animals does not sell or otherwise disclose user information outside the organization. However, if you decide to donate to In Defense of Animals, some information on our donor lists, such as your name and address, may be exchanged with other organizations. You may opt out of such donor list exchanges by contacting us via email at info@idausa.org or by phone at 415-448-0048.
Security
At In Defense of Animals, we take precautions to protect your personal information. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computer and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this, you can contact us immediately via telephone at 415-448-0048 or via email at info@idausa.org.
Record Retention
In Defense of Animals expects all employees to fully comply with any published records retention or destruction policies and schedules. The law requires that In Defense of Animals maintain certain types of corporate records, usually for a specified period of time. From time to time, IDA will establish retention or destruction policies or schedules for specific categories of records in order to ensure legal compliance, and also to accomplish other objectives.
Whistle Blower Policy
In Defense of Animals’ Code of Ethics and Conduct requires directors, officers, and employees to observe high standards of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. No director, officer, or employee who in good faith reports a violation of the Code shall suffer harassment, retaliation, or adverse employment consequence. An employee who retaliates against someone who has reported a violation is subject to discipline up to and including termination of employment. This Whistle blower Policy is intended to encourage and enable employees and others to raise serious concerns within In Defense of Animals prior to seeking resolution outside the organization.
This website uses Google AdWordsThis website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example, signing up to a newsletter. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the In Defense of Animals website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. We cannot see any of your personal information, and we do not sell data to anyone else.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Contacts
Privacy
Terms of Use
ANIMAL ACTIVIST SUPPORT LINE
1 800 705 0425
ASK FOR CARE
IN DEFENSE OF ANIMALS
3010 KERNER BLVD
SAN RAFAEL
CA 94901
415-448-0048
© 2020 In defense of animals
Return to top