https://www.bvmsisters.org/sisters-of-charity-bvm-privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Sisters of Charity, BVM Privacy PolicyCopyrightAll contents displayed on this website are copyrighted ©Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. All names, titles, logos, images, icons, graphics, scripts, photographs, themes, layouts and other tangible and intangible aspects are the property of the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary and/or organizations represented by its members. Website materials may not be reproduced electronically for reasons other than offline viewing without prior written permission.Collecting Your Personal InformationWe define “personal information” as information that allows us to personally identify you. Personal information collected from our website or in print is done so from an individual(s) who voluntarily provides it for services being requested. Generally, this information is used to make philanthropic donations, request printed or email communications, or to apply for employment. If while visiting our website you do not wish to provide your information please do not enter it on our web forms.Use of Personal InformationThe Sisters of Charity, BVM uses your personal information to provide services requested by the individual. The Sisters of Charity, BVM also uses your information to communicate news, events, and other services pertaining to the organization and you, the individual. Periodically statistical analysis and research is completed to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of personal communication and products delivered to you, the individual. Data collected during analysis will not be shared with individuals or third parties outside of the Sisters of Charity, BVM.Sharing Your Personal InformationThe Sisters of Charity, BVM may contact you on behalf of business partners and outside organizations that may be of interest to you. Your personal information will not be transferred to these entities without your consent. The Sisters of Charity, BVM does not disclose sensitive information such as religion, race, gender, or affiliations without your consent.  The Sisters of Charity, BVM may, in some instances, have to share your personal information with law enforcement officials as required by law. Sharing of your personal information in such instances will not require consent.Security of your Personal InformationThe Sisters of Charity, BVM secures ALL personal information from unauthorized users. The Sisters of Charity secures your information in a controlled environment protected from unauthorized access and use. When personal information is processed over the internet, it is done so using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  Your personal information is stored in a manner that meets or exceeds federal guidelines.Opt Out PolicyIf at any point, you wish to remove your personal information and access to it please contact the Sisters of Charity, BVM by calling 563-585-2854 or emailing development@bvmcong.org.Website PartnersPlease be aware that our website contains links to other websites and that privacy polices of other websites may differ from that of the Sisters of Charity, BVM. Each website is responsible for posting and maintaining their own privacy policies.Privacy Policy ChangesThe Sisters of Charity, BVM may periodically update the privacy policy and information contained within. To find the most up to date policy please refer back to this page. To request a printed version of the Sisters of Charity, BVM privacy policy please call 563-585-2854 or email development@bvmcong.org.Copyright 2020 - Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
Back To Top