http://www.raytheonretirees.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The following policy outlines how The Association of Raytheon Retirees collects and uses information about visitors to this website, and by using this website you acknowledge that you consent to these practices.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version will always be published on this page.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us using the information at the end of this document.
What data we gather
When you visit our site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may leverage Google Analytics, or other 3rd party tracking solutions to gather and analyze data related to how visitors find and access our site. This information is used only to manage and improve our site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site. You may be asked to enter your name, address, email address or other details to help you with your experience. We use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Data Collected to Manage Your Membership
At checkout, we will collect your name, email address, username, and password. This information is used to setup your account for our site.
At checkout, we also collect your billing address and phone number. This information is used to confirm your credit card. The billing address and phone number are saved by our site to pre-populate the checkout form for future purchases and so we can get in touch with you if needed to discuss your order or membership.
At checkout, we collect your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. This information is passed to our payment gateway to process your purchase. The last 4 digits of your credit card number and the expiration date are saved by our site to use for reference and to send you an email if your credit card will expire before the next recurring payment.
When logged in, we use cookies to track some of your activity on our site including logins, visits, and page views.
How we protect your information
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Cookies and how we use them
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.
Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also may allow site administrators to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies to:
Analyze our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions as described above.
Identify whether you are signed in to our website. A cookie allows us to check whether you are signed in to the site.
Test content on our website. For example, 50% of our users might see one piece of content, the other 50% a different piece of content.
Store information about your preferences. The website can then present you with information you will find more relevant and interesting.
To recognize when you return to our website. We may show your relevant content or provide functionality you used previously.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
Controlling Cookies
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies. However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.
Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website may issue cookies when you visit it.
If you choose to communicate with us through this website, we may collect personally identifiable information. This could include name, email address, physical address, phone number, etc. We may collect such information to help facilitate communications with you. We will use this information for our own internal records and contact you in response to a specific inquiry.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information is corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this document
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: • On our Privacy Policy Page • By emailing us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins, collect PII from children under 13?
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 1 business day.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to: • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following: • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way. • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters. • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Links from our Website
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control of websites outside of our domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection or privacy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
The Association of Raytheon Retirees PO Box 365 Marlborough, Ma  01752 US info@raytheonretirees.org
Last Edited on 06-06-2018