http://www.lany.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
About Us
About Us
Mission
History and 50th Anniversary
Our Services
Our Clients
Our Volunteers
Staff
Boards
Financial Information
Job Openings
Contact Us
Resources
Resources
Calendar
Workshops & Webinars
Recorded Webinars
CLE Events
Publications
Legal Alerts
Resource Calls
News
News
Newsletters
Media Inquiries
Press Releases
Supporters
Supporters
Our Supporters
Donate Online
Donate by Phone or Mail
Other Ways to Give
Business Law & Leadership Gala
Prior Special Events
50th Anniversary Campaign
Login
Donate
Go
Lawyers
Lawyers
Our Pro Bono Program
Becoming a Volunteer
Resources for Volunteers
Volunteer Recognition
Case Closing Volunteer Questionnaire
CLE Credit for Pro Bono
For Alumni
Exponentum
Nonprofits
Nonprofits
Our Service Model
Becoming a Client
Request for Legal Assistance
Resources for Nonprofits
Client Case Closing Questionnaire
Pro Bono Providers Nationwide
Community Impact
Community Impact
Community Arts
Economic Opportunity
Housing and Shelter
Quality Education
Urban Health
Advocacy
National Leadership
Risk Management
Disaster Relief
Coronavirus Information
Donate
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 1, 2019
Lawyers Alliance for New York ("we", "us" or "Lawyers Alliance") operates the www.lawyersalliance.org web site ("Site"). We respect your privacy on our Site. This Privacy Policy explains the information we may collect during your visit to our Site and how we use, share, and store that information. Please read this Statement carefully. By using our Site, you consent to our collection and use of information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Statement, please do not use our Site. Lawyers Alliance may occasionally modify this Privacy Policy by posting an updated version of it on this page, and the changes will be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use, so please be sure to read all of the terms that govern your use of the Site.
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information We collect your Personal Information only when you provide it to us voluntarily through various activities on our Site. "Personal Information" includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone and fax number, organization name and email address. For example, we collect Personal Information when you complete a survey or questionnaire, request to become a volunteer, sign up for an account, send an email to Lawyers Alliance, make a donation or purchase, join a mailing list or participate in other activities on our Site. When you participate in activities that require a credit card, such as making a donation, purchasing an item or registering for a workshop, your credit card and other Personal Information will be sent from a checkout page hosted on the Site to a third party payment processor. The third party payment processor will process your credit card transaction and the payment gateway will send Lawyers Alliance a transaction report from the credit card payment network that contains some of the Personal Information it collects (e.g., name, contact information, partial digits from credit card) but not your full credit card information. We encourage you to review our third party payment processor's privacy policy and other terms that govern use of its site and services. We currently utilize Paypal's Payflow Pro in connection with payment processing. Information related to Paypal's privacy and data protection can be found at payflowgatewaypp-full. If you do not want us or our service provider to collect any Personal Information from you, please do not provide it. If you prefer to provide information by phone, you are welcome to call us at 212-219-1800 or alternatively you may arrange for payment by check or money order by using the order forms available on this site.
By submitting your Personal Information through the Site, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information as described in this Privacy Policy. Lawyers Alliance will use your Personal Information for the purpose for which you provided it. We may also use it to send you information about our programs, services, and upcoming events as well as other materials that we think may interest to you. If, at any time, you decide you do not wish to continue receiving these communications, you may opt out as described below.
To provide services to you, we may share your Personal Information with third parties, such as those who fulfill your orders or other requests or facilitate activities on the Site or our programs. For example, we may share your Personal Information with outside attorneys so that they may provide legal assistance to you. We also may share your Personal Information with service providers such as web hosting providers, fulfillment companies (e.g., to coordinate mailings), fundraising professionals (but solely in connection with Lawyers Alliance's mission), and data analysis firms.
Lawyers Alliance will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes and will require our service providers not to use it for these purposes without your consent.
Lawyers Alliance reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information to respond to a subpoena, court, search warrant or other legal process, to defend Lawyers Alliance against legal claims or, if Lawyers Alliance determines it is necessary, to investigate or take action in connection with activities that we suspect are illegal, threaten the safety of any person, are in violation of the Terms of Use, or for other reasons that we determine in good faith are necessary or appropriate.
Lawyers Alliance will retain your Personal Information for the purpose of keeping accurate historical records, and email distributions, fundraising and marketing solely for Lawyers Alliance, unless you request that we delete it after conclusion of the relevant purpose for which it was obtained.
Lawyers Alliance collects the Personal Information of third parties solely when provided to us for referral purposes, and not for any other purpose. You may only provide third-party Personal Information that you have the right to provide.
2. Aggregate and Non-Personal Information
Lawyers Alliance may use the information you provide in aggregate form for our internal program, research and general marketing purposes, such as generating statistics and developing plans for promoting our services. Some service providers with whom we share information may use it in aggregate form for their internal business purposes, such as generating statistics for marketing materials.
We may also use automatic data collection, including analytical tracking technology to collect certain non-Personal Information about your use of the Site (e.g., to determine which pages or files on our Site are most popular and to improve use of the Site). We may collect IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our Site, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use. We may share this aggregated information (e.g., with our affiliates, licensees, and partners) and may post analyses and statistics based on aggregated data on our Site or use it for research and other purposes relating to our mission. IP addresses are unique numeric identifiers that are assigned to each computer browser accessing the Internet. An IP address, by itself, cannot identify you personally. However, when combined with other information provided by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your IP address can be used to identify the computer accessing the Site. Under certain circumstances, recipients, their legal representatives, and/or law enforcement authorities may be able to combine this with information disclosed by ISPs to determine the source of a particular communication. By using this Site, you knowingly and voluntarily assume any risks associated with such disclosure.
The Site may utilize Google Analytics to analyze website traffic and usage and is an industry standard. Additional information about such analytics can be found at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. To opt out of Google Analytics you may opt out as described below.
We may store some information on your computer when you access the Site. This information is commonly known as a "Cookie". We use Cookies in order to better understand how the Site is being accessed and used. Cookies also help us to determine if the Site is being delivered efficiently. Cookies also allow us to enhance your on line experience by customizing your use of the Site and eliminating the need for you to reenter data every time you visit the Site. In addition, Cookies, (which for this purpose are automatically deleted when you close your browser) are used when redirecting you to our third party payment processor in connection with a transaction. The use of Cookies is an industry standard and is used by most major websites to provide the visitor with tailored information. You should be able to block these Cookies in the first instance, or erase them from your computer after they have been recorded, if you so choose. Please consult your computer manual or browser help files in this regard. If you block or erase these Cookies you may limit the functionality available to you on our Site.
3. Security
Lawyers Alliance takes precautions to safeguard the Site from unauthorized access. Please note that no transmission through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We make no representation or warranty about the security of our Site. Accordingly, you provide us with your Personal Information at your sole risk. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a user name and/or password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this user name and/or password confidential. We ask you not to share your user name and/or password with anyone.
4. Location of Servers; European Users; Transfer of Information to the United States
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, be aware that the information you provide will be transferred to the United States. By using our Site or providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to this transfer and to the collection, storage, processing and use of your Personal Information in the United States. In addition, our service providers may not be located in your geographic area in the U.S.; by providing your Personal Information on the Site, you also consent to the transfer of your data to these service providers.
If you are an individual in the European Union, we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). The legal basis may depend on the type of information and how you use the Site. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer receiving communications or utilizing certain features on the Site. We are not required to have a data protection officer, so any questions about our use of your personal data or related requests should be addressed to info@lawyersalliance.org.
If Lawyers Alliance should ever be involved in the sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, or transfer of substantially all of our assets, Personal Information may be sold, assigned, or transferred to the party acquiring those assets in order to permit it to continue operating the Site. By using this Site and submitting your information to us, you consent to the transfer of your information in this manner.
5. Children
Our services are not designed for or directed to children under the age of thirteen, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen. If you become aware that your child has provided Personal Information to our Site, please contact us.
6. Choice/Opt-Out
If you do not wish to receive communications from us (e.g., by e-newsletters, e-mail messages, or postal mailings) or wish to opt out of Google Analytics, please inform us by sending an e-mail to info@lawyersalliance.org. Please indicate if you wish to discontinue receiving specific communications and/or communications sent through certain methods but not others. You may also click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of promotional emails we send you if you wish to be removed from our email list.
7. Third Party Links
The Site may provide links to other third party websites. Even if the third party is affiliated with Lawyers Alliance through a business partnership or otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk.
8. California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@lawyersalliance.org.
9. Our Do Not Track Policy
Some browsers have a "do not track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser "do not track" signals.
10. Contact Us; Comments and Questions
We strive to ensure that your visit to our Site is a satisfactory one and that your privacy is respected. If you wish to correct, update or delete your Personal Information or if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy or our practices, you may contact us by sending an e-mail to info@lawyersalliance.org, by telephone at (212) 219-1800 or by mail at 171 Madison Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10016.
Learn More About Lawyers Alliance
About Us | Mission | History & 50th Anniversary | Our Services | Our Clients
Our Volunteers | Staff | Boards | Financial Information | Job Openings | For Alumni | Contact Us
close
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout