http://www.rotary7570.org/privacy
Member Access
Search:
Search
Clubs
District Map
Clubs by Name (d)
Clubs by Meeting Time (d)
Make Up Meetings & eRotary
New Clubs
New Members
Club Officers & Committees
— Presidents
— Secretaries
— Treasurers
— Club Committees
Club Central (RI)
Facebook Clubs
Who We Are
About the District
Areas 1-15
District History
District Directory
District Leadership (d)
Council of Governors (d)
District Newsletters (d)
What We Do
2020-21 Leadership & Service Plan
2020-21 Hunger Project
District Grants (General Info)
District Grants Application
District Collaborative Grants Application
Global Grants
Grants Educational Materials
Group Study Exchange (GSE)
Friendship Exchange
Rotary Youth Exchange
RYLA (Rotary Youth Leadership Awards Seminar)
Skelton/Jones Scholarships
Skelton Endowment
Polio Eradication -
We Are This Close
Caribbean Partnership
CART - Coins for Alzheimer’s Research Trust
VTT (Vocational Training Teams)
Wheelchair Project
Resources
District Committee Chairs (d)
Committee & Seminar Downloads
District Downloads
Finance
Foundation & Advocates
Fundraisers & Service Projects
Membership & Advocates
Youth Protection
District Training Page
District YouTube Page
District 7570 E-Learning LIbrary
District Strategic Planning
Events
Calendar of All Events (d)
District Events (d)
Governor's Official Visits (d)
RLI Training Events (d)
District Conference Awards
Gold Club Award
Rotary Citation
Other Awards
District Conference
18 Month Calendar
Rotary International
RI Home page
My Rotary (new)
About Rotary
Club Finder
My Rotary
Club Central
Club Central - Goal Center (Select on left)
Rotary Citation (go to Club Central - Goal Center)
Club Admin (Officers only)
Foundation Contribute - RI Direct
Foundation Donor History Report
Foundation Chair Reports
Rotary Brand Center
Rotary Graphics
Zones 33-34
RLI (Rotary Leadership Institute)
HELP
Rotary 7570 Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Policy
Welcome to the Rotary International District 7570 web site, which also runs on the DACdb platform (through the "Member Access" link at the top of or page). This web site and its various features help to support the operation and activities of your club.
All users are subject to the following terms and conditions of use. By accessing or using this web site, you agree that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
1. Use of this Web Site
You agree to use this web site only for lawful purposes related to your membership or possible membership in Rotary International District 7570 or related to your pursuit of the activities and programming supported by Rotary International District 7570.
You agree that you will NOT use it to:
Upload or transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libelous, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable according to the community standards of your club or organization.
Violate the legal rights of others (including their right to privacy), or violate the laws of any jurisdiction.
Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Rotary International District 7570 or DACdb administrator, or misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
Upload or otherwise transmit data that you do not have the legal right to upload or transmit, that violates any patent, trademark, trade secret, or copyright, or that contains a virus or deliberately corrupted data. You acknowledge that you have full rights to transmit the data that you upload or post, and you accept full responsibility for its legality, reliability and appropriateness.
Collect information about others (including contact information and e-mail addresses) without their consent.
Upload, store, maintain, forward or display adult content, including documents and images of a lewd or lascivious nature. This web site and the messages, documents, and images it contains may be viewed by children, so all users share responsibility for ensuring that content is appropriate.
Engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the web site or the DACdb platform, or which, as determined by your district administrators or DACdb, may harm Rotary International District 7570 or DACdb or users of the web site, or expose them to liability.
The administrators of Rotary International District 7570 reserve the right to remove any information or material from the web site, without explanation, which we determine, at our sole discretion, to be incompatible with the above restrictions, including anything that we believe, through our own research or notification by others may constitute copyright infringement.
However, these actions will be performed on a “best-efforts” basis.  The administrators of Rotary International District 7570 cannot review all material that is posted to the web site, nor guarantee that objectionable material is immediately removed. Therefore, Rotary International District 7570 assumes no liability for any action or inaction regarding such material uploaded to the web site or indeed, for the content itself.
If you believe that your intellectual property is being violated by something on this web site, please notify rfurr(at)vcalc.net immediately with sufficient documentation to allow us to identify the infringing material and its location, as well as your claim and authority to file this notification, and your contact information.
2. Your Account
If you are a member of Rotary International District 7570 or a registered user of this web site, you will receive a user name and password which are used to log into your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account. If you are accessing this web site from a shared computer (such as in a public library), you must be careful to log out of the account and close the browser before leaving the workstation. If you suspect that your account has been compromised in any way, you must notify Rotary International District 7570 immediately. Rotary International District 7570 will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the provisions in this section.
3. Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
Rotary International District 7570 collection, storage and use of your personal information are described in the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this Terms of Use document.
You acknowledge that Rotary International District 7570 may release personal information when required to do so by law, by a court of competent authority, to enforce these Terms of Use, or to protect the employees or officers of Rotary International District 7570, or other users of this web site.
4. District Events
Events are organized and sponsored by Rotary International District 7570 and/or a parent district or other chapter of the parent district. Some information on this web site regarding events is provided by the event sponsor or organizer. Rotary International District 7570 may not have verified or certified the accuracy or completeness of this information, and will not be liable for any errors or omissions. You also agree to hold Rotary International District 7570 harmless from any liability or injury arising from or related to your participation in such events.
5. Credit Card Transactions
This site supports credit card transactions of various kinds. You acknowledge that you have carefully reviewed the summary of charges for each transaction before selecting the link or button to finalize the transaction. You further agree that the transaction will appear on your credit card statement as Rotary District 7570.  If you do not understand a credit card transaction, contact us at rfurr(at)vcalc.net. If there has been an error, we will immediately reverse the transaction.
6. Copyright Restrictions / Use of Content
The contents of this web site, including documents, web pages and photos, as well as district-specific logos and graphic images, are copyrighted by Rotary International District 7570 and are protected by US and international laws regarding copyrights and trademarks. You agree that all messages and information that you post to this web site become the property of Rotary International District 7570 and may be used as it sees fit.
The organization of this web site, including its templates, graphic themes, screen organization, forms, interactivity, database structures and middleware programming, is copyrighted by, and a valuable trade secret of DACdb and is likewise protected by US and international laws regarding copyrights, trademarks and intellectual property rights.
You are authorized to use this information as a member or prospective member of Rotary International District 7570. You may not use this information to create competing or derivative works, nor may you distribute it to others as if it were your own. You are not permitted to reproduce, sell or use this information for any commercial purposes without Rotary International District 7570’s written permission.
This web site may provide a facility which allows you to upload photos of club events or activities, and which allows other members to reproduce these photos for their own enjoyment but not for commercial purposes. When you upload a photo to the site, you agree to allow such non-commercial reproduction. When you download a photo from this site you agree that you will not use it for commercial purposes without first obtaining permission from the uploader.
7. Trademarks
Rotary International District 7570 and any logos, slogans, or tag lines are registered trademarks or trademarks of Rotary International District 7570 and may not be used in any commercial manner without written permission from Rotary International District 7570.
Other product or service marks contained herein are used for identification purposes only and may be registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective owners.
8. Disclaimer of Warrantees and Limitation of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INDEPENDENTLY REVIEWED FOR ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR SAFETY.
IF YOU RELY ON ADVICE OR INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOU ARE DOING SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR INJURY OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE THEREOF.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB DO NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM THIS SITE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, NOR THAT YOUR ACCESS TO THIS SITE AND ITS SERVERS WILL BE RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED.
Rotary International District 7570 AND DACDB WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF PERSONAL INJURY, LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM DELAY, INTERRUPTION IN SERVICE, LOST DATA, OR OTHER ERRORS OR OMISSIONS.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
9. Disputes
With the possible exception of a violation or threatened violation of DACdb’s and Rotary International District 7570's intellectual property rights, any dispute related to your use of this web site or to products or services purchased or obtained through this web site, shall be submitted to arbitration in Virginia in accordance with the prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. At DACdb’s or Rotary International District 7570’s sole discretion, intellectual property disputes may be handled through the appropriate state or federal court in the state of Virginia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
10. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Rotary International District 7570 and DACdb and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, affiliates, third party information providers, licensors and others involved in the web site or delivery of products or services through the web site, from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from any violation by you of these Terms of Use or your use of this web site, or of any products, services or information obtained from this web site.
11. Comments and Submissions
Rotary International District 7570 welcomes your ideas for improving this web site or for adding new features that would benefit club members and visitors. However, please understand that we may already be working on similar features or talking to other vendors who offer this capability.
12. Third Party Links
This web site may contain links to other web sites not controlled or managed by Rotary International District 7570. Rotary International District 7570 is not responsible for the quality, accuracy or content of the information, products, services or policies of these sites. Your use of such web sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such web sites. A reference or link from this web site to any products, services, events or information by trademark, trade name or manufacturer does not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation and cannot be referenced as such without the written permission of Rotary International District 7570.
13. Termination
If you are a member of the club, Rotary International District 7570 reserves the right to close your account if you do not renew your membership when it is due to expire, in accordance with club policies posted on the site and in renewal notices sent by email or regular mail.
The administrators of Rotary International District 7570 also reserve the right to terminate access to this web site and refuse service to users who violate these Terms of Use or who we reasonably believe are not intending to use the platform for its intended purpose, and to pursue legal remedies against persistent or serious offenders.
14. Miscellaneous Provisions
The use and operation of this web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to conflict of law provisions. If you sign up for membership, register for events or purchase products and services through this web site from another country, you do so in accordance with US law and with the transaction denominated in US Dollars.
If a court should hold any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified to the minimal extent necessary to render it enforceable without losing its intent, or severed from this Agreement if no such modification is possible, and other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
Rotary District 7570 may modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice by posting this amended and dated document to the web site. You should check back periodically to see if anything has changed. Your continued use of the web site indicates your acceptance of the revised terms of use.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Terms of Use Statement please contact us at rfurr(at)vcalc.net.
Privacy Policy
Scope
Rotary7570.org is available as a service to all Rotary Clubs and Rotarians in Rotary District 7570. Your personal privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy describes information that may be gathered while you are using rotary7570.org
Please review this Policy before entering any personal information into rotary7570.org. By using the rotary7570.org website, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Policy. By your continued use you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and limited disclosure of your personal information as described here. If you do not agree with these practices you are free to discontinue your use of the rotary7570.org at any time.
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at rfurr(at)vcalc.net.
1. Data Collection
You may visit the rotary7570.org at any time without intentionally revealing personal information about yourself. However, when you visit the website, we may collect computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the rotary7570.org, IP address and standard web log information and information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data.
Rotary members may update their personal information in rotary7570.org. This information is stored in a SQL database behind a firewall.
When you register for an event on rotary7570.org, we collect basic information like name, address and telephone information. If you purchase by credit card, you are passed to the credit card processor's secure server for processing and payment. The rotary7570.org does not save credit card information. When you register or pay online, a record is maintained of the transaction.
Transactions that you make on this system will be logged in a database, and are available for review.
You have the right to Opt-Out of receiving emails from your district and club. You may set this as part of your own contact preferences.
2. Use of Data
Your personal information will not be used for any purpose other than the administration and marketing of rotary7570.org activities by your club or district.
3. Disclosure of Personal Data
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
4. Access, Review and Change of Personal Data
You can access, review and change most of your personal information by logging on to your account at the rotary7570.0rg
5. Use of Cookies at our Website
The rotary7570.org uses "cookies", which are files stored on your computer to assist in customizing your online service experience. Cookies support the functionality of the site, for example, by keeping track of your visual preferences or controlling the frequency of "pop-up" windows. You are free to prevent cookies from being saved on your computer by adjusting the corresponding settings in your browser. However, turning off these settings may result in limited functionality.
6. Security Measures
Your rotary7570.org account and profile information are password protected. Please note that you should never give your password to anyone else. Rotary7570.org will never ask for your password in e-mail or over the phone. Please remember to log out of your account and to close your Internet browser window when you leave the rotary7570.org, especially when you use a computer in public locations. We assume no liability for the abuse of login data and passwords.
The rotary7570.org treats data as an asset that must be highly protected. We use security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
7. Protection from Web Crawlers or Spam
The rotary7570.org will use your e-mail address with your express consent only for rotary7570.org purposes. We will not rent or sell your e-mail address to third parties, and we will prevent your e-mail address from being recorded by "web crawlers" or "web spiders" to the best of our ability. If you believe that your e-mail address has been recorded in this way, please email us at rfurr(at)vcalc.net immediately.
8. General
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the new Privacy Policy on the rotary7570.org site. Rotary7570.org reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Consequently, you should review this Privacy Policy for changes each time you visit rotary7570.org.
9. Questions?
If you have a privacy question about the rotary7570.org, please email us at rfurr(at)vcalc.net
Refund Policy
Cancellations or refund requests must be in writing and sent to the District Treasurer.
Cancellations or requests for 90% refund must be made before the start of the event.
Refunds are not available after the date of the event.
Rotary 7570 collects information on the registration forms. We are the sole owners of that information and will not sell, share, or rent this information. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy or your personal information, please contact a District Officer.
Rotary 7570 Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Web Solution by IDD, Inc.
© 2020 Rotary 7570
Web Solution by IDD, Inc.