http://www.reachthelost.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Reach The Lost!. The Reach The Lost website and service including (without limitation) all websites, mobile applications and other interactive properties through which the service is delivered (collectively, the “Service”) are owned, operated and distributed by Colorado Christian, LLC., a Colorado corporation (referred to in these Terms of Service as “Reach The Lost” or “we” and through similar words such as “us,” “our,” etc.). By accessing any part of the Service, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions described below (this “Privacy Policy”), the terms and conditions of our Terms of Service (the “Terms of Service”) and any other legal notices published by us on the Service (collectively, the “Governing Documents”). If you do not agree to any of these terms, you should not use the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both users who are simply viewing content available via the Service and users who have registered as members of Reach The Lost.
We may, at our sole discretion, modify this Privacy Policy at any time. By accessing the Service at any time after such modifications, you are agreeing to such modifications. This Privacy Policy was last modified as of May 10, 2020.
GENERAL
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When your register with us and become a Reach The Lost Member, when you choose to teach or attend a course, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. This includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, your credit card number and billing information.
In order to send you e-mail from Reach The Lost, we need your e-mail address. To provide you with additional services, we may also request your name, geographical coordinates, and telephone number. We may give some or all of this information to the teachers for classes that you sign up for so that they can coordinate their classes. We will not give your name, email, or other personal information to unaffiliated third parties except with your consent or as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law or when we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process that we receive or to protect our interests or the safety of others. In addition, we may provide personal information to employees, consultants or other business or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. In such circumstances, we require that these parties agree to protect the confidentiality of such information and to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
OTHER INFORMATION
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Service, and to analyze traffic patterns on the Service. We use cookies, web beacons and similar technology to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit. We may also use web beacons and similar technology in emails that we send to you in order to track whether the emails have been opened. In addition, our web servers track information about the visits to the Service. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to the Service, the daily requests we receive for particular files on the Service, and what geographical areas those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others.
VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose in public areas becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by other users for any reason. Your profile pages and any online classrooms you participate in are typically publicly available, although you have the ability to change the settings to limit access to these areas. You should exercise caution before disclosing your personal information via these or any other public venues.
For example, if you choose to sign up for a free 7-day Reach The Lost trial account, you may have a Profile page on the site, containing your Full Name and some basic information including your location and bio. You may also add additional optional information to your Profile. You may control what type of Profile information is shown to other through your Account Settings. Any information you choose to provide as part of your profile should reflect how much you want other Reach The Lost users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
You must be at least 13 years old to register to use the Service. Accordingly, we do not collect any personal information from children.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Service. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on the Service and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, third-party advertisers may also place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser, or use other technologies such as Java scripts or web beacons.
OTHER SITES
The Service may contain links to other Web sites or services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites or services, and you should review the privacy policy of each such Web site or service to make sure that you are comfortable with it before providing any personal information.
MISCELLANEOUS
In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you are accessing the Service from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Service, which is governed by United States law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Service who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the heading to mike@mikeruman.com or write us at the address listed below.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, you can contact us at mike@mikeruman.com or at Reach The Lost, 1880 Office Club Pointe, Suite 1900, Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Partner With Us
Prayer Team
Connect
Contact
Book A Call
Resources
Blog
Academy