http://www.volunteering.org.uk/privacy
Skip to content
Join usWork for usVenue hireEmail updatesContact us
Sign in using OpenID Connect
HomeAbout usServices and supportPolicy and researchVolunteeringTrainingEventsBlogsMembers' area
Coronavirus: Advice for your organisation
Volunteering and coronavirus: How you can help
Home  >  Privacy
Shopping cart
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Privacy notice
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you contact us by phone, email, letter, attend any of our events or when you use any of our websites listed below:
ncvo.org.uk
blogs.ncvo.org.uk
data.ncvo.org.uk
knowhow.ncvo.org.uk
volunteersweek.org
iiv.investinginvolunteers.org.uk
charitygovernancecode.org
howcharitieswork.com
tools.ncvo.org.uk/trustedcharityessentials
tools.ncvo.org.uk/digitalmaturitymatrix
trustedcharity.ncvo.org.uk
fundingcentral.org.uk
events.ncvo.org.uk
We take your privacy seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information. We aim to be clear and open about our data and security practices.
Where we ask you to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement, and in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you fill in an online form to:
Register for a website account or update your account details
Sign up for email updates
Contact us
Place orders for free or paid products or services
Apply for membership
Complete surveys or provide feedback.
This information may include:
Name, role and organisation
Contact details including email address
Demographic information such as postcode and interests.
We collect material that you proactively post or contribute to our sites and any correspondence you have with us.
We also collect information on your website usage through cookies, if your browser accepts them. Some of our websites feature tracking software – this means that if you're a logged-in user, have filled an online form or have previously clicked a link in one of our emails, we may link your website usage information (such as pages visited, IP address, browser and device used) to other information we hold about you, such as your name and organisation.
When you contact us by email, letter or on the phone, we may also record this information on our customer relationship management system to help us process your request efficiently.
How do we use your information?
We collect information about you to manage your account, process your order or fulfil any contract we have with you.
We use information collected from your website visits to personalise your future visits and to improve the experience we provide to our online users. For example, information like the browser and device you are using helps us to maintain usable and accessible websites for all our audiences.
We also use your information to help us develop products and services that you need, and where we have a lawful basis and permission to contact you, we may use it to help us send you relevant and timely information about the help and support that we offer.
Where do we store your information?
Online forms
The forms on our website are built using a platform hosted in the US, so the information you provide to us is initially stored there. The contract we have with this provider ensures their practices comply with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and we regularly delete data from this system.
In the longer term your data is stored in our customer relationship management system, which is hosted on a secure server in the EU.
Website accounts
If you are a registered user of our website(s), the personal data within your account(s) is stored in secure web servers based in the EU.
You are responsible for keeping your website account password(s) confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone for your own security.
Security and encryption
We take great care to ensure that our websites operate at the highest security levels and that our suppliers are committed to best practice in digital security. All personal information and financial data is encrypted in transmission. However, the security of data transmission via the internet can never be 100% guaranteed, and data transmission is at your own risk.
Cookies
What are cookies and how do we use them?
The use of cookies is common practice on modern websites. A cookie is a small text file which is placed on your computer’s hard drive by a website. When you visit one of our websites, your browser checks to see if it has any cookies for it and sends the information contained in those cookies back to the site in order to tailor and improve your experience.
Our cookies record things like whether you are currently logged into your website account, to ensure you’re given the right access on each page. They make sure the display settings you’ve selected before (for example, preferred language) – or the settings associated with your account permissions – are activated correctly.
We also use third-party cookies to track how our websites are used, as well as to carry out our advertising and marketing activities.
Third-party cookies
When you visit our websites, we allow a number of third parties including Hotjar, Google, Facebook, LinkedIn and ClickDimensions to set cookies on your device to help us better understand who our users are and how they use our websites. This information enables us to:
measure our sites' effectiveness
improve our content and user experience
make our websites more useful and relevant to your interests
promote our services and resources more usefully online
make adverts you see online more relevant to you
limit the number of times you see our promotional advertising.
For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to collect anonymous usage and visitor behaviour information – this includes:
IP address
operating system
browser type
pages visited
links you click on
services you purchase.
Google Advertising cookies help us understand the demographics and interests of our users so we can better meet their needs. If you are a user who has signed up to receive marketing emails from us, you might receive emails containing content that is tailored to your interests, based on your browsing habits collected by ClickDimensions. Similarly, Facebook and LinkedIn cookies help make our adverts more relevant to you.
Some of the services on our websites, such as adverts from CharityJob, videos from Vimeo, and sharing functions from Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn, may place cookies on your computer to enable their service to work properly or to measure usage of their service.
To find out more about how the third parties referred to above use cookies and how to opt out of them, please review their privacy policies. You can also follow the links below:
Hotjar
Google partner sites
Google Analytics opt-outs
Facebook
LinkedIn
ClickDimensions
Email cookies
Our emails and websites contain cookies to tell us whether emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links within an email. We use this information to help us understand how an email campaign has performed, what types of emails and content our users find interesting, and what actions our users took, so we can improve our email campaigns in the future and make our emails more relevant to you.
Can I refuse cookies?
Yes, you can use your browser settings to disable cookies. Different browsers offer different levels of control – for example you may be able to accept certain cookies and reject others, such as third party cookies.
If you refuse cookies please be aware our websites may not work smoothly for you and there will be certain parts that won’t function correctly.
You can delete the cookies stored on your computer at any time.
More information
For further information about cookies, including how to manage your cookie settings, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
For a full list of the cookies we use and what they do, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Email marketing
If you have purchased a product or service from NCVO or have opted-in to hear about NCVO’s products and services, we will send you information which may be of interest to you.
You have a right to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes at any time. All our marketing emails contain unsubscribe links. You can also contact us at any time to request a change to your marketing preferences.
How long do we keep your information?
We do not keep your information for longer than necessary. We keep financial information for seven years due to legal requirements, and we delete all other personal information from our customer relationship management system if we have had no contact with you for three years.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, you can:
email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
write to NCVO, Society Building, 8 All Saints Street, London, N1 9RL
We will not charge you for this service unless the request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive’.
Keeping your information up to date
We want to make sure that any personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please contact us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Sharing your information with other organisations
NCVO will not sell your information to any third party. We may share your information with third parties where we have legal duty to do so or to provide you with a service you have asked for. For example, we use a third party supplier to dispatch publications you may buy on our sites and we use secure third party partners to process financial transactions. We have contracts in place with all third party suppliers to ensure they are obligated to treat our customers’ personal data in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
If NCVO is acquired by a third party, personal data held by NCVO will be one of the transferred assets.
Other websites
Our websites contain links to other websites not run by NCVO. This privacy policy only applies to NCVO websites so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 28 January 2020.
Your rights
Data protection regulations give you clear rights over how your data is used by us. You can find out more detail about your rights by visiting the Information Commissioner’s Office website’s section on individual rights.
You also have the right to report concerns or complain about our handling of your data to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Details of how to do this can be found on its website.
Who we are and how to contact us
NCVO is registered in England as a charitable company limited by guarantee and NCVO Trading is a registered company limited by guarantee which is owned by NCVO. Find out more about NCVO.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you, you can:
Email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Call 020 7713 6161
Write to NCVO, Society Building, 8 All Saints Street, London, N1 9RL.
About us
NCVO champions the voluntary sector and volunteering because they’re essential for a better society. We do this by connecting, representing and supporting voluntary organisations.
More from NCVO
NCVO Knowhow
Funding Central
UK Civil Society Almanac
How Charities Work
Investing in Volunteers
Housekeeping
AboutContactMedia centreSitemapPrivacyTerms and conditionsAccessibility
Follow us
Email updates
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Slideshare
©
2020
NCVO (The National Council for Voluntary Organisations), Registered in England as a charitable company limited by guarantee.
Society Building, 8 All Saints Street, London N1 9RL. | Registered Company Number 198344 | Registered Charity Number 225922
Site by Clickingmad