http://www.anglicancommunion.org/cookies-policy.aspx
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Member Churches
Document Library
News Site
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Home
Mission
Intentional Discipleship
Marks of Mission
History
Resources
Reconciliation
At the UN
Gender Justice
Companion Links
Companion Links Directory
Anglican Alliance
Community
Networks
Religious Communities
Locations
Organisations
Commissions
Structures
Instruments of Communion
Archbishop of Canterbury
Justin Welby
Rowan Williams
Lambeth Conference
Primates Meeting
2020 (Nov)
2020 (Jan)
2017
2016
2011
2009
2007
2005
2003
2002
2001
2000
1991
What is a Primate?
ACC
Standing Committee
ACC-17
ACC-16
ACC-15
ACC-14
ACC-13
ACC-12
ACC-11
ACC-10
ACC-9
ACC-8
ACC-7
ACC-6
ACC-5
ACC-4
ACC-3
ACC-2
ACC-1
Member Churches
Anglican Communion Office
The Secretary General
Staff
Finances
Personal Emergencies Fund
Vacancies
Canon Law
What is the Anglican Communion?
Theology
Theological Education
Theological Education - home
Theological Education staff
Ministry Grids
The Anglican Way
Theological Education Resources
Theological Colleges and Seminaries of the Anglican Communion
Liturgy
Doctrine
Foundations
Covenant
Responses
Resources
Using the Bible
Christian history
Anglican missiology
Worship & preaching
Ecumenism
Ecumenical Dialogues
Churches in Communion
Partnerships
IASCUFO
Ecumenical relations staff
Inter Religious
Muslim
Jewish
Resources
Prayer
Prière
Oración
Oração
Document Library
Book Shop
The Bible in the Life of the Church
Topic
Type
Audience
Communications
Press and Media
News Service
Resources
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This page contains information on what 'cookies' are, the cookies used by any of the Anglican Communion websites, how to switch cookies off in your browser, and some useful links for further reading on the subject
What are 'cookies'?
'Cookies' are small text files that are stored by the browser (e.g. Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. Websites are able to read and write these files, allowing them store things such as personalisation details or user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a "memory" for the website, enabling it to recognise a user and respond appropriately. Each web domain can only access cookies stored by that specific web domain, meaning that only the anglicancommunion.org and aco.org servers can access the cookies set by the anglicancommunion.org and aco.org domains. Most web pages contain elements from multiple web domains. Therefore when you visit anglicancommunion.org or aco.org, your browser may receive cookies from several sources.
How does the Anglican Communion Websites use cookies?
A visit to a page on any of the Anglican Communion websitesmay generate the following types of cookie:Anonymous analytics cookiesGeotargetting cookiesRegistration cookiesThird party cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies:
Every time a user visits our website, web analytics software provided by a third party generates an anonymous analytics cookie. These cookies can tell us whether or not you've visited the site before. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies, and if you don't, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual unique users we have, and how often they visit the site. These cookies cannot be used to identify individuals; they are used for statistical purposes only. This allows us, for example, to tell which pages are the most visited at any one time.
Geotargetting cookies
We also generate anonymous geotargetting cookies. These are used by software which tries to work out what country you are in from information supplied by your browser when it requests a web page. This cookie is completely anonymous, and is only used to help target content.
Registration cookies
When you register with shop.anglicancommunion.org, we generate cookies that represent whether you are signed in or not. Our servers use these cookies to work out which account you are signed in with, and if you are allowed access to a particular service. While you are signed into the site, we combine information from your registration cookies with the above mentioned web analytics cookies, which we could use to identify which pages you have seen as an individual.
Other third party cookies
On some pages, components supplied by third parties may also set their own anonymous cookies, for the purposes of tracking the success of their application, or customising the application for you. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by the Anglican Communion websites.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website. However, you may find that some aspects of the Anglican Communion websites stop working or work less well if you do this.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. In order to understand these setttings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookie settings in Safari
We do not recommend turning cookies off when visiting any on the Anglican Communion websites, as this will prevent you from registering, signing in, and using many of the services on the site.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Internet Advertising Bureau's (IAB) consumer site.
You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms for more information: Network Advertising IniativeThey have provided a one-stop place that gathers all of the opt-out controls.http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Useful links
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following links useful:Microsoft Cookies guideAll About CookiesThe IAB has provided the following website to give information specifically about privacy issues around Internet advertising:youronlinechoices.co.uk/ukFor further legal information about privacy issues, you may find these links useful:Data Protection Act 1998The Information Commissioner's Office
Site Map
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy