http://www.powerchurch.com/privacy/?sid=7dba1b99304914390b824999080e3fb1
Log In
|
Register
PRODUCTS
PowerChurch Plus
PowerChurch Online
PowerChurch Check In
PowerChurch Mailroom
Onebody Hosting
Data Conversion
Compatible Products
View All Products
TRAINING
Online Training Videos
Independent Trainers
Upcoming Seminars
View All Training
DOWNLOAD
Free Demo
Maintenance Release
PowerChurch Online/IDS Client
Remote Helpdesk
Show All Downloads
SUPPORT
E-mail Tech Support
Knowledge Base
Video Tutorials
Newsletters
Screen Connect
Payroll Tax Table Information
Support Policies
View All Support
ORDER
Buy Online
Pay an Invoice
FORUM
CONTACT
FREE DEMO
MENU
PowerChurch Software Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on powerchurch.com. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages include:
Name, Address, E-mail address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information, Registration Number, etc.
Google User Account Information
PowerChurch Software products allow you to send bulk email via SMTP and include a Google Calendar Sync utility. PowerChurch stores either the email address and password (encrypted) or the OAuth token issued by Google. This data is only used for sending emails and/or inserting events into the linked Google Calendar.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We occasionally work with our Authorized Teaching Consultants to provide targeted mailings regarding products and services directly related to PowerChurch Software. We do not sell or otherwise make available your information to outside vendors for any purpose.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. We have several e-mail mailing lists to which users can subscribe and information collected there is only used for the purpose of those opt-in lists. A link is included in all correspondence which allows you to remove yourself from any of the lists which you have joined. E-mail addresses collected in this way are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online information. When you provide your credit card number for a transaction, SSL encrypts all personal information including your account number, name and address.
How can you be sure that any connection is secure? Look at the upper left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing a server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser) the SSL is active and your information is secure. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from 'http' to 'https'.
PowerChurch Software
601 Alliance Ct.
Asheville, NC 28806
Toll Free: (800) 486-1800
Local: (828) 665-1818
Fax: (828) 665-1999
Our office is currently closed. We will open today at 9AM Eastern.
Copyright © 2020
PowerChurch Software
601 Alliance Ct
Asheville, NC 28806
(800) 486-1800
Privacy Policy
Company Information