https://www.icrw.org/privacy-policy/
ICRW is committed to protecting your privacy online. We do not sell any personal identifiable information you supply us. You can review our full policy below for more details.
Types of Information We CollectOur online and download donation forms require that you provide us with your real full name, address, billing address, and phone number. If you are an online user, we request your email address. In certain circumstances, we also require that you provide us with a valid credit card number and credit card expiration date and/or tracking information from checks or money orders. We collect any other personal information that you may voluntarily supply to us, including but not limited to your company or organization name, and job title.
Our Use of Your Personal InformationWe use the personal information about you to provide you with the best possible service. We may analyze personal information to improve our marketing and communications efforts, to statistically analyze site usage and to improve our content and site. However, any compilation of aggregate statistics about the users of our site for use, for example, by prospective partners, or for other marketing or communications purposes, will not contain any personally identifying information about any particular user. In addition, we may use information about you to troubleshoot technical problems on the site.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information to OthersWe will take reasonable measures not to disclose personally identifying information about you or the contents of your communications, except that we may do so in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary: (a) to comply with the law; (b) to comply with legal process; or (c) to protect the interests of ICRW or others.
In addition, information about you will be disclosed to the online payments service (Braintree Payments) so that you can complete your transaction.
No Sale of Your InformationICRW does not sell, trade or rent your personally identifying information to third parties. If we decide to do so in the future, it will not be done without your permission.
SecurityICRW uses industry standard mechanisms and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of personal information, such as secure sockets layer (SSL). However, this is not a guarantee that such security will not fail or that data sent via the Internet can be absolutely secured. You therefore transit information to us at your own risk.
Your ConsentBy using our site, you are consenting to our collection and use of information about you.