http://www.publiceye.org/terms_con.html
Welcome to the Online Archive of the Old PublicEye.Org Website
If You Are Looking for the Current Website for Political Research Associates, Please Click Here
Please remember that this is an archive of an older website for researchers, and it is not being updated. Therefore, much of the material here is not current.
Much like any library archive, it is "out-of-date." Brick and mortar libraries do not toss out older resource materials, they archive them. That is what we have done here.
Home
Issues
Christian Right & Theocracy
Civil Liberties & Political Repression
Economic Justice
Ethno/Racial Justice
Racial Justice
Antisemitism / Islamophobia
White Supremacy
Gender Justice
LGBTQ Equity
Reproductive Justice
Religion & Homophobia, U.S. & Africa
Right Wing Populism
Toxic to Democracy
Conspiracism
Sucker Punch
Challenging the Right
For Activists
Activists: Get Involved
Building a Movement
Right Wing 101
For Researchers
Overview: Study the Right
List of
Bibliographies
More Issues & Topics
Magazine
Current Issue
Past Issues
Subscribe
Books & Reports
Books
Right Wing Populism in America
Mobilizing Resentment
Eyes Right! by Chip Berlet
More Books
Reports
Platform for Prejudice
Globalizing the Culture Wars
Toxic to Democracy
Pioneer Institute: Privatizing the Common Wealth
Pushed to the Altar
More Reports
Activist Resource Kits
Criminal Justice
Democracy
Immigrant Rights
Public Education
Reproductive Justice
Online Bookstore
Multimedia
Featured Multimedia
Audio
Video
Photos and Slideshows
About
Mission, Values, and History
Programs
Staff and Board
PRAccess Newsletter
Internships and Jobs
Newsroom
Press Releases
PRA in the News
Donate
Connect
E-mail Updates & Alerts
Blogs
Liberty Beat Blog
Chip Berlet Blog
Tweets
Facebook
Subscribe to Public Eye Magazine
Donate
Site Guide
Alphabetical
Categorical
By Author
Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policies
Table of Content
Copyright Information
Disclaimer
Privacy Policies
Copyright Information
Please remember that unless otherwise noted, all material on this website is copyrighted ©1982-2010 Political Research Associates. All rights reserved.
If you cite from articles on this website, please include the proper citation and copyright notice.
You can download much of the text on this site for personal use, but be aware that much of the material is copyrighted, and different terms and conditions apply for its use based on author and publisher preference.
There are two kinds of text files on the PRA Public Eye Web Site:
Files that you can read online, download, read offline, copy, and print out for public distribution. These will be specifcally identified.
Files that you can read online, but cannot download, copy, or print out except for personal research use.
Copying and posting on other websites of material copyrighted by Political Research Associates is not allowed without permission.
If we find that you have done this, we will send you an e-mail asking that you delete the material. This includes all articles that have appeared in the Public Eye magazine, all reports published by PRA, and most other lengthy articles by the PRA staff.
Linking to this Web Site is Encouraged!
Links can be to the main page or any individual page or document so long as it is a true link and not a windowed/framed link.
For more information on copyright laws, visit:
General Index on Copyright Law (from Cornell Univeristy)
Fair Use for Education & Scholarship (from Cornell Univeristy)
Disclaimer
Links listed on various pages of the PRA website are provided on an "as-is" and "information-only" basis. Presence of a link does not necessarily imply PRA's endorsement or approval. If a link is no longer in service please contact us. PRA reserves the right to remove link listings at any time. We will not knowingly link to sites that sell information without paying copyright fees to the original authors.
Privacy Policies
Publiceye.org does not sell, rent, exchange or otherwise disclose information about our site visitors.
Publiceye.org does not track the identity of visitors to our Web site. Our site captures limited information about visits to our site, but we use this informationonly to analyze general traffic patterns (e.g. what pages are most/least popular) and to perform routine system maintenance.
If you choose to email us with a question and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, we will not use the information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiry.
If you send us your e-mail address to get on a PRA electronic list, PRA will not sell, rent, exchange or otherwise disclose this information.
If you send us your postal mailing information to get on a PRA postal mailing list, or to purchase publications or other items, PRA will not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose this information. PRA sometimes rents lists from other progressive groups to send out information, notices of new publications, and fundraising materials.
Political Research Associates has a policy against conducting background checks of individuals. PRA does not provide information about a person's personal and private matters including their home address and other sensitive contact information. We apply this policy to our own research, as well as research from other groups that we have placed on our website.
PRA believes that privacy rights are important to safeguard, and are easily abused by data collection and research groups. Sometimes this happens inadvertently or with the best of intentions. Our policy seeks a high standard in this area by simply choosing not to answer information requests that seek personal and private information, no matter what the purpose of the information request.
Online Articles
Most Recent Articles: UpFront
More Articles Features from past issues of The Public Eye Magazine
PRA Reports - Online
Former Front Page Stories & Announcements
Spotlight On
Civil Liberties & Repression
Economic Justice
LGBTQ Equity
Racial Justice
Reproductive Justice
Christian Right & Theocracy
Understanding the Right
More Article Topics
Explore
Selected Topics
. . . Civil Liberties
. . . Economic Justice
. . . LGBT Equity
. . . Racial Justice
. . . Reproductive Justice
. . . The Christian Right
. . . More Topics
Selected Sectors of the Right
. . . Religious Right
. . . Neoconservatives
. . . Chart of Sectors
Site Guide
. . . Browse Articles by Author
. . . Browse Articles by Category
. . . Browse Articles Guide
. . . Browse Public Eye Magazine
Build a Movement
. . . For Activists
. . . For Researchers
Browse Topics | Site Guide | Multimedia Bookstore | Magazine | Publications | Activists Resources
Political Research Associates
About Us
PRA News
Watch short videos about PRA
Donate!
PRA is an affiliate of:
Causes in Common
Talk to Action
Open The Government
Building Human Rights
Stop Spying
Other Allies in Activism and Research
Copyright Information, Terms, and Conditions
Please read our Terms and Conditions for copyright information regarding downloading, copying, printing, and linking material on this site; our disclaimer about links present on this website; and our privacy policy.
Updates and Corrections
Unless otherwise noted, all material on this website is copyright 1981-2013 by Political Research Associates
Home | Magazine | Press | Multimedia | About | Donate | Site Guide
Political Research Associates • 1310 Broadway, Suite 201 • Somerville, MA 02144
Voice: 617.666.5300 • Fax: 617.666.6622 • contact@politicalresearch.org