http://www.redcross.org.au/privacy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy
Your privacy
For queries regarding emergency relief for temporary migrants
Privacy statement
Personal information collected by Red Cross is protected by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). Personal information is any information or an opinion that identifies you or is reasonably identifiable and includes sensitive and health information.
Red Cross complies with the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act in handling personal information collected from clients/beneficiaries, business partners, donors, members of the public and Red Cross people (including members, volunteers, employees, delegates, candidates for volunteer work and prospective employees).
Red Cross has developed a Privacy Policy to protect your privacy. The Policy is available below or in hard copy on request. It contains more information about Red Cross' responsibilities, your rights, the information that may be collected by Red Cross, and how it would be used.
The primary purpose for collecting personal information from individuals is to provide services to vulnerable people, including planning, funding, monitoring and evaluating our services. The kind of information we collect will depend on your relationship with Red Cross (e.g. as a client, donor, business partner, employee, volunteer or member, online user of the Red Cross website). A collection notice will be given to you setting out these uses at or close to the time we collect any information.
Your personal information may be used to:
provide you with a service,
report to government or other funding bodies how funding is used,
process your donation or purchase and provide receipts,
communicate with you about how your donation is used or about Red Cross services, causes, events, products and services, which we believe may be of interest to you,
respond to your feedback or complaints, and
answer your queries.
It may also be used for:
any other specific purpose for which it was requested and which was advised to you in the collection notice, and
directly related purposes.
Wherever possible, Red Cross uses information in a de-identified form. Personal information will not be disclosed to third parties without your consent, except where permitted or required under the Privacy Act.
All personal information collected from individuals will be securely stored by Red Cross and protected from unauthorised use or access. All reasonable steps will be taken to ensure information is accurate and up-to-date. Our Privacy Policy also provides a process for requesting access to your personal information and making a privacy complaint.
If you have any enquiries in relation to privacy or personal information please contact:
Head of Legal
Legal & Policy Unit
Australian Red Cross Society
23–47 Villiers St North Melbourne VIC 3051
Tel: 1800 RED CROSS (733 276)
Fax: 61 3 9348 2513
Email: privacy@redcross.org.au
If you wish to change how you receive communications from Red Cross (via mail, phone or email) please email us at contactus@redcross.org.au or call 1800 RED CROSS (733 276).
Privacy collection notice
Who is collecting the information?
Australian Red Cross Society
Privacy concerns can be sent to:
Head of Legal
Legal & Policy Unit
Australian Red Cross Society
23–47 Villiers St, North Melbourne VIC 3051
Tel: 1800 RED CROSS (733 276)
Fax: 61 3 9348 2513
Email: privacy@redcross.org.au
Facts and circumstances of collection
We may collect your information in a number of ways:
directly from you (for example, when you visited our website or contact us by telephone)
from third parties (for example, our professional marketing and fundraising contractors)
from publicly available sources or information (for example, White Pages).
Is the collection being made because a law or Court order applies?
No law or Court order applies to the collection of this information.
Why does Red Cross need to collect this information?
We need to collect this information so that we can do one or more of the following:
process your donation
process your membership
to verify your identity
enable you to participate in our activities or provide you with information about our activities
provide you with a tax receipt at tax time
enable you to participate in or invite you to participate in our fundraising campaigns including disaster appeals, raffles and other events such as the Big Cake Bake
to gain an understanding of your communication needs, to perform research and analysis to improve the way in which we engage with you as a supporter.
We also use your information for direct marketing. We use your information to promote our humanitarian activities and other services that we think will interest you. This marketing may be by email, phone, SMS, post or online. You are entitled to opt out of direct marketing at any time.
The primary purpose for which the information is being collected
The primary purpose of collecting your information depends on why we initially collected your information. Typically, the primary purpose will be one or more of
to process your donation
to process your membership
to participate in our activities (for example, Big Cake Bake, Wills Day, etc)
to provide you with direct marketing
The secondary purposes (if any) for which Red Cross is collecting this information
The secondary purpose of collecting your information is to profile our supporters so that we provide you with the high quality service and information that you expect from us.
For the Go Without Challenge or Red Cross Calling Events we may use your name on our website for the leaderboard.
What happens if Red Cross doesn't collect his information?
If Red Cross does not collect this information from you we may not be able to process your donation or membership, enable you to participate in our activities or provide you with direct marketing.
Anonymity/Nickname
You have the right to ask that we do not record your real name. Sometimes we may require your real name, for example, if you wish to be a member.
The organisations we usually disclose this information to are
We may disclose your information to third parties that provide services to us. These services include professional marketing and fundraising organisations who provide us with letter printing, call centre, email and data analysis services. These organisations may provide us with other similar services. We may also disclose your information to organisations that provide us with information technology and banking services.
Access and correction
Information about accessing your information and requesting corrections is set out in the Red Cross Privacy Policy below. You can request a hard copy of our privacy policy by contacting:
Head of Legal
Legal & Policy Unit
Australian Red Cross Society
23–47 Villiers St North Melbourne VIC 3051
Tel: 1800 RED CROSS (733 276)
Fax: 61 3 9348 2513
Email: privacy@redcross.org.au
Complaints
Information about how to complain is also in the Red Cross Privacy Policy. You can also complain direct to the Privacy Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
Will my information be stored offshore?
Your information is stored in Australia. Sometimes organisations that we may disclose your information to are located outside Australia. For example, we may disclose your information to service providers in New Zealand.
I understand that I can make a request not to receive direct marketing at any time by emailing contactus@redcross.org.au or calling 1800 RED CROSS (733 276).
Privacy collection notice: Get Prepared app
Who is collecting the information?
Australian Red Cross Society
Privacy concerns can be sent to:
Head of Legal
Legal & Policy Unit
Australian Red Cross Society
23–47 Villiers St North Melbourne VIC 3051
Tel: 1800 RED CROSS (733 276)
Fax: 61 3 9348 2513
Email: privacy@redcross.org.au
Facts and circumstances of collection
The information will be collected directly from you when you enter it into your phone to access the Get Prepared app.
Is the collection being made because a law or Court order applies?
No law or Court order applies to the collection of this information.
Why does Red Cross need to collect this information?
We need to collect this information so we can better tailor the Get Prepared app to your individual needs to assist you in preparing for emergencies and disasters.
The primary purpose for which the information is being collected
To facilitate your use of the Get Prepared app.
The secondary purposes (if any) for which Red Cross is collecting this information
To use the information to prepare de-identified reports that will inform future enhancements to the app.
What happens if Red Cross doesn’t collect this information?
You will not have the full benefit of using the Get Prepared app.
Anonymity/Nickname
You can use any email address or provide a nickname instead of your real name. However, your correct address must be included if the app is to operate correctly.
The organisations we usually disclose this information to
Third parties who will store this information on behalf of Red Cross.
Access and correction
Information about accessing your information and requesting corrections is set out in Red Cross’ Privacy Policy.
You can request a hard copy of our privacy policy by contacting the representative at the top of this form.
Complaints
Information about how to complain is also in the Red Cross Privacy Policy. You can also complain direct to the Privacy Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
Will my information be stored offshore?
Your information may be stored in the cloud.
Privacy policy
Date of commencement: 24 February 2018
We are the Australian Red Cross Society (ABN 50 169 561 394) (“us”, “we”, “our”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and handle personal information. It tells you how to contact us if you have any questions about how we handle your personal information.
We take our privacy obligations seriously.  We will handle personal information in accordance with all relevant laws including the Australian Privacy Act.
Please note that this Policy does not apply to the Australian Red Cross Blood Service. It has a separate policy. The Blood Service Privacy Policy is available here.
What is “personal information”?
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable. It includes information or opinion:
whether the information or opinion is true; and
whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
“Personal information” includes sensitive information such as health information. It includes information which we request. It also includes information which is given to us, which we have not requested.
May I choose not to provide personal information?
You may choose not to agree to provide the personal information we request.
If you make that choice, then we may not be able to provide you with our assistance, products, services, or opportunities. Or we may not be able to engage with you or respond to your queries or requests.
By providing your personal information to us, you confirm that you have agreed to us collecting, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may collect sensitive information about you, such as health information. When we do so, we will seek your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information at the time of collection.
Kinds of personal information we collect
The kinds of personal information that we may collect and hold about you include those listed here.
Identifying information, such as your name and date of birth.
Details of products or services that we provide to you.
Information about how you use the products and services we provide.
Records of our interactions with you.
Contact information, such as your address, email and telephone number(s).
Financial information, such as credit card, bank account or other payment details.
Details of products or services that you provide to us.
Government-issued identifiers - such as health service providers’ practitioner numbers.
Usernames and passwords that you create when registering for an account with us.
Social media handles and other social media profile information that you make available to us or to the public.
Information about your health.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information from people and organisations. This includes
our employees
job applicants
volunteers
members
the people that we provide services to
our suppliers
the general public (such as donors and visitors to our website)
our other business and research partners.
We collect personal information from you when you
accept assistance from us
receive our products or services
donate
become a member or volunteer
provide us with products or services
submit a query or request to us
respond to a survey or fill in one of our forms.
We collect personal information from our service providers whom we engage to provide services on our behalf.
We collect personal information by tracking your use of our websites and mobile applications (in which case we may also collect information about your IP address, location or activity). This information helps us to keep connected with you through understanding use of our website. The information we collect may include information to enable us to personalise your experience on our website and to enable us to statistically monitor how you are using our website.
We may also use this information
to conduct marketing and promotional efforts,
to provide information to your browser that we think may be of interest to you,
to determine the popularity of certain content.
We collect personal information when you participate in programs or events that we run or support.
We collect personal information in several ways. These are face-to-face; over the phone; by email; over the internet (including social media platforms); and in writing.
Purposes for which we collect and use personal information
When we collect your personal information, we will provide you with more information about the reason for the collection. We may also tell you more about any other specific matters that are relevant to collecting that information.
If you have agreed, we collect and use personal information for one or more of several purposes.  These will depend upon what is relevant to your situation.
To enable us to help through our various community programs.
To provide humanitarian and emergency assistance.
To provide health services.
To manage our relationship with you, including confirming your identity, responding to any queries or requests and contacting you for follow-up purposes.
To enable us to provide our products and services, including through retail operations;
To enable us to raise funds – example: through direct fundraising, administering memberships and bequests.
To administer our international programs – example: when we deploy employees, contractors or volunteers overseas.
To analyse use of our products and services, and carry out quality assurance activities, including through working with third parties.
To provide education and training, both internally and externally - example: to our staff and other organisations.
To keep you informed of our activities, including through sending out newsletters and electronic communications.
To manage and develop our business and operational processes and systems.
To manage and resolve any legal or commercial complaints or issues.
To comply with our legal obligations.
To perform other functions and activities relating to our business.
We may use your personal information to send you marketing materials about products or services that may be of interest to you.  You can opt-out of receiving these marketing communications from us by contacting our Supporter Services Centre 1800 RED CROSS (733 276).
We may also use and disclose your information in accordance with your requests or instructions.
People to whom we disclose personal information
If you have agreed, we may share your personal information with some other people. This will depend upon what is relevant to your situation.
When we collect your personal the information we will request your agreement to sharing it.  We will provide you with more information about the reasons for the information to be shared.
If you have agreed, the other people with whom we may share your personal information, depending upon your situation, could be amongst those listed here.
Local authorities engaged in humanitarian work, disaster relief and other activities in which we are involved (including in places where we operate our international programs).
Our staff, contractors and volunteers, on a ‘need-to-know’ basis.
Other persons authorised by or responsible for you (such as your employer when you participate in one of our training programs held at your organisation).
Our business partners, agents, professional advisors and service providers (including health service providers, translators, interpreters and other third parties we work with or engage, to provide our services.
Red Cross or Red Crescent National Societies located in other countries, and the International Federation of the Red Cross Red Crescent Societies (“IFRC”), to further the work of the International Red Cross Red Crescent Movement in assisting those who are the most vulnerable;
Your representatives and advisers.
Government agencies, such as those who we receive funding from.
Universities and research organisations.
Payment system operators and financial institutions.
Other parties as authorised or required by law.
In some cases, the people to whom we disclose your personal information may be located overseas, such as the IFRC and National Societies noted above.
We may need to disclose your personal information to a third party located overseas, for a purpose set out in this Privacy Policy. In this case, we will only do so to the extent necessary. We will also take reasonable steps to ensure that the third party handles your personal information in accordance with Australian privacy laws.
We may also disclose your personal information to overseas organisations where you tell us to do so or you expressly consent to us doing so.  In such cases, it may not be possible or appropriate for us to take the steps set out above in relation to the management of your information. We will tell you about this at the time.
Storage and security of personal information
We generally store the personal information that we collect in electronic databases.  Some of these databases may be held on our behalf by third party data storage providers.  We may also keep hard copy records of personal information in physical storage facilities.
We use physical and technical security processes to protect the confidentiality and security of the information that we hold.
For example, when we collect sensitive information such as health information:
We store this information separately (both physically and electronically).
We only allow access to our personnel who need to use the information.
We also update our processes to address new and emerging security threats that we become aware of.
We will only keep your personal information for as long we need it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Your personal information will be destroyed or de-identified when it is no longer required.
Access and correction
You may want to access any of the personal information that we hold about you.  You may also want to correct some aspect (for example, because you think it is incomplete or incorrect). If so, please contact our Privacy Compliance Team using the contact details below.
To make sure your information is only given to you, we will ask you to follow an access procedure, which will include steps to prove your identity.
In some cases, we may not be able to provide information in response to your request. For example, this could happen if for example it would interfere with the privacy of others or result in a breach of confidentiality. In these cases, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot comply with your request.
Queries and complaints
We aim to always meet the highest standards to safeguard your privacy.
However, you may be concerned about the way in which we are managing your personal information. You may like to discuss any information contain in this Privacy Policy.  If so, please contact our Privacy Compliance Team using the contact details below.  We will make a record of your complaint or query and we will deal with the matter as soon as we can.
If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time or if you feel that your complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction, you are entitled under the Privacy Act to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. You can contact that office:
by phone on 1300 363 992.
Teletypewriter (TTY) users phone 133 677, then ask for 1300 363 992.
Speak and Listen users phone 1300 555 727, then ask for 1300 363 992.
Internet relay users connect to the National Relay Service, then ask for 1300 363 992.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, to take into account changes to our standard practices and procedures or where necessary to comply with new laws and regulations.  The latest version of this policy will always be available on our website.
Privacy Compliance Team Contact details
If you require any further information from us on privacy matters, please contact our Privacy Compliance Team at:
Head of Legal
Legal & Policy Unit
Australian Red Cross Society
23–47 Villiers St North Melbourne VIC 3051
Tel: 1800 RED CROSS (733 276)
Fax: 61 3 9348 2513
Email: privacy@redcross.org.au