http://www.secretservice.gov/privacy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Protection
Investigation
About
Join
Press & Media
Contact
Search
Protective Mission
Who do we protect?
How Protection Works
NSSE - Security Events
National Threat Assessment Center
Investigative Mission
Cyber
Counterfeit
Forensic
Counterfeit Note Report
Know Your Money
Overview
Leadership
History
FAQs
Careers
Opportunities
Applications
Career Events
Training
Commitment To Diversity
Press Releases
Social Media
Reports
FOIA and Privacy Act
Information Quality
Gallery
Field Offices
Contact Us
ECTF & FCTF Locator
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Secret Service's website and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is simple. We collect NO personal information such as names or addresses when you visit our website. If you choose to provide that information to us, it is only used to fulfill your request for information.
We do collect some technical information when you visit to make your experience seamless. The section below explains how we handle and collect technical information when you visit our website.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you browse, read pages or download information on the Secret Service's website, we automatically gather and store certain technical information about your visit. This information never identifies who you are. The information we collect and store about your visit is listed below:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website
The type of browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) and operating system (Windows, Unix) used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visit
If you linked to the Secret Service website from another website, the address of that website
This information is only used to help us make the site more useful for you. With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We never track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Cookies
The Secret Service website does not use enabled "cookies".
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information (such is the case when you fill out a Contact Us form with personal information and submit it to us through the website) we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you requested. We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. We never create individual profiles or share it with any private organizations. The Secret Service never collects information for commercial marketing.
Site Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Prohibitions
The Secret Service will not link to any website that exhibits hate, bias or discrimination. Furthermore, we reserve the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims, or is determined to be in conflict with Secret Service mission or policies.
Disclaimer of Endorsement & Linking Policy
The information posted on the Secret Service website includes hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. The Secret Service provides these links and pointers solely for our users' information and convenience. When users select a link to an outside website, they are leaving the Secret Service site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website.
The Secret Service does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness or completeness of information contained on a linked website.
The Secret Service does not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites, and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer.
The Secret Service does not and cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website.
The Secret Service is not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites.
The Secret Service does not guarantee that outside websites comply with the requirements of Section 508 (Accessibility Requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act.
Home
Security Notice
Privacy Policy
OIG
FOIA
Accessibility
No Fear Act
DHS.gov
DHS Budget
USA.gov
To view PDFs you must have Adobe Reader version 5.0 or greater
Official website of the Department of Homeland Security