http://www.bailii.org/bailii/privacy.html
[Home]
[Databases]
[World Law]
[Multidatabase Search]
[Help]
[Feedback]
Related Links
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers of Liability
You are here:
BAILII >>
About BAILII >>
Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.bailii.org/bailii/privacy.html
BAILII's privacy policies are based on respect for international
standards of information privacy protection.
Data Protection Policy
Announcement regarding the 2020 Blackbaud data loss incident
A. Information concerning usage of BAILII
A1. BAILII collects information which identifies, for each
page accessed on BAILII, the network identity of the machine which
has accessed it.
BAILII retains this usage information for purposes
of network analysis, usage analysis, and research into usage patterns
for the purpose of improving BAILII services. Access to and use of
this information is restricted to BAILII management and staff, and to
researchers working on BAILII projects and subject to an agreement to
adhere to this Privacy Policy.
A2. BAILII does not disclose or publish information which
identifies individual machines, or potentially identifying
sub-groupings of addresses, without consent. BAILII does publish
aggregated information about usage patterns.
A3. BAILII reserves the right to gather more extensive
information than stated above (i) about any attempted access to
BAILII which raise security issues (and, where necessary, to make
disclosures to relevent authorities); and (ii) for network analyses on
an occasional basis.
A4. BAILII may use and disclose usage information on an
anonymous and aggregated basis in support of fund-raising requests.
BAILII may also use aggregated usage information for particular
organisations in support of fund-raising requests made to those
organisations.
B. Personal information contained in BAILII databases
B1. Some BAILII databases contain personal information,
including the decisions of Courts and Tribunals, and the reports of
Royal Commissions.
BAILII publishes these databases with the consent
of the public bodies concerned. It is the responsibility of the public
bodies which provide these databases to BAILII to determine, subject
to the requirements of the laws under which they operate, the
appropriate balance between the privacy interests of individuals and
the public interests in dissemination of the information. In
particular, if personal data is to be anonymised before publication,
this is done by the public body concerned. BAILII does not and can
not censor part or all of the information provided by these public
bodies for publication.
B2. BAILII does not consent to the contents of these
databases being indexed by other web sites. BAILII attempts to
prevent such indexing occurring by placing these databases outside the
permitted scope of web 'crawlers', 'robots' or 'spiders' that adhere
to the voluntary Robot Exclusion Standard
BAILII also monitors whether any robots attempt to index these
databases in disregard of this Standard, and takes steps to exclude
any that do so from any access to BAILII.
B3. BAILII users should note that there are legal
limitations on the use, publication and dissemination of some personal
information contained in BAILII databases.
BAILII reserves the right to exclude access to its databases by
users or sites that are in apparent breach of any such legal
requirements.
C. Personal Information relating to Fundraising and Engagement
BAILII engages the University of London to provide fundraising
services and as a data processor in relation to fundraising
and engagement. The University on behalf of BAILII maintains
information about donors, including personal donors and contacts
for corporate donors, and contact information for invitees /
attendees at the annual Sir Henry Brooke Lecture. See also Donations.
If you have any comments or suggestions in relation to this policy,
please send us some mail.
BAILII:
Copyright Policy |
Disclaimers |
Privacy Policy |
Feedback |
Donors |
Donate to BAILII
URL: https://www.bailii.org/bailii/privacy.html