http://www.hudin.com/terms-conditions/
LOG IN · CART
LOG IN · CART
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions shall govern your use of the website, Hudin.com. By using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
This website uses cookies; by using this website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy and cookies policy.
Copyright
We own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
Website Use
You may: view pages from our website in a web browser, download pages from our website for caching in a web browser, print pages from our website where permitted, use our website services by means of a web browser, subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
Except as expressly permitted by provisions in these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from this website or save any such material to your computer. You may only use this website for your own personal and business purposes. All other uses are forbidden.
As expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on this website whether for replication, alteration, or any other forms of viewing the website contents that are not previously permitted.
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed this whole website, at our discretion; you are not permitted to circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on this website.
Acceptable use
You must not: use this website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website, use this website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity, use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software, conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent, use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity.
You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through this website, or in relation to this website, is [true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading].
Registration and Accounts
Please see our Membership Terms
Limited warranties
We do not warrant or represent: the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website, that the material on the website is up to date, that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of this website services, and to stop publishing this website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in these terms and conditions will: limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law, or exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
Breaches of these Terms and Conditions
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may: send you one or more formal warnings, temporarily suspend your access to our website, permanently prohibit you from accessing our website.
Revisions
We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time. The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of this website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws in the United States of America and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts.
Privacy & Cookies: You know the drill and that to view the site you need to accept the cookie policy.
Cookie Policy
X