http://www.unglobalcompact.org/privacy-policy
Last update: May 2018 This privacy policy applies to all websites and mobile applications linking to or posting this privacy policy (each a “Site”). 1) Purpose of this privacy policyThis privacy policy describes how we use, store, disclose, and process personal information that we obtain through any of our Sites, including information that you may provide in connection with a letter of commitment and online application to become a participant of the UN Global Compact (together, an “Application”), or that we obtain through the course of our operations. Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your information. The term “personal information” as used in this privacy policy shall mean any information that enables us to identify an individual, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to the individual.2) Who we are This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the UN Global Compact and the Foundation for the Global Compact (from now on "we", "us" or "our"). Both these entities are the controller and responsible for the following websites (from now on “Sites”):
Breakthrough Innovation
Caring for Climate
CEO Water Mandate
Children’s Rights and Business Principles
Human Rights and Business Dilemma Forum
PRME – Principles for Responsible Management and Education
SDG Compass
Sustainable Supply Chains: Resources and Practices
The Fight Against Corruption
The Foundation for the Global Compact
UN Global Compact
UN Global Compact Quick Self-Assessment and Learning Tool
UN-Business Action Hub
WEPs Gender Gap Analysis ToolControl and responsibility for the CEO Water Mandate website is shared with the Pacific Institute. Some information may be shared with our Global Compact Local Networks (see “How we Share Information”). If you would like to know more about our Local Networks, please click here. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our processing activities, please contact us at info@unglobalcompact.org. 3) Information we collect a) Information you provide to usWe may collect certain personal information associated with your Application and when you use or access any of our Sites, including but not limited to some or all of the following: name, email address and contact details of organization representatives. When you contact us directly via email, we use the personal information provided in your email to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference. b) Information we collectBy accessing the Sites certain information about the user, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with other similar information, will be stored on our servers. These will not specifically identify the user. We also may collect any telephone number from which you contact us.
c) CookiesWe use “cookies” and similar technologies on our Sites. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Sites. For more information please see our Cookie Notice 4) How we use informationWe use the personal information you choose to provide us through any of our Sites, in the Application or by other means for one or more of the following purposes
To register you as the designated contact point for a Participant or Signatory or prospective Participant or Signatory of the UN Global Compact and/or joint initiatives,
To manage our relationship and status with your organization as a Participant or Signatory of the UN Global Compact and/or joint initiatives, including notifying you about changes to our policies and/or asking you to take a survey,
To receive bulletins and newsletters,
To receive information on specific engagement opportunities (including events, webinars, participation in Action Platforms, etc.) available to Participants and Signatories of the UN Global Compact or other information on activities, resources and reports offered by our initiative and/or other joint initiatives and/or Global Compact Local Networks and/or partner organizations,To receive communications concerning an individual role you undertake as part of the governance of the UN Global Compact and/or other joint initiatives,
Targeted outreach to flag high-level engagement opportunities,
To manage the implementation of our integrity processes with Participants and Signatories or prospective Participants and Signatories of the UN Global Compact, including through formal and informal engagement,
To respond to inquiries,
To receive logistic notes about events, webinars and/or other programmes,To confirm and administer your participation in online trainings, self-assessment tools or hubs
To administer and protect our operations and our Sites (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data),
To deliver relevant content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of that content,
To use data analytics to improve our Sites.
5) How we share informationData provided in the Application is shared with the Global Compact Local Network in the country where you are located so that you can learn about engagement opportunities and activities available at the national/local level,If you apply as a participant to the PRME initiative, upon approval of your application we share your data with the PRME Chapter representatives,We may share your personal information with trusted third parties that provide services to help us with our activities.We will only transfer your personal information to trusted third parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.We may disclose personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, law enforcement proceeding, regulatory inquiry or as otherwise legally required. Such disclosure of personal information will be limited (a) to the extent necessary to comply with national security, public interest, or law enforcement requirements or (b) by statute, government regulation or case law that creates conflicting obligations or explicit authorizations.Also, we may share personal information in order to enforce or apply our terms and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Global Compact Networks, our Participants or Signatories, or others. This includes exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.6) How long we keep informationWe store personal information, in a form which permits us to identify individuals, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the personal information is processed. We use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically and reasonably feasible to remove it. Otherwise, we will seek to delete personal information within a reasonable timeframe upon request.7) SecurityWe maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure and that are consistent with our operations and generally accepted industry standards. These measures include the implementation of technical, physical and administrative security safeguards. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information that you transmit to us and you agree that you provide this and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive personal information from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems. We have established policies and procedures for securely managing personal information and protecting personal information against unauthorized access.8) Third parties websitesOur Sites may contain links to other websites that are not covered by this privacy policy and where information practices may be different from ours. Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. Please be aware that the terms of this privacy policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.9) Additional disclosures for users based in the European Uniona) GeneralWe are headquartered in the United States. By using any of our Sites from outside the United States, you acknowledge that your personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States and to our affiliates, partners, and service providers who are located around the world; and that your personal information will be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or elsewhere in the world where our servers are located. If you are based in the EU, we will only process your personal information for a purpose described in this privacy policy if (1) you have provided your consent (which can be withdrawn at any time), (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, (3) we are required by law, or (5) the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests (except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests).b) Data privacy rightsIf you are based in the EU, in certain circumstances you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal information that we hold about you—specifically:
Request access to your personal information. You may have the right to request access to any personal information we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal information, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal information will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your personal information. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal information. You may have the right to request that personal information held about you be deleted.
Request restriction of processing your personal information. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information. You may have the right to request transfer of your personal information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Also, where you believe that we have not complied with our obligation under this privacy notice or European data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority.You can exercise any of these rights by emailing us at info@unglobalcompact.org.10) Changes to this privacy policyWe reserve the right to update or modify this privacy policy from time to time, with any such changes to be effective prospectively. Please visit this web page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such changes. Your continued use of any of our Sites after any modification to this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.11) Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy notice, please contact us via email at: info@unglobalcompact.org.
News
Events
Academy
2020-12-09
New York, NY, United States of America
Corporate leaders commit to ramping up climate action in the lead-up to the Climate Ambition Summit and COP26 — but the race to zero has only just begun
2020-12-04
New York, NY, United States of America
MEDIA ADVISORY: UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed will address Female Business, Government and Civil Society leaders at virtual conference on women entrepreneurship
2020-12-03
New York, NY, United States of America
MEDIA ADVISORY: High-level Caring for Climate meeting aims to ramp up ambition in race to net zero emissions
2020-12-03
New York, NY, United States of America
African business leaders call for sustainable response to the COVID-19 pandemic at UN Global Compact event
2020-11-25
New York, NY, United States of America
Statement from Sanda Ojiambo, CEO & Executive Director, UN Global Compact, on the death of João Alberto Silveira Freitas
2020-11-17
New York, NY, United States of America
Media Advisory: UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed to address African Business, Government and Civil Society leaders at virtual SDG summit
2020-11-17
New York, NY, United States of America
Call for G20 Leadership on fair and just recovery ahead of 21-22 November Summit
2020-11-16
Geneva, Switzerland
UN Global Compact announces support for mandatory human rights due diligence
2020-11-12
New York, United States of America
UN Global Compact convenes business leaders at
Water Day of the Race to Zero Dialogues
15-Dec-2020
Uniting Business in a Decade of Action - Key Findings from 20th Anniversary Progress Report (in Chinese)
15-Jun-2021
UN Global Compact Leaders Summit: 2021
17-Jun-2021
New York, NY - Capitale (130 Bowery Street) and the UN Headquarters
2020 PRME Global Forum