http://www.scopists.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement is applicable to Scopists.com and associated regional
affiliate websites.
Scopists.com certifies full compliance with the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act (COPPA) and other applicable federal regulations regarding
on-line privacy. Scopists.com does not collect personally identifiable
information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide
such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable
information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the
registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection
with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards),
suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. Personally
identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise
transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user
at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have
the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of
receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products,
services and offerings from Scopists.com and/or any third parties. Further,
notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, Scopists.com
reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes
to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying
service and/or the information collected.
Scopists.com reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior
and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various
areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as
the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising
banners. Scopists.com will provide only aggregated data from these analyses
to third parties. Also, users should be aware that Scopists.com may sometimes
permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services
through a Scopists.com site. Scopists.com is not responsible for any actions
or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy
policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.
Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose
personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on
the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Scopists.com sites, that
information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's
communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties
and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties.
Such activities are beyond the control of Scopists.com.
Commercial entities are hereby put on notice that "harvesting" of e-mail
addresses through the use of web "spiders" or other similar activities for
the use of unsolicited commercial e-mail (UCE or "spam") is strictly forbidden.
Violation of this policy will lead to referral to the appropriate authorities,
including the commercial entity's Internet service provider, and appropriate
legal authorities, when applicable. Scopists.com reserves the right to invoice
such unauthorized advertisers at our current cost per impression advertising
rate for appropriation of these addresses. Unsolicited commercial emails
are strictly prohibited through any Scopists.com mailrings, and may result
in the immediate billing for unauthorized advertising at the rate of $1.00
per subscriber per mail list utilized.
Users should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically
collected through the standard operation of Scopists.com's internet servers
or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site
can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to
and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile
aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising.
Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files.
Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has
no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that Scopists.com
cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers
or third parties hosting data for Scopists.com. If a user does not want
information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure
in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature;
however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user
with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available
on the Scopists.com Site.
Upon request, Scopists.com will allow any user to "opt out" of further
promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, Scopists.com
will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information
previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such
activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon
a user's request, Scopists.com will use commercially reasonable efforts to
functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its
database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without
some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
The foregoing policies are effective as of January 1, 2000. Scopists.com
reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of
the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies
outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or
other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
DMCA Safe Harbor Provision
In accordance with section 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA),
Scopists.com designates the following as agent for notification of potential
violations of the DMCA:
William Sober
C/O Scopists.com division of Logical Resources
17806 Springtree
Humble, TX 77396
(281) 454-7885
Email: webmaster@Scopists.com