https://www.wn.org/contact/privacy-policy/
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
World Neighbors’ Donor Privacy Policy
We value your commitment to our work and we, in turn, are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to www.wn.org and World Neighbors and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to World Neighbors include www.wn.org and World Neighbors. By using the World Neighbors website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
World Neighbors encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from World Neighbors so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. World Neighbors is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the World Neighbors website.
Collection of your Personal InformationWhen you visit our website, we collect some non-identifying basic information. This includes total number of visitors, pages viewed and other non-identifying information. We use this aggregate information to improve our website and to make your experience as smooth as possible.
When you make a credit card donation either online; through direct mail; when visiting World Neighbors or at a World Neighbors sponsored event, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information.
Use of your Personal InformationWe use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data. We use your mailing address to send your tax-deductible receipt(s) and to periodically keep you informed about our work in different parts of the world through our publications.
World Neighbors will not share your personal information with any third party, including other nonprofit organizations. It is our policy not to sell, rent or lease its donor lists, or any of your personal information, to anyone.
World Neighbors will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on World Neighbors or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of World Neighbors; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of World Neighbors, or the public.
Use of CookiesThe World Neighbors website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize World Neighbors pages, a cookie helps World Neighbors to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as your credit card billing address. When you return to the same World Neighbors website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the World Neighbors features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Security of your Personal InformationDonations made to us in-person and online are secure. Our online order processing system allows you to make safe donations and purchases. We use the latest encryption technology, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to insure that no one can read your information as it travels to our ordering system.
We use a third-party financial institution to process our credit card transactions. The institution receives the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment. Their encryption technology offers the highest level of security available on the Internet today. They have state-of-the-art firewalls and other security technology in place to insure the confidentiality of your transactions.
Children under ThirteenWorld Neighbors does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
Correcting Your InformationYou can ensure that your account information is correct and current by reviewing and updating it at any time. You may do so as often as necessary by sending us an e-mail or submitting our contact form, and we will assist you in updating your information.
Opt-Out & UnsubscribeWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. In addition, we will alter the amount of mail you may receive from us or discontinue contacting you completely upon your written request directed to World Neighbors at Contact Us, or by email at contact@wn.org or calling our toll-free number: +1-800-242-6387.
Changes to this StatementWorld Neighbors will occasionally update this Policy to reflect your feedback. World Neighbors encourages you to periodically review the Policy to be informed of how World Neighbors is protecting your information.
Contact InformationWorld Neighbors welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Policy. If you believe that World Neighbors has not adhered to this Policy, please contact us at:
World Neighbors
5600 N. May Avenue
Suite 160
Oklahoma City, OK 73112-4222
USA
Email address:
contact@wn.org
Telephone number:
+1-800-242-6387
Effective as of November 5, 2015