http://www.davidlesh.net/privacy.htm
The
purpose of this page is to notify clients and visitors to this website about the policies and practices that David N. Lesh,
Attorney at Law has implemented to secure the nonpublic personal information obtained about
his clients, including information obtained through these websites
(davidlesh.net; oregonduii.com; oregoncrimes.com; oregondws.com;
oregonbreathtest.com).
These websites may be considered an advertisement for services under the rules of the Oregon State Bar.
All information on Mr. Lesh's websites is believed accurate but is not
guaranteed or warranted in any way.  You should consult with your own
attorney for legal advice and up to date information.
Any person that wishes to seek the services of David Lesh should contact him or his law firm.  Thereafter, Mr. Lesh or his firm will conduct a review of the potential client and the matter to determine whether or not such representation will create a conflict with any existing clients or in any other existing matters or otherwise determine whether or not the matter is one suitable for Mr. Lesh to undertake. Under no circumstances should anyone viewing or using this website send any confidential information to David Lesh or his law office until an attorney / client relationship evidenced by a signed Retainer Agreement has been established.  Until such an attorney / client relationship is established, no information sent to David Lesh, his staff, or his office will be deemed confidential.
Information We Collect:  The categories of nonpublic personal information that we generally collect about our clients include written and electronic documents and information that our clients submit to us, authorize us to obtain, and those that we produce from conversations with clients.  We further collect such information from other parties and their lawyers over the course of representing our clients.  We collect names, addresses, social security numbers, birthdates, financial records, police reports, medical reports, transaction documents and any other information that may be necessary to provide the legal services for which we have been retained.  Our website does not use “cookies” (information transferred from a website to a website visitor’s computer); however, our web servers may log minimal identifying information about visitors to our website, such as IP addresses and operating systems
via Google or Statcounter.
Use of Information:  We treat our current and former clients' nonpublic personal information as confidential and do not disclose such information to anyone, except as permitted by law or as specifically authorized or requested by our clients.  As Oregon lawyers, we are under an ethical obligation not to disclose any information about you except as authorized by law or applicable professional standards in the course of our representation.  We do not share with third parties nonpublic personal information that we obtain pursuant to the attorney-client privilege, unless permitted by law, applicable professional standards, or unless our clients request that such information to be disclosed.  If you provide us information through this website, we may use this information to respond to your inquiry or to act in accordance with any request you make.  We do not disclose any information pursuant to the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Restriction of Access to Information:  We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our current and former clients in accordance with the law and applicable professional standards.  If one of our attorneys feels that revealing such information to other employees of the firm is pertinent to your representation, we may do so.  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Policy Change:  We reserve the right to change this privacy policy and will post any revisions on this website. Your continued use of our legal services and / or this website will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact us at
434 NW 19th Avenue; Portland, OR  97209.