https://www.ncsl.org/privacy.aspx
Login
|
Create Account
|
Contact |
Help
Privacy Statement
National Conference of State Legislatures is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the National Conference of State Legislatures Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the National Conference of State Legislatures website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Conference of State Legislatures collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. National Conference of State Legislatures also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by National Conference of State Legislatures. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by National Conference of State Legislatures for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the National Conference of State Legislatures Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through National Conference of State Legislatures public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: National Conference of State Legislatures
does not read any of your private online communications.
National Conference of State Legislatures encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from National Conference of State Legislatures so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. National Conference of State Legislatures is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the National Conference of State Legislatures
and National Conference of State Legislatures family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
National Conference of State Legislatures collects and uses your personal information to operate the National Conference of State Legislatures
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. National Conference of State Legislatures also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from National Conference of State Legislatures and its affiliates. National Conference of State Legislatures may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Conference of State Legislatures does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
National Conference of State Legislatures may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, National Conference of State Legislatures
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to National Conference of State Legislatures, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
National Conference of State Legislatures does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
National Conference of State Legislatures keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
National Conference of State Legislatures, in order to determine what National Conference of State Legislatures services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within National Conference of State Legislatures to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
National Conference of State Legislatures Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on National Conference of State Legislatures or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of National Conference of State Legislatures; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of National Conference of State Legislatures, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The National Conference of State Legislatures Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize National Conference of State Legislatures pages, or
register with National Conference of State Legislatures site or services, a cookie helps National Conference of State Legislatures
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same National Conference of State Legislatures Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the National Conference of State Legislatures
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the National Conference of State Legislatures services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
National Conference of State Legislatures secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. National Conference of State Legislatures secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
National Conference of State Legislatures will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. National Conference of State Legislatures encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how National Conference of State Legislatures is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
National Conference of State Legislatures welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that National Conference of State Legislatures has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact National Conference of State Legislatures at ncslnet-adminoldman@ncsl.org.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2020 by National Conference of State Legislatures
Terms Of Use
|
Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies to analyze traffic and for other purposes. You consent to the use of cookies if you use this website.
Continue
Our online privacy policy