http://www.feantsa.org/privacy
FEANTSA Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how FEANTSA uses and protects any information that you give to us when you use this website.
Data processing and purpose
FEANTSA is committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to its website, www.feantsa.org.
The processing of information relating to identified or identifiable natural persons (“personal data”) collected through this website, is subject to the Belgian law including the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
When you visit the FEANTSA website we store information related to your behaviour based on your IP address: the pages you visit, the time spent on the pages and the location. FEANTSA may collect certain personal data such as name, address, organisation and e-mail address through the contact form on this website.
The personal data collected by FEANTSA are used to process your questions efficiently, keep you up-to-date with FEANTSA events, news, press releases and other information that may be of interest to you. You will be able to choose which data you want to receive from us.
The time your data is kept
FEANTSA only keeps the data for the time required for the pursuance of the above objectives. You can unsubscribe yourself at any time from services to which you have subscribed
Transfer of your personal data
Your information is treated with the utmost confidentiality and will only be passed on to third parties with your consent or if we are required by law to do so. FEANTSA works with a third party provider to share news about FEANTSA’s work, events and other important information with subscribers.
Your rights
You have the right to information about, access to, rectification and portability of your data and the right to be forgotten. This can be done by contacting us at information@feantsa.org.
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible at the above e-mail address. We will take appropriate steps to correct or to delete any information found to be incorrect.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Amendment of the Privacy Policy
FEANTSA reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy in order to comply with applicable privacy laws.