http://www.illinoislegalaid.org/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Select your language
EnglishSpanishPolish
We simplify the law so you can get justice.
User account menu
Contact
Log in
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 2013 Last Updated: December 2018   This Privacy Policy applies to the sites where it appears. This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the sites where it is posted. This includes our websites and mobile sites. This policy does not apply to information we may collect in other forums. To download a full copy of this Privacy Policy, click here.   We collect information from and about you. We collect contact information For example, we might collect your name, your company name and street address. We might also collect your phone number, fax number or email address. We collect account information For example, we may collect your username and password if you create an account on our site. We may also collect job information, including the name and address of your employer. We may collect your Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Commission number. We may collect your photo if you provide one when you create an account. We collect information you submit or post We collect the information you post on or to our website. This may include comments you post about articles on our sites. We also collect information when you contact us. We collect payment information For example, if you make a donation, our third party vendors may collect your credit card number and your billing information. They may also collect this information if you buy a ticket to an event. We collect demographic information We may collect information like your zip code, gender, income and age. We may also collect your race, ethnicity, and languages spoken. We may collect information about your military status and citizenship status. We may collect information about your marital status, family size, disability status, child support information, and other information that will help determine if you qualify for free legal help. We collect usage, device, and location information We may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We may collect information about your location. This may include your precise location. We may collect this using different types of technologies, including GPS and WiFi. We might also collect device identifiers. We collect information in different ways. We collect information directly from you. For example, if you sign up for our emails, create an account, post content, or make a donation. We also collect information when you apply for legal help or register for an event. We also collect information if you ask us questions or provide feedback. We may collect information when you submit a request to receive Minimum Continuing Legal Education (MCLE) credit. We may also collect information if you contribute content to our site. We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We collect information about you across devices and over time when you use our sites and read our newsletters. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. Learn more about these tools, and how you can control them, here. We may get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us your email address or shipping address. Social media platforms may also give us information about you. We combine information. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. Or we may combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.   We use information as disclosed and described here. We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your comments or customer feedback. We may also use your information to process your request for MCLE credit. We will also use your information to attempt to match you with a legal aid service provider if you apply for legal help. We or our third-party service providers may also use your information to fulfill your request to register for an event. We use information to improve our sites and services. We may use your information to make our website and services better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. For example, we might use your information to store your password if you register for our site. We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our websites. We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might also send you information about legal developments in which we think you may be interested, about us, our sites, upcoming events, or other products or services that may be of interest to you, or to request your help in supporting our organization. These might be related to our own organization or to other organizations that we think you might be interested in. To manage this, read the “You have certain choices” section below. We use information to communicate with you about our relationship. We may contact you to get your feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy and our site Terms. We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you from time to time.   We may share information with third parties. We may share information within our company (including our affiliated companies). We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us send emails, process donations or event registrations, and operate our sites. This may include website analytics vendors. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States. We may share your information with organizations that perform legal services. For example, if you apply for legal aid, we will forward your information to one of our legal services partners. Also, if you work for a legal services or public interest program and have registered on one of our sites, your name, e-mail address, work phone number, and other information may be accessed by other registered users who also work for a legal services or public interest program. We will share information with our business partners. If we provide joint services, we share information with business partners. If you apply for legal aid, we will share your information with one or more of our partner organizations participating in the online application process. We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud or abuse. We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction. We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.   You have certain choices about sharing and marketing practices. You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Don’t worry! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions, event confirmations, or notices about changes to this Policy. You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. NOTE: If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work. Our Do Not Track Policy: Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop. Certain options you select are browser and device specific. You have other controls you can exercise. You can choose whether or not to share certain categories of personal information. If you choose not to share, some parts of our sites and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use. You can control certain tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator. Certain options you select are device specific.   We use standard security measures. The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.   Our sites and apps are not intended for kids. Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect information online from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child, please contact info@illinoislegalaid.org. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiry “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.   We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we don't control. If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This includes social media sites. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party practices. Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. We do not control the use of those technologies.   United States Only. Our sites are intended only for users in the United States. By using our sites, you understand and agree that the sites are hosted in the United States and that the data collected through the sites will be stored and processed in the United States. These sites are subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions. If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at info@illinoislegalaid.org. You can also write to us or call us at: 120 S LaSalle Street Suite 900 Chicago, Illinois 60603 Phone: (312) 977-9047 Please include your email address, name, address and telephone number when you contact us. This helps us handle your request correctly. We may update this policy. From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Terms and policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site FAQs
© 2020 Illinois Legal Aid Online.
All rights reserved.
ILAO is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. ILAO's tax identification number is 20-2917133.