http://www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk/terms-of-use.aspx
Accessibility links
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Accessibility help
Search for
Search here
Your account
Secondary navigation
Home
Blog
Gallery
Find Us
Contact Us
Main navigation
The Team
About Us
Faith at Dean Gibson
Our Location
School Performance
Governors
Special Educational Needs and Inclusion
Sports Premium Funding
School Timetable
Curriculum
Admissions
Class Pages
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Pupil Page
Parent Information
School Policies
Home school agreement
School Prospectus
Newsletters & Covid Information
Reading at Key Stage 1
Online Safety
School Shop
Boys Uniform
Girls Uniform
Wrap Around Care
PTFA News
Term Dates
Lunch Menu
Parental Consent for Medication
School Inspections
Maths at Dean Gibson
Pupil Premium & Sports Funding
Medical News
How to apply - Free School Meals & Pupil Premium
School Results
Pupdate
Online learning
Reception New Starters 2021
Out of the Classroom
Little Deanies Nursery
Dates for your diary
You are here: Home » Terms of Use
Terms of Use
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using this site you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and our privacy policy.
About us
This site is controlled and operated by Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School (referred to in these terms and conditions as "Dean Gibson School", "we", "us" or "our"). Address: Hawesmead Avenue, Kendal, Cumbria LA9 5HB.
How to contact us
You can contact us by email at admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk if you have any questions, comments or complaints about this site.
Privacy and data protection
Full details of how we collect, hold and process your personally identifiable information via this site are set out in our privacy policy.
Intellectual Property Rights and restrictions on use
The contents of the website are protected by intellectual property rights. The owner of these rights is Dean Gibson School, its affiliates, or other third party licensors. You may only access, browse, use and print copies of page(s) from this site for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
Any individual person mentioned on this site is here willingly. No personal information such as addresses or photographs are to be transferred or used without Dean Gibson Schools' written permission. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, distribute, republish, display, frame, post or transmit any part of this site without our permission. In particular, you are not permitted to republish any part of this site on another website, in any other medium (print, electronic or otherwise) or as part of any commercial service without our prior written permission. All photographs remain the property of Dean Gibson School and cannot be copied.
User comments, testimonials, feedback and other submissions
All comments, testimonials, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other content submitted to Dean Gibson School via this site (collectively, the “Comments”) shall be and remain the property of Dean Gibson School. We will retain all worldwide rights to use such Comments in any way we deem fit, commercial or otherwise. Dean Gibson School will be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the site will be or contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
Linking to this site
Whilst you may link to the homepage of this site, you must only do so in a way that is fair, does not harm our reputation and does not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement of you, your goods or services and/or your website by Dean Gibson School.
Disclaimer
This site should only be used for information purposes. It is not advice and you should not rely on it to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action.
Neither we nor any of our data providers or affiliates gives any warranty or guarantee: (a) relating to the site's accuracy or its fitness for a particular purpose; or (b) relating to the reliability or availability of the site; or (c) that the site and/or our operation of it, the content or the server that makes the site available, are error or virus free or free of other harmful components; or (c) that your use of the site will be uninterrupted.
Availability of the website
We will try to make the website available but cannot guarantee that the website will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router or any other Internet connected device.
Limitation of liability
All content, materials and information on the website are provided on an "as is" basis and you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the website and use of all information contained within it.
To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we do not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with regard to the website or any information, service or product provided through the website.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we accept no liability for any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever and howsoever arising out of or in connection with the viewing, use or performance of the website or its contents whether due to inaccuracy, error, omission or any other cause and whether on the part of Dean Gibson School or our servants, agents or any other person or entity.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions, Dean Gibson School does not attempt to exclude or limit its liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence in any way.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the website and is compatible with the website. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any material available for downloading from the website will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for taking sufficient precautions and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
Third party links
This site may contain links to third party websites. We are not responsible for, nor do we endorse in any way such third party websites or their content. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Changes to these terms and conditions
We keep these terms and conditions under review and will place any updates on this site. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the site and your continued access, browsing or other use of the website constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions. You should therefore ensure that you read the terms each time you use the site.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms and your use of this site are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute which may arise.
Join our mailing list
to receive the latest product news, offers and information from Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School.
First name
Enter your name in reverse (e.g. John Smith becomes htimS nhoJ)
Email
We respect your privacy and will never share your information with anyone.
Additional Information
Footer links
Job Vacancies
Testimonials
Join Our Mailing List
Useful Links
Downloads
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Dean Gibson Primary School, Hawesmead Avenue, Kendal, Cumbria LA9 5HBTelephone: 01539 723363. Email: admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk
Copyright © Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School 2013 - 2020. All rights reserved.Website design Kendal, website development Cumbria and software development Kendal by The Creative Branch