http://www.coc.org/legal-and-privacy-policy
Legal & Privacy Policy
Permission Policy
Our website and our publications and materials are copyrighted. Please read our Copyright Notice below for further information.
However, the Ignatian Solidarity Network (ISN) encourages the use of Education for Justice materials. We normally will give permission to reprint or use our materials when requested in writing. Please contact us stating:
what you intend to use,
how it will be used, and
when it will be used.
After receiving permission, we required that you acknowledge ISN as the source of the material, and note our website address (www.educationforjustice.org).
Please contact Brenna Davis who manages permission requests for Education for Justice:
Ignatian Solidarity Network
C/O Education for Justice
1 John Carroll Blvd.
University Heights, OH 44118 USA
Email: efj@ignatiansolidarity.net
Copyright Notice
Published materials of the Ignatian Solidarity Network (ISN) and our website materials – text, graphics, layout, and presentation – are copyrighted by ISN. All rights are reserved. Permission is granted to download and print materials from this website for the purposes of viewing, reading, and retaining the reference for personal use. Any other copying, distribution, retransmission, or modification of this information or materials on this site, without the permission of ISN, is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
The Ignatian Solidarity Network (ISN) is committed to maintaining the privacy of those who visit our website  www.ignatiansolidarity.net.
We may collect information at various places on our website (surveys or registration of purchases). We are the sole owner of this information and will not allow this information to be sold or rented by others in ways that are different from our own.
For internal purposes, aggregate information about the use of our website will be collected. Domain names of users (not email addresses) may be used by us for purposes of improving our website.
Cookies
ISN does not employ “cookies” to gain information about general visitors to our website. However, cookies are employed in ISN’s webstore and on the Education for Justice website. Cookies are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive. These small text files, or cookies, make using a website more convenient by saving your passwords and preferences for you. We may utilize session cookies. A session cookie is a temporary cookie that is sent to your browser when you log onto the site and is deleted from your browser once you exit your browser or after some period of inactivity in your browser. Information from cookies may be analyzed and matched with the data provided by you.
Electronic Sign Up
When donating or signing up for our newsletter online or registering for a project or program or providing a link for advocacy purposes, ISN will ask for information such as name, address, and email address to be used for these purposes.
Links
Throughout our website, there are encouragements to link to our partners or other websites. Our privacy policy relates only to our website. We are not responsible for the privacy policy of other websites and encourage the viewer to review the privacy policy of other organizations visited.
Please understand that we do not operate, control or endorse any information, products or services offered on other websites.
Changes to our Policy
ISN reserves the right to change its policy at its sole discretion without any obligation, to modify or correct errors and omissions within the website.
We encourage viewers to review our policy periodically for updates. If we change our information practices in the future, we will post these changes and provide you with a way to opt out of the new uses.
Education for Justice Website Participants Only
Some information is unique to participants of the Education for Justice website.
Submissions
Any notes, online discussions postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts, articles or other material submitted through the Education for Justice website will become the property of the Ignatian Solidarity Network (ISN), and we shall be entitled to use such material for organizational use including in any media whether known or hereafter devised. We shall not use such material in a way that is inconsistent with our Privacy Policy. You are responsible for the content of any information you submit to the Education for Justice site. You warrant and represent that, in the event you make a submission to us, (i) it is original with you and accurate, (ii) its use will not violate, the rights of any third party or any applicable law or ordinance, and (iii) you will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any materials submitted or transmitted by you are free from any viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other items of a destructive nature.
Editing and Deletions
We reserve the right, but undertake no duty, to review, edit, move, or delete any material provided for display or placed on the site, in our sole discretion. ISN may terminate access for content providers or online discussions participants who are found repeatedly to provide or post protected material without necessary rights and permissions.
Online Discussions
Registration is not required to browse ISN’s website. However, if you choose to participate in the online discussions of the Education for Justice website, you will be asked to provide us with some personally identifiable information. Such information may include contact information (such as your name and e-mail address) and geographic information.
Cookies
If you chose to participate in our online discussions, we may place “cookies” on your computer so that we may keep track of your activity on the Online Forum. Likewise, if you choose to purchase an item from our Store, we may place “cookies” on your computer. Cookies are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive. These small text files, or cookies, make using a website more convenient by saving your passwords and preferences for you. We may utilize session and permanent cookies. A session cookie is a temporary cookie that is sent to your browser when you log on to the site and deleted from your browser once you exit your browser or after some period of inactivity in your browser. We may transmit permanent cookies to your hard drive for use in identification and customization purposes. Information from cookies may be analyzed and matched with the data provided by you. We may provide our analysis to prospective partners and other third parties, but we will not disclose any personally identifiable information, except as provided in this privacy policy.
Copyright Notice for Downloadable Educational Materials Available through the Education for Justice Website
Education for Justice members may print and reproduce full in print format for students and adult learners the educational PDF files available through the Education for Justice website (units, fact sheets, case studies, reflections, prayers, prayer services, annotated links) for classroom and instructional use only and not for resale or redistribution.
Educators may not sub-license the foregoing limited and non-transferable rights. Except as specifically set forth above, the educational PDF files may not be published, broadcast, or reproduced without the prior written permission of ISN.
Educators may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright, or other notice from copies of the Content or otherwise alter or modify the Content. Any reproduction of the Content is limited to the number of students to whom the lesson is directed.
To use the Content in a manner outside the parameters of the foregoing license, or to use materials from the Education for Justice Website other than the Content, please send E-mail efj@ignatiansolidarity.net for further information. Please refer to PERMISSION POLICY above.
Computer Services
The Ignatian Solidarity Network (ISN) makes every effort to keep our computer services free of viruses and other computer contaminating properties. However, ISN can not assure or guarantee that any downloaded files are free of infection or viruses and we do not guarantee that our website service is without defects. Viewing and using our site is an “as is, as available” basis.
Contact Us
You are welcome to contact our webmaster regarding any statements or practices on this site at efj@ignatiansolidarity.net. Likewise, if you have technical operating difficulties, please contact us.
Phone: (216) 397-4777
Ignatian Solidarity Network
C/O Education for Justice
1 John Carroll Blvd.
University Heights, OH 44118 USA
Email: efj@ignatiansolidarity.net
Topics
Topics
Browse by all resources
Catholic Social Tradition Principles
Catholic Social Tradition Principles
Overview Materials
Dignity of the Human Person
Dignity of Work and Rights of Workers
Rights and Responsibilities
Option for the Poor and Vulnerable
Community and the Common Good
Global Solidarity
Care for Creation
Role of Government and Subsidiarity
Promotion of Peace, Nonviolence, and Disarmament
Call to Community, Family, and Participation
Social Justice Topics
Social Justice Topics
Consumerism
Climate Change
Death Penalty
Economic Justice
Education
Gender Equality
Genocide
Healthcare
Homelessness
Human Rights
Human Trafficking
Hunger
Immigration
Inequality
Integral Ecology
Interfaith
Intergenerational Justice
Sustainable Development
Land Grabbing
Liberation Theology
Mental Health
Migration
Natural Disasters
Pastoral Circle
Global Poverty
U.S. Poverty
Racial Justice
Refugees
Restorative Justice
Racism
Signs of the Times
Terrorism
Torture
U.S. Elections
War
Water
Saints, Martyrs, and Heroes
Region
Spanish/Español
Materials
Materials
Activity
Book Discussion Guide
Bulletin Insert
Calendar
Creative Voice
Fact Sheet & Handout
Film Discussion Guide
Lectionary Reflection
Lesson Plan
Litany
Prayer
Prayer Service
Quiz
Reflection
Retreat
Toolbox
Unit
Video
Calendar
About Us
About Us
Newsletters
Contact Us
Donate
Login
Become a Member
Search for:
Center of Concern