http://www.fsmonline.com/privacypolicy
In-Person & Online Service Details
Home
About
About Us
Our Story
Elders
Locations
Fellowship Rogers
Fellowship Mosaic
Fellowship Fayetteville
Fellowship Bentonville
Fellowship Rogers
Watch Services
News
Rogers News
Mosaic News
Fayetteville News
Connect
I'm New
Events & Classes
Join a Small Group
Serve
Pray
Staff Directory
Ministries
Children
Students
Adults
All Ministries
Resources
Class/Ministry Resources
RightNow Media
Music & Podcasts
Stories
Give
Privacy Policy
Fellowship Bible Church of Northwest Arkansas Privacy PolicyThanks for visiting Fellowship’s website. This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy seriously, and we never sell or share your personal information, email addresses, or financial information beyond what is stated in this policy.
Definitions
These definitions should help you understand this policy. When we say “we,” “us,” “our,” and “Fellowship,” we are referring to Fellowship Bible Church of Northwest Arkansas in all locations. When we say “you,” we are referring either to a website account holder, regular user, or to some other person who visits any of our websites, social media, blogs, or mobile applications. “Services” refers to sign-ups, registrations, receipt of fees, online contributions, email, email lists, texting, and other similar functions.
“Personal Information” means information that can be used to identify you, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, email, phone number, mailing address, gender, occupation, financial accounts, or other demographic information.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of Fellowship’s websites, blogs, social media, as well as any mobile applications owned or operated by us. While providing the services, and as described in more detail below, we may collect an email address or other personal information about a website visitor, church member, or an individual, on or related to a distribution list or subscriber.
Cookies
From time to time, we will send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the website to "recognize" you as a unique individual. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of websites you have visited. We will use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Most websites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the website.
Data Security
Fellowship is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information stored on our servers. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, network monitoring, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. We use Internet encryption software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) (TLS) protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card and bank account information. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted Fellowship staff who have been specially trained in processing this information.
Information We Collect
Information you voluntarily provide: You may provide contact information by visiting our websites, responding to visitor information requests, sharing the information with a community group leader, through class or event registration, or through online contributions.
Information we collect automatically: When you use our website services or browse one of our websites, we may collect information about your visit to our websites, your usage of the services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, location services, and other information about how you interacted with our websites or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Information we will not collect: Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Removing Your Name from our Mailing Lists
To be removed from any of our mail, email, or texting lists so that you do not receive any future communications, visit  unsubscribe.fellowshipnwa.org OR email [email protected]. Communications sent to you as a receipt for funds, as a parent of a child participating in the children or student ministry programs, or to your small group, cell group, or other events or classes for which you have specifically signed up or registered, are not included in the opt-out options.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use and disclose personal information only for the following purposes:
a. To communicate with you. Fellowship uses this information for staff and key, vetted leaders to communicate with you.
b. To promote to you. For example, if you leave your personal information when you visit Fellowship or our website, we may send you an email invitation. If you attend any of our classes and we believe you may benefit from other similar classes we offer, we may send you an email promotion. We may promote church wide initiatives that we think may be of interest to you. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send or visiting the subscription page on our website subscribe.fellowshipnwa.org.
c. Processing and Confirmation of Registrations and Financial Transaction. We will use bank or credit card information, including: bank account number, credit card number and expiration date, to process payments or contributions per your instructions. If you register for a class, event, or camp we may send a confirmation email or text. If you make a contribution or make a payment, we may send a confirmation email or text. If your credit card that you have voluntarily placed on file with us, expires we may send you a notification email or text message. If you owe money towards a camp or event, we may similarly contact you.
d. To send you System Alert messages. For example, weather delays or cancelations.
e. To communicate with our users and members about their account, ministry involvement, and provide customer support.
f. To protect the rights and safety of our users and members and third parties, as well as our own.
g. To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
h. To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
i. To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
j. To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
k. To provide, support, and improve the services we offer.
We will not otherwise share personal or financial information with third parties without your prior approval.
Public Information and Third Party Websites
a. Blog. We may have public blogs on our websites. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your personal information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us at [email protected] or the above listed contact information.
b. Social media platforms and widgets. Our websites may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. We also maintain presence on social media platforms including sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via social media platforms is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
c. Links to third-party websites. Our websites may include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from Fellowship’s. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit and interact with.
Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or comments, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, you may call us at 479-659-8884, email us [email protected], or mail to:
Fellowship Bible Church Web Support
1051 W Pleasant Grove Road Rogers, AR 72758
If you want to change or delete any personal information we hold, you may contact us at 479-659-8884 or make changes in your My Account setting of our website fellowshipnwa.org.
Revised 02/06/2020
Privacy Policy
Elder Nomination Review
OUR LOCATIONS
Rogers
479.659.8884
1051 W Pleasant Grove Rd
Rogers, AR 72758
Fayetteville
479.878.2999
3447 AR 112
Fayetteville, AR 72704
Bentonville
479.659.8884
Lot on McCollum Dr
Bentonville, AR 72712
ADDITIONAL LINKS
Maps & Times
Weather Policy
Accessibility
FAQ's
Baptism
Membership
Wedding Guide
Staff Directory