http://www.disciplestoday.org/privacy-policy
HOME
WELCOME
ABOUT US
CHURCH LOCATOR
SERVE WITH US
CONTACT
MEDIA
AUDIO
PODCAST
VIDEO
RESOURCES
EVENTS
LEADERSHIP
DONATE
Privacy Policy
DISCIPLESTODAY.ORG PRIVACY POLICYPurpose of Policywww.disciplestoday.org is committed to protecting your privacy and the information that you provide to us or that we collect. This policy discusses the type of information we collect, how we use it, whether we share it with others, what you can do to limit our use of it and how you can correct the information or have it deleted. Please read this policy carefully before using our website. This policy applies to www.disciplestoday.org and our subsidiary websites owned by Disciples Today. This policy does not apply to any other persons, organizations or entities linked to or included on the website (referred to as “third parties”). This policy was developed using the laws and regulations of the United States as a guide. The laws and regulations of your country regarding privacy may be different if you reside outside of the United States. For that reason, we suggest that you check them. After doing so, you may decide not to provide personal information. However, if you do decide to continue to visit or use our website, it is expressly understood that you agree to be bound by the provisions of this privacy policy.What information do we collect?You may visit and use www.disciplestoday.org at any time that the website is operational. You are welcome to visit our site anonymously; the submission of personal information is not required to use the general features of this website. However, you may choose to submit personal information to subscribe to our e-communications or fill out a donation or registration form. In those instances, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and/or credit card information. That data will be collected and stored to allow us to appropriately communicate with you, process your donation and provide a receipt or other documentation as requested.Do we have a donor Privacy Policy?Yes, we will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailing to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Disciples Today, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.Do we use Cookies?Yes, we collect information about you whenever you visit our website through using “cookies.” Cookies are small electronic identifiers, which we attach to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow), that enable us to recognize you and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us compile aggregated data about site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. The cookie does not collect personal information, nor does it combine the information obtained with personal information. Once you leave our website, the cookie disengages. It does not track where you go on the internet unless you are on our website. Some of the third parties linked to or included on our website may use cookies; we have no control over their usage.What do we us your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needsTo process transactionsTo send periodic e-mailWhat information do we share or disclose?We will not sell, trade, exchange or transfer your personal information to other companies for any reason without your consent other than for the express purpose of delivering the product or service requested. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when it is appropriate t comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect our or other’s rights, property or safety. Aggregate, non-personally identifiable visitor information may also be shared with the third parties linked to or included on our website for marketing, advertising or other uses.How can you limit or update your information?You can choose not to provide some or all of the personal information initially requested from you. However, by doing so, you will not be granted access to e-mail, e-newsletters or other services for which personal information is needed to obtain the service. Another means of limiting our use to information is by rejecting cookies. This applies to our cookies and ones which third parties use on our websites. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically unless you indicate otherwise. If you choose to reject the cookie, you may do so and still use the website, but your access to and use of certain areas of the website may be limited.You may also edit, correct or delete the personal information you have provided. If you would like to update your information, please contact us at content@dtoday.net. Again, by deleting your personal information, you will be denied access to and use of those services for which personal information is necessary to continue the service. All information provided or collected is retained in our archives for historical purposes for a period of time even though it is no longer available on our active user files.How do we protect your information?For your privacy and security, administrative access to www.disciplestoday.org is restricted to authorized personnel. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access information. Specifically, we offer the use of a secure server. All supplied credit card or other sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database only to be accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems. After a transaction, your private information (credit card information, social security number, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. All other personal information will also be restricted to  authorized personnel and will remain confidential. Although we employ measures to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that your information will be secure against unauthorized intruders in parties during transmission, we cannot ensure the security of your information as it is being transmitted to us.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on October 25, 2017.Contacting usIf you have any questions, regarding this privacy policy, please contact us directly at content@dtoday.netYour consentBy using www.disciplestoday.org you consent to our privacy policy.
Join Our Newsletter
Contact Us
Email:
Thank you for subscribing to the Disciples Today newsletter! We send a newsletter of global good news, announcements and resources twice a month. Please contact content@dtoday.net with any questions. Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again.
Useful Links DT Archive SiteHOPE
worldwideDT Media StoreDT ConnectDT Heart & SoulICOC HotNews
© 2004 - Present | Privacy Policy
| Contact Us Designed by Disciples Today
Share by: