https://www.caffmoscommunity.com/terms.asp
Member Terms and Conditions
(YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD TO REGISTER ON
OR USE THE CAFFMOS COMMUNITY WEBSITE. ACCESS OR USE OF THIS SITE OR ITS
CONTENTS BY ANY PERSON UNDER THE AGE OF 18 IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.)
Please read this Member Terms and Conditions Agreement (the "Agreement")
carefully. The Agreement sets out the terms under which The Caffmos Community
services (the "Services") are provided to you by us (Aizlewood's Mill, Nursery Street, Sheffield, England) through the Caffmos Community
site (the "Site"). By registering with the Caffmos Community,
you become a member of the Service (a "Member"), and you agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "Terms")
for as long as you continue to be a Member. If you do not agree to the
Terms, please do not register for the Caffmos Community Service or otherwise
access or use this Site.
We reserve the right at any time to:
Change
the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
Change
the Site, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature
of the Site;or change any fees or charges for using the Site.
Any changes
we make will be effective immediately upon notice, which we may provide
by means including, without limitation, posting on the Site or email.
Your use of the Site after such notice will be deemed acceptance of the
changes. Be sure to review this Agreement periodically to ensure familiarity
with the most current version. Upon our request, you agree to sign a non-electronic
version of this Agreement.
To become a Member you must register with us. When and if you register
to become a Member, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete
information about yourself as prompted by our registration form ("Registration
Data"), and to maintain and update your information to keep it accurate,
current and complete. You agree that we may rely on your Registration
Data as accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that if your Registration
Data is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete in any respect,
we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement and your use of the Site.
When you
register, we will require that you provide sufficient information to indicate
that you are at least 18 years old. By becoming a Member, you represent
and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, which is the minimum required
age to become a Member. However, we cannot guarantee that each Member
is at least the required minimum age, nor do we accept responsibility
or liability for any content, communication or other use or access of
the Site by persons under the age of 18 in violation of these Terms.
All members
are required to enter their correct date of birth upon registration and
failure to do so will result in immediate termination of Membership.
Either you
or the Caffmos Community may terminate your membership at any time, for
any reason, effective upon sending written notice to the other party.
All membership fees paid are nonrefundable. We reserve the right to immediately
suspend or terminate your access to the Service, without notice, upon
any breach of this Agreement by you which is brought to our attention.
Your membership
in the Service is for your sole, personal use. You may not authorize others
to use your membership, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your
account to any other person or entity.
Upgrade payments are non-refundable but in certain circumstances refunds may be issued at the discretion of Caffmos management. If a refund is issued an administration fee of £10 will be charged.
USERNAME AND PASSWORD.
As part of the registration process, you will
be asked to select a username and password. We may refuse to grant any
username that impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, is or may
be protected by trademark or other proprietary rights law, is vulgar or
otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as we determine in our sole
discretion. You are responsible for the confidentiality and use of your
username and password and agree not to transfer or resell your use of
or access to the Site to any third party.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR
USERNAME AND PASSWORD AND FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES THAT ARE CONDUCTED
THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.
ONLINE CONDUCT
As a Member, you agree that:
You are solely
responsible for the content or information you publish or display (hereinafter,
"post") on the Service, or transmit to other Members.
You will
not post on the Service, or transmit to other Members or employees, any
defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive sexually
oriented, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material,
or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights (including,
but not limited to, intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy
and publicity). Please notify us by writing to (Caffmos Ltd, Aizlewood's Mill, Nursery Street, Sheffield, S3 8GG
S.Yorks, England) or by sending an email to Caffmos
of any material contained in the Service that you believe infringes these
rules.
You will use the Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable
laws and regulations. You will not include in your profile any telephone
numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs, email addresses, offensive
anatomical or sexual references, or offensive sexually suggestive or connotative
language, or any confidential information of any third person, and you
will not post any photographs or other images containing nudity or such
personal information. CaffmosCommunity.com reserves the right, but has
no obligation, to reject any profile or photograph or image that does
not comply with these prohibitions.
You will
not impersonate any person or entity.
You will
not "stalk" or otherwise harass any person.
You will
not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members to buy
or sell any products or services through the Service. You will not transmit
any chain letters, spam or junk email to other Members.
You will
not express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us,
without our specific prior written consent.
You will
not harvest or collect personal information about other Members whether
or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent.
You will
not post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software
viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt,
destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware
or telecommunications equipment. Please notify us by writing to (Caffmos Ltd, Aizlewood's Mill, Nursery Street, Sheffield, S3 8GG
S.Yorks, England)
You are solely
responsible for your interactions with other Members. The Caffmos Community
reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between
you and other Members.
INDEMNITY BY MEMBER.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our
officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from
and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly
out of or from (i) your breach of this Agreement; (ii) any allegation
that any materials that you submit to us or transmit to the Site infringe
or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual
property or other rights of any third party; and/or (iii) your activities
in connection with the Site. This indemnity shall be applicable without
regard to the negligence of any party, including any indemnified person.
The laws
of England and Wales irrespective of your country of residence will govern
this agreement. If any part of this agreement is found by a court of law
to be unenforceable, then the remainder of this agreement will still continue
in force. The agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties.
ONLINE CONTENT.
The user shall not submit to this site (including chat rooms) any materials which (a) infringe the intellectual property rights, including copyrights,
of any third party; (b) libel, defame, invade privacy, or; (c) violate any law or regulation; (d) advocate illegal activity, or; (e) advertise or
otherwise solicit funds or are a solicitation for goods or services. The user agrees to indemnify this site and its officers, directors, employees,
and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from user's submission of any materials in violation of the foregoing restrictions. The user will accept full responsibility for the resulting actions of any submissions made to or posted on the site.
Opinions, advice,
statements, offers or other information or content made available through
the Service are those of their respective Member-author and not of CaffmosCommunity.com,
and should not necessarily be relied upon. Such Members are solely responsible
for such content. CaffmosCommunity.com does not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness or usefulness of any information on the Service and neither
adopts nor endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability
of any opinion, advice or statement made. Under no circumstances will
CaffmosCommunity.com be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from
anyone's reliance on information or other content posted on the Service
or transmitted to Members.
The Site
may contain links to other Internet Web sites or resources. We neither
control nor endorse such other Web sites, nor have we reviewed any content
that appears on such other Web sites. You acknowledge and agree that we
shall not be held responsible for the legality, accuracy or inappropriate
nature of any content, advertising, products, services or information
located on or through any other Web sites or for the operation or policies
of any such websites, nor for any loss or damages caused or alleged to
have been caused by the use of or reliance on any such websites or such
content or other information.
Caffmos Chatroom
The Caffmos Community has a text / audio / video chatroom. By entering and using the chatroom you agree to a number of rules
Please adhere to the no-sex/no-show ruling in the 'Chat Only' room.
No public "catfights" - if you have an issue with someone then deal with it in private or block them (Gold membership)
Be respectful of others - no bullying, flaming, discrimination or slander will be tolerated.
No encouragement of other members to bully, intimidate or slander others will be tolerated.
No commercial/advertising messages or continuous repeating of messages.
Please refrain from posting email and website addresses, as well as telephone numbers.
Unfortunately videos may no longer be played or shown via webcams within the chat rooms.
Users must be 18+, no minors or other illegal activity - the site's terms of use apply!
There is an allocated space for Bronze members, once reached access is restricted to Gold members only.
Members not adhering to these rules will be removed from chat for a period of time. Consistent breaking of chatroom rules will result in a permanent ban
Join Caffmos Now
Its Absolutely Free!
Join Here !