http://www.amgprlaw.com/privacy-policy
HomeAbout UsPractice AreasCorporateLabor and EmploymentLitigation and Trial PracticeTaxData Privacy, Cybersecurity and Information Management
Our Attorneys
Search by Alphabetical OrderSearch by Practice AreaOur Clients
News/Publications
AnnouncementsCorporateLabor and EmploymentLitigation Trial PracticeTaxContact Us
Print
Email
15. 11. 08
posted by: Super User
Privacy Notice
General Privacy Statement
AMG respects the privacy of its visitors and/or users. Accordingly, this online Privacy Notice describes AMG’s practices towards any information received about you while operating this website.
Use and Protection of Personally Identifiable Information
The amount and type of information that AMG gathers depends on the nature of your interaction.
Website Visitors/Users. Like most website operators, AMG may collect non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. AMG’s purpose for doing so is to better understand how its visitors use its website. AMG, however, does not generally collect personally identifiable information from you when visiting its website.
AMG only collects the following types of personally identifiable information about you when using its website:
(i) Information that is required for you to register for its periodic newsletters; and(ii) Information that is required when you fill out its “Contact Us” form;
Confidentiality, Security and Data Retention. AMG restricts access to personally identifying information only to those employees and other persons hired by it who need to know the information to provide services to you when you register for its newsletters and/or fill out its “Contact Us” form. In addition, AMG maintains adequate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to guard your nonpublic personally identifiable information.
AMG does not rent or sell personally identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, AMG discloses personally identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when AMG believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of AMG, third parties or the public at large.
Newsletters. Once you’ve registered, if you wish to unsubscribe from AMG’s newsletters, please follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each such communications. Opt-out requests may take up to ten (10) business days to process.
Cookies
To remember its users and personalize their experience with website features, AMG may use cookies to analyze usage patterns, track preferences, and analyze the use of its services. Users, however, may always opt-out of these digital technologies or set their browser to block cookies.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers offer a "do not track" feature. When, enabled, your browser sends a signal to the sites you visit directing the sites not to track your activity. Presently this website does not respond to "do not track" signals. If you do not wish to be tracked, disabling or deleting cookies may limit some forms of tracking. However, as previously discussed, disabling or deleting cookies may affect your user experience throughout the website, including preventing the usage of certain features or functions.
AMG does not have access to or control over any third party tracking.
Social Media Features
AMG’s Internet site includes links to Facebook and Twitter, etc. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Because said features are hosted by third parties, your interactions with the same are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing it.
Children's Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) nor does it market its services to such children. AMG does not knowingly collect any data from children.
Changes to Online Privacy Notice
As permitted by law, AMG may change this online Privacy Notice by posting a revised version to the Website. If the changes are material, notice of the changes will be provided on the Website prior to the changes becoming effective. Users are encouraged to periodically review the website for information on AMG’s privacy practices related to the website.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions and/or concerns regarding this online Privacy Notice please direct them to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Effective Date
This online Privacy Notice is effective November 24, 2015.
Contact Us
208 Ponce De Leon Avenue San Juan, PR 00918
787.756.9000
787.756.9010
admin@amgprlaw.com
http://amgprlaw.com
Weekly Newsletters
The law firm of Adsuar Muñiz Goyco Seda & Pérez-Ochoa, P.S.C. provides legal services in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and to companies from the United States, Latin America, South America, Europe and elsewhere around the world doing business in Puerto Rico.
Copyright © 2020 AMG
Terms of UsePrivacy Policy