http://www.donor2.com/about-us/privacy/
This site requires Edge or above. Click here to upgrade
We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe,
view our privacy policy.
Close
Utilize Tools for Fund and Traditional Accounting
Integrate Microsoft Dynamics GP
– Talisma Fundraising’s fund management
module enhances the integration between Talisma
Fundraising and Microsoft Dynamics GP accounting
software packages. You can easily access and
cross-reference data, automate operations and
administrative processes, and provide timely reports to
run your organization more effectively.
Set Up Business Rules
– The fund management module allows you to
set up business rules and specific criteria for the
distribution of revenue and expenses across endowments
or other funds. Talisma Fundraising software will then
make the appropriate journal entries in Microsoft
Dynamics GP. In addition, this feature allows you to
specify types of assets that should not be included for
consideration in the allocation distribution.
Enable Portal Access
– With the Fund Management module, you can
assign multiple account managers to all of your funds.
You can also provide these managers an internal or
external facing portal for accessing reports tied to the
funds they manage. These reports include the fund
balance and transfer statements.
Reports
– The Fund Management module also allows you
to produce a schedule-of-change report based on data
within Talisma Fundraising that is directly related to
the dimension codes within Great Plains. This report
includes a comprehensive collection of metrics,
including income, interest, dividends, unrealized
gains/losses, other income, transfers in, transfers out,
expenses, and the beginning and ending balance of each
fund.
What’s more, the module includes value-added tools for
analytical accounting, reporting, and a Web portal for
anywhere, anytime access. This module is especially
valuable to organizations that must track funds into
hundreds or thousands of designated funds, projects, or
categories.
Now you can:
Dramatically shrink your chart of accounts
Reduce thousands of general ledger accounts to a
master list of fewer than twenty
Leverage dimension codes for granularity beyond the
main classification of GL account types
Solution Sheets
Case Studies
Talisma Fundraising Suite Modules
The Talisma Fundraising suite offers all the tools you need to succeed in your mission, including specialized modules for:
Annual giving and capital campaigns
Major gifts (moves management, proposal tracking, and research)
Events management
Honors and memorials
Online giving and events
Planned giving
Memberships
Fund management
Financials, HR, and payroll
Reporting and analytics
Scholarships
Alumni and advancement
Talisma Fundraising Demos
With Talisma Fundraising, you can enhance your ability to engage supporters and volunteers, execute
advanced fundraising strategies, and deliver the right messages, to the right constituents, at the right
time. Now learn more about this powerful platform for driving fundraising success and see the solution
in action in these demos.
Explore Demos
Moves Management
More
Alumni Management Software
More
Talisma Fundraising Features
More
Ready to
Transform Your Institution?
Let's Discuss Your Challenges and Goals.
Start Here
Close the region selector modal
Choose your Region
North America
India
LATAM - Portuguese