http://www.experiencemission.org/privacy
Mission Trips
Immersion
Gap Year
Find Your Trip
End If
%>
Find Your TripFind Your Trip
Mission Trips1-2 Weeks
Immersion1, 3 & 6 Months
Gap Year
Summer Internships
Training Resources
About EM
Blog
Contact Us
Donate
SIGN INMyMission ACCOUNT
Privacy Policy for Experience Mission
Experience Mission, Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to its website. We strongly believe that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, the organization has implemented the following policy.
About the Information We Collect
Most of the data and information we collect through our website is used only to help us achieve our mission. It is our policy to collect and store only personal information that our clients knowingly provide.
From Casual Website Visitors and General Users
We do not collect any personal information from users browsing our website. When you use the public areas of our website you are doing so anonymously. We do collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits (visits) per page. We use aggregate data for internal and marketing purposes, but we don't collect any personally identifying information.
From Our Clients, Donors and Other Customers
If while visiting our website you order a product, register for a conference, submit a technical assistance question, or request other information, you will be asked to provide certain information. In all cases this information is submitted voluntarily. In most cases, we ask clients to provide their name, title, organization name, address, telephone, and e-mail. If you're making a purchase, you may be asked for credit card information in order to complete your purchase. Similar information may be submitted to us on an order form or registration form.
Customer Lists
Our client list is not for sale. When you visit our website or become a client, your name and mailing information will not be sold to a commercial organization.
Credit Card Account Information
We utilize secure transaction methods when collecting credit card information over the Internet. Experience Mission, Inc. does not disclose credit card account information provided by our clients. We submit the information to the appropriate clearinghouse in order to obtain payment.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your computer when you logon to a website that allow us to identify you when you return to the site. Experience Mission, Inc. uses cookies only to support the operations of our shopping cart. We do not use cookies to track your usage or any other personal information about you.
SERVE
1-2 Week Mission Trips
1-9 Month IMMERSION
Gap Year Programs
EM Missions Internship
Fill Out an Interest Form
DONATE
Trip Volunteers
EM Summer Staff
Where Needed Most
The EM Store
CONNECT
Contact Us
Meet the EM Staff
Job Opportunities
Sign In to MyMission
MORE
About Experience Mission
Our Missions Approach
Statement of Faith
Cross-Cultural Training
EM Blog
(888)-475-6414
Copyright © 2020 Experience Mission Inc. All rights reserved.
— Website Disclaimer — Privacy Policy
Site developed and hosted by Skycog, Inc.
×
Sign In
Username
Password
Forgot your username or password?
You must have a group size of at least 6 members to join this trip. Please view the Small Team trips or call our Servicing Department for more options at 888-475-6414.
View Small Team Trips
For most trips, you must have a group size of at least 6 members. Please view the Small Teams tab on each Community page or call our Servicing Department for more options at 888-475-6414.
Which trip are you interested in?
Groups:
Mission Trips
Individuals (Age 18-30):
Immersion
Gap Year
Create New Account
Use Different Email Address
Verify Your Email Address
Which position are youapplying for?