http://www.law.buffalo.edu/privacy-policy.html
Skip to ContentPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis page was created to inform users of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website.We use your personal information only for providing and improving this website. By using the website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection and Use
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").Google Analytics
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This information may include your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.This website uses the following cookies:Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to, page views, source and time spent on the website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals.Google Adwords: Using Google Adwords we are able to see which pages helped lead to form submissions and clicks. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget.Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.The University at Buffalo School of Law has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services.Changes to this Privacy Policy
The University at Buffalo School of Law may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.See AlsoUniversity at Buffalo’s Privacy Policy