https://www.jamesmorrislaw.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. The purpose of the following statement is to help you understand how our law firm collects, uses and safeguards the personally identifiable information you provide to us on our website.
We strive to protect the privacy of visitors to the firm's web site. We do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us by completing a contact form or by using the live chat feature, or any other online tools. Our goal is to preserve the security of the data you send us when you use any of the online tools provided on this website.
You are welcome to contact us by telephone or by other traditional methods if you are not comfortable sending information through the website.
We will not sell any personal information, including your name, e-mail, telephone number and comments, to a third party. Any personally identifiable information and comments submitted through the website will be used for our own purposes. We may provide your information to the service provider of this website. We require the service provider to conform to this privacy policy.
When visiting our site, we record your IP address along with dates and times of access. Your IP address is not linked to any personally identifiable information. The information is used to gather broad demographic information as well as analyze trends.
Some of the pages on this site may include links to external websites. We have included these links for your reference. Please understand that we are not responsible for the external websites' privacy policies, which may differ from our policy.
Free case consultation
Related Links
Car Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Truck Accidents
Personal Injury
Other Cases
Car Accidents
the infographic
Download a Printable Version
How to Read Your New York
Accident Report
Download a Printable Version
Buffalo, NY 14202
Toll Free: 800-477-9044
Local: 716-855-1118
Fax: 716-855-1119
Map & Directions
Copyright © 2020 Law Offices of James Morris
email
location
call