https://www.stjohns.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - St Johns
Search for:
Home
About St John’s
About St John’s
School Ethos & Mission Statement
Admissions
Local Offer
Ofsted Reports
Policies & Documents
Section 48 RE Inspection Reports
Governors
Personal Development & Enrichment
The Maternal Reflective Method
Wharfe Valley Learning Partnership
Why we chose St John’s – A Parent’s Perspective
Friends of St John’s
Alumni
History of St John’s
Departments
Primary Department
Secondary Department
Sixth Form
Speech & Language Therapy
Care Department
Multi-sensory Impairment
Audiology
Parents
Events Calendar
Holidays in Term Time
Letters
Ofsted Parent View
Open Days
Reporting pupil absence
‘School Money’ – Parent on-line payment system
The School Day
School Lunches and Menus
Term Dates
New Pupil Guides
Uniform
Vacancies
Contact Us
Latest News
Blog
Newsletters
Year of Mercy
BBC School Report
Useful links and information
Menu
Search for:
Contact Us
Download Prospectus
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how St John’s Catholic School for the Deaf uses and protects any information you give to us whilst using this website. It is important to St John’s Catholic School for the Deaf that your personal information is secure and protected so that if you are asked for this information on the website you will be reassured it can only be used in accordance of our Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We may collect the following information from our website contact form;
Your Name
Your email address
Your Phone Number
Your Enquiry
We also use cookies on our site to improve our customers experience and to use Google Analytics. By using these we may also collect the following information;
Demographic information
IP address
Your location
Device information
We use Google Analytics to monitor and analyse the use of our website. This helps us monitor web page traffic- we will use this information for this purpose only and this will be stored on Google’s servers. You can view Google’s Privacy Policy here.
What we do with the information we collect
The information we request via our contact form will be used to provide you with a better service regarding your enquiry.
We will not sell or share your information. If you contact us via our enquiry form, your information will be stored on our internal system and deleted once the enquiry has been dealt with.
You will have the option to opt in to our email marketing when submitting an enquiry form. If you do so, we will send you promotional emails from time to time, which includes relevant topics, school news which we think you may find interesting.
Holding the information
Information submitted by an enquiry form will be held on our secure server until the enquiry has been dealt with. If you opt into our marketing emails, this information will also be held on our secure online email system, Mailchimp, until you request for this to be removed. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time. View Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy here.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to the information we hold on you.
You have the right to request correction of any details we hold on you.
You have the ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ and to request for us to erase all data we hold on you.
Links to other websites
Our website may include links to other websites. If you choose to click such links and leave our website, we do not have control on how the other website uses your data and you are no longer covered by this Privacy Policy meaning we are not responsible for any information you submit on an external website.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our use of cookies please contact us at:
St John’s Catholic School for the Deaf
Church Street, Boston Spa
Wetherby, West Yorkshire
LS23 6DF
If you believe any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, please contact us as soon as possible so we can correct any information promptly.
In This Section
COVID-19 Update
COVID-19 Update
COVID-19 Update
Primary
Secondary
Sixth Form
St. John’s School for the Deaf is a non-maintained residential and day school, for pupils aged from 3 to 19 years of age.
Quick Links
Blog
Contact Us
Current Vacancies
Admissions
Governors Area
Term Dates
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Contact Us
info@stjohns.org.uk
01937 842144
View on Map
© 2020 St Johns Catholic School for the Deaf
School website design by
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more