http://www.uks.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: October, 2012
Updike, Kelly & Spellacy, P.C. ("UKS", "we", or "us") provides access to this website (the "Site") to our clients and other users ("you") that access this Site to learn about or interact with us.  By accessing the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy of UKS.  It is important that you review this Privacy Policy prior to using the Site and/or providing any of your personal or business information to us through the Site.
We reserve the right to add to, update or otherwise modify this Privacy Policy at any time.  The most current Privacy Policy will apply to all data and other information collected on the Site, regardless of the version of the Privacy Policy that was in effect when such data/information was collected.
Generally, you may access and use the Site in anonymity without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.  We may, however, automatically collect or track some or all of the following information from visitors to the Site:  the home server domain names, e-mail address, type of visitor computer, type of web browser, and aggregate information on what pages of the Site visitors access.  This collected information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, and similar type of usage data, which we may use for our own marketing purposes, statistical analyses of users' behavior, and content and technical improvement to the Site.
There are times, however, when we may need personal or business information from you, which we will only collect when you voluntarily submitted such information to us.  Such voluntarily submitted personal or business information may be needed for such things as:  corresponding with you via electronic mail or otherwise; providing services to you; or processing a job application from you.
When a visitor performs a search on our search engine provided on the Site, we do not record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed, but we record limited information about each search request to calculate overall usage statistics and to solve technical problems with the Site.
In addition, we may use "cookies", which, generally, is a piece of data that our Site may send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return to the Site.  You may, however, set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, and otherwise remove or block any such cookies.
Generally, we will not sell or rent your personal or business information to any third party, except in connection with our maintenance and operation of the Site.  However, UKS will cooperate with law enforcement, judicial inquires/orders and other third parties to enforce laws, and the rights of others, including intellectual property rights; and, thus, it may be necessary to disclose and deliver your personal and business information to third parties in connection with these objectives.
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to third parties that perform services on our behalf, including marketing services.  We reserve the right to provide non-personal identifying information, such as aggregate data, to third parties.
UKS will use commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help ensure the security, integrity and privacy of all personal information about you which is gathered from your use of our Site, in compliance with applicable laws and ethics rules  However, due to the inherent insecurity of the Internet, no security measures are 100% effective in all circumstances.
We make reasonable efforts to restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide legal services to you, and make reasonable efforts to train those employees to protect the privacy of our clients and prohibit the unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers and other nonpublic personal information about you. Subject to legal requirements, when personally identifiable information is no longer required for the purpose for which it was obtained or compiled by the firm, the information shall be disposed of.
Updike, Kelly & Spellacy, P.C.100 Pearl Street, 17th FloorHartford, CT 06103Phone: 860.548.2600Fax: 860.548-2680Email: info@uks.com
Home
Privacy Policy