http://www.mwi.org/privacy-policy
617-973-9739|
Menu
WHAT WE DO
Mediation Services
Negotiation Workshops
Mediation Training
Dispute Resolution for Companies
ABOUT
Mission, Vision & Values
Select Clients
Neutral Resource Center
Opportunities
Public Service Initiatives
Directions to MWI
PEOPLE
Select Mediators
Select Mediation & Negotiation Trainers
MWI Staff
Board of Directors
Contact
BLOG
Request Info
MWI is committed to protecting your privacy.
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices for MWI (the “Site”), located at www.mwi.org. MWI owns and operates this Site.
Information we collect
We may collect the following information when your register on or fill out a form on our site:
First name and/or last name
Company Name
Phone Number
E-mail address
Collected information uses
Any information provided by you is used to understand your needs and provide a better service. We may use your information for the following reasons:
To send periodic e-mails and to contact you for market research purposes
To personalize your website experience according to your interests
To improve our products or services based on your needs
Collected information security
In order to prevent any unauthorized access or disclosure of the personal information that we gather, we have in place electronic and managerial procedures to secure and guard this information.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer hard drive. Cookies allows websites to respond to you as an individual. You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Disabling cookies preferences may limit the full experience of our site.
The Site may contain links to other websites of interest. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites; such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
For more information
Questions? Please contact Chuck Doran, Executive Director, at cdoran@mwi.org or 617-895-4026.
Mediation Services
Auto & Retail Franchise
Divorce & Family
Real Estate & Construction
Workplace & Employment
Negotiation Workshops
Customized Onsite Negotiation
Difficult Conversations Workshop
Influence Without Authority
Open-Enrollment Negotiation
Mediation Training
Mediation Training Programs
Advanced Mediation Training Programs
Post-Training Mediation Opportunities
Dispute Resolution for Companies
Corporate Dispute Management Programs
Meeting Facilitation
Negotiation Consulting
Organizational Ombuds
About
Mission, Vision, & Values
Select Clients
Neutral Resource Center
Opportunities
Public Service Initiatives
Directions
Contact MWI
People
Mediators
Mediation & Negotiation Instructors
MWI Staff
10 Liberty Square
4th Floor
Boston, MA 02109
phone 617-973-9739
email mailbox@mwi.org
fax 617-973-9532
© 1994-2020 MWI. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy