https://www.freemasonhall.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Freemason Hall
Freemason HallTogether we buildHome
Masonry
Appendant Bodies
Shriners
Scottish Rite
York Rite
Anti-Masonry
FAQ
Charity
Forums
Reviews
Home Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Spread the love
Freemason Hall believes it is important to protect and respect the privacy of our members, users, and visitors. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Freemason Hall through our Website.
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy, and how you can participate in that commitment.
Notice
a. General. In general, you can browse our Community Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you (Personal Information). Generally, this information is requested when you become a member of one of our Community Website or contact us for information. We use your Personal Information for the following primary purposes:
i) To facilitate your experience on our Community Website.
ii) To make our Community Website easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
iii) To help you quickly find information on the Community Website.
iv) To alert you to special offers, updated information, and other new services from our company and affiliates.
b. Collected Information. Freemason Hall may collect information from you in several different ways including the following:
i) Registration. In order to use the services offered by our Community Website, you may be required to create an account with us. During the registration process, you are required to give certain contact information, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, birthday, gender, location and mailing address. We use this information to contact you about the services on our Community Website in which you have expressed interest and to facilitate future related services.
ii) Log Files. As is true of most websites, Community Website gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
iii) Correspondence. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
iv) Supplementation of Information. In order to provide certain services to you, we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third-party sources.
c. Site Usage. Freemason Hall may monitor your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your IP address) relating to your use of our Community Website and/or services and log this information. This information may be used to diagnose Community Website technical problems or problems with your account and to enhance your experience in using our Community Website.
d. Cookies. Cookies are data files that are written onto your computer by a website, and stay there unless they expire or are removed by you. Cookies enable us to recognize your computer when you revisit our Community Website, and recall your Peer Community Network preferences to enhance your experience in using Community Website. We do not use cookies to collect or use any information about your visits to other websites or otherwise collect any information from our Community Website. Consult your browser Help menu to learn more about how you can configure your browser software to notify you when your computer receives a new cookie. Note that you may also be able to configure your browser to disable the creation of cookies entirely (although your full interactive use of Community Website may be adversely impacted if you do this). We are not responsible for the use of cookies by third parties or how such parties may collect or use any information about your visits on our Community Website. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Community Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties.
e. Pixels Tags and Web Beacons. Freemason Hall may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of the Community Website, or we may allow third parties to use these devices on our behalf. When you access the Community Website, or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a non-personally identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on the Community Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our marketing and advertising partners for the same purposes.
f. Service-related Announcements. We may send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Disclosure of Collected Information
a. Information from the Site. Freemason Hall will never disclose to non-affiliated third parties without your prior approval, your e-mail address, phone number, or other personally identifiable information, that we collect via Community Website. However, we reserve the right to outsource certain activities to our business partners. In such case, we will disclose to these business partners only such information as is required to facilitate your transactions, and we will make every effort to have our business partners protect and refrain from disclosing your information to other third parties. Further, Freemason Hall will cooperate with official law enforcement inquiries, such as fraud investigations and subpoenas, and will disclose your information when necessary to comply with state and federal laws and regulations.
b. Information Disclosed for Direct Marketing. From time to time, as marketing opportunities arise with trusted third-party companies, Freemason Hall may share your demographical information after a diligent review of the offers. Sharing information will be done only through reputable third parties who have safeguards in place. Freemason Hall screens all companies who request information and reserves the right of refusal on any opportunity if the third party does not meet certain standards. Freemason Hall will also cross market between its affiliated companies and others. However, our customers should be assured that at no time will personal e-mails be shared. Furthermore, you have the ability to opt-in for any third-party offers. For more information on our opt-in arrangement, please review the section entitled Choice/Opt-Out.
c. Disclaimer. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from Community Website.
Security
Freemason Hall is committed to ensuring that your registration information is protected while you are on our Site. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, during transmission and once we receive it. Our goal is to provide a high quality service with the best possible online experience.
Enforcement
If for some reason you believe Freemason Hall has not adhered to the principles of this Privacy Policy, please notify us by accessing the Contact Us link and submitting a request.
a. Limitations of Warranties and Remedies. To the full extent allowed by law, Freemason Hall disclaims all warranties, terms or conditions, express or implied, either in fact or by operation of law, statutory or otherwise, including warranties, terms, or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and warranty of noninfringement. Freemason Hall neither assumes nor authorizes any other person to assume for it any other liability in connection with SERVICES FROM Freemason Hall TROUGH THE Community Website. liability OF Freemason Hall will not exceed the fee paid by the customer for the PURCHASE of the products. In no event will Freemason Hall be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive, or special damages, including, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, even if Freemason Hall has, or should have had, any knowledge, actual or constructive, of the possibility of such damages.
b. Indemnification. Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that by entering into and performing its obligations under this Privacy Policy, Freemason Hall will not assume and should not be exposed to the business and operational risks associated with Your business. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Freemason Hall and its officers and employees against any and all third party claims, suits, costs, losses liabilities and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorneys fees) that Freemason Hall may incur arising out of or resulting from the use of the Community Website or any of the services of Freemason Hall, the end user, or any other person.
c. Choice of Law and Venue. This agreement will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the state of Florida without application of choice-of-law provisions that would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction. By entering into this agreement, all parties irrevocably submit themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Pasco County, Florida with regard to any dispute relatING to this Privacy Policy or its enforcement. The parties also hereby waive any challenge to venue they may have to a lawsuit filed in a state or federal court in Pasco County, Florida, regarding a dispute between the parties relating to this Privacy Policy or its enforcement.
d. Severability. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired and a valid, legal, and enforceable provision of similar intent and economic impact will be substituted therefore.
e. Additional Provisions Regarding Liability. The parties agree that the foregoing limitations will not be read so as to limit any liability to an extent that would not be permitted under applicable law and specifically will not limit any liability for gross negligence, intentional tortious or unlawful conduct, or damages for strict liability that may not be limited by law.
f. Notices. Any notices or other communication required or permitted to be made or given by either Party pursuant to this Privacy Policy will be in writing, in English, and will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered if delivered personally or sent by recognized overnight express courier, to the address specified herein or such other address as Freemason Hall may specify in writing. All notices shall be sent to:
Freemason Hall
8348 Little Road
Suite 130
New Port Richey, FL 34654
Additional Information
a. Links. Our Community Website may contain links to other sites. However, please be aware that Freemason Hall is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy policies of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Community Website, and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Community Website.
b. Notification of Privacy Statement Changes. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and you may visit this page to learn of our revised Privacy Policy. All such changes shall be binding on you 14 calendar days after they are initially posted on our Community Website unless you are a new user, in which case they are binding on you immediately.
c. Choice/Opt-Out. Any customer may opt-out (or opt-in) at any time by accessing the Contact Us link and submitting a request.
d. Access to Personal Information. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire some or all of our services, you may correct, update or deactivate by accessing the Contact Us link and submitting a request or ticket through the Freemason Hall Community Support Center.
d. Business Transition. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.
e. Contact Us. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, by accessing the Contact Us link and submitting a request.
Advertisment
Copyright © 2020 FreemasonHall.com · Privacy Policy · Log in