http://www.misterpoll.com/privacy.html
Welcome! Sign in to access your account. New user?
Create new account
ADULT: OFF
HOME
DIRECTORY
SEARCH
RANDOM POLL
MAKE A POLL
Privacy Statement
Mister Poll Enterprises has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
this website: misterpoll.com.
Information Gathering
We use IP addresses only to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our web site.
This information is automatically
logged by our web server and is only consulted in case of a technical
problem.
In order to create polls, post messages, and use some other features of our web
site, you must register to create an account.
Our registration form requires
you to give us basic contact information, such as your name and email address.
This information may be used to contact you if there is a problem with our
service or to announce significant system changes.
Your email address is not
made public or shared with other users of this web site.
We do not share your
information with third parties or use it for marketing purposes.
All account holders must affirm that they are over the age of 13.
No personal information is ever gathered from visitors who simply read messages,
view polls, or vote in then.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and
alteration of the information under our control.
Corrections and Updates
Mister Poll account holders may change their previously provided contact
information at any time.
Simply visit
http://www.misterpoll.com/
and login to your account.
Third Party Advertising
We use
Google AdSense
and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web
site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address,
email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites
in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and
services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used
by these companies, please
click here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement
or the practices of this site, please contact us at:
Mister Poll Enterprises
misterpoll@misterpoll.com
Send
Tweet
FAQ |
Privacy Info |
Contact Us |
About Us |
Find Us on Facebook
Copyright © 2020 Pollbob Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Mister Poll and the Mister Poll logo are trademarks of Pollbob Inc.
All content and information is presented for entertainment purposes only.
There was a problem processing your data.
Please try again.