http://www.dailyzen.com/privacy/
Menu
Radar
Zendo
Journal
Library
Zen Cards
Gift Shop
About DZ
Sponsor
Daily Zen Statement of Privacy
Your privacy is protected and respected here Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Daily Zen website and governs data collection and usage at all Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, Statement of Privacy. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, is an eCommerce website. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an e-Commerce Web site, Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, website.
Use of your Personal Information
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, and its affiliates.
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Daily Zen or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data.
Control your Personal Information
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by emailing admin@dailyzen.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records. You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through encryption throughout.
Changes to this Statement
Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, will use your personal information, Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Cloud Hidden Inc, dba Daily Zen, is protecting your information.
Questions or concerns? Please drop us a line via the contact page or by postal mail.
Thank you for visiting Daily Zen!
Daily Zen
Cloud Hidden Inc
PO Box 745771
Arvada, CO 80006 USA
Send a Zen Card
Brighten a Friend's Day...
Join our Subsribers
Receive the Daily Zen Journal
Home
Contact
Privacy
Terms
Site Map
© 2019 TrueBlueDesigns. All rights reserved.
Zen Vows
Legend of Bodhidharma