http://www.foxstaniland.com.au/privacy-policy/
Fox & Staniland are committed to respecting the privacy of information about individuals.
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 and other laws which protect privacy.
We must only collect personal information that is necessary for our functions and activities. For example, we may collect personal information to provide our legal services or other associated services, such as training and consulting. We may also collect personal information about individuals seeking employment with us.
In certain circumstances we may collect sensitive information or health information about you. We will only collect this information if you provide it voluntarily, consent to us collecting it or we are otherwise authorised by law to do so.
If we are not provided with personal information that we request, we may not be able to fully provide our services to you.
Irrespective of whether personal information is stored electronically or in hard copy form, we take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Get in touch today to discuss your legal matter
02 9440 1202
lawyers@foxstaniland.com.au
Request a Callback
Fill out this form & one of our team will phone you back...
Your name is required.
Your phone is required.
Recent Blogs
When a Secret Lover Appears after Death, What Can They Claim?
08 DECEMBER 2020
In 2018 a man died without a will. He had three children. He had separated from his wife eight years prior to his death. Despite separating, the two were not divorced. Not long after the man’s death, his family was shocked to find that their father had a secret lover who they had never met or heard of. She made a claim on their father’s estate.
Read more
9 Things Your Business Needs to Know About Cybercrime!
23 NOVEMBER 2020
Cybercrime represents a major threat to all businesses. Here are the top 9 things to consider with respect to cybercrime.
Read more
Is Your Discretionary Trust Ready?
01 DECEMBER 2020
If you have a discretionary trust that holds (or may one day hold) real estate, then you need to be aware of a recent change in the law.
Read more
How Should Your Business React to Employees Who Push the Boundaries with their Jokes at Work ?
17 NOVEMBER 2020
In a recent case involved an employee of an oil refinery. The oil refinery’s management was in the process of negotiating a new pay deal with staff. The negotiations had been going for over two years without reaching an agreement.
Read more
Read more blogs
Home
About
Community Support
Testimonials
Law Australasia
Other Useful Websites
Our People
Property Law & Conveyancing Team
Litigation & Dispute Resolution Team
Commercial & Business Law Team
Family Law Team
Estate Planning & Probate Team
Our Expertise
Commercial & Business Law
Family Law & De Facto Relationships
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Property Law & Conveyancing
Estate Disputes
Wills & Estate Planning
Probate & Deceased Estates
Free Seminars
Family Law
Will Challenge
Prenup and Financial Agreements
Blog
Contact
02 9440 1202