http://www.rmdh.org/privacy
RMHNY - Privacy
Participation Center Login
SEARCH
Help families through the COVID-19 health emergency. Give Now.
Home
Who We Are
Leadership
What's New
Financial Documents
Greek Division
Contact Us
Guest Services
Guest Experience
Affiliated Hospitals
Neighborhood
FAQ
Programs
Volunteer
Current Volunteers
Team Leaders
Ronald Report
Volunteer FAQ
Events
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Who We Are
Guest Services
Programs
Volunteer
Events
Ways to Give
SIGN UP FOR EMAILS
Sign up for our email newsletter and get the latest news.
SUBSCRIBE
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Ronald McDonald House New York understands that our donor’s personal information is worthy of our respect and protection.  We highly restrict access internally and externally. We do periodically share direct mail donor information with other organizations in order to enhance our ability to serve families who have a child with cancer.  This process saves us money and is carefully monitored and donors may always opt-out.  Organizations we share with are pre-cleared for their mission appropriateness and their donor safety protocols.  All on-line and off-line donors may opt-out by sending a request by email, phone or postal mail to contact@rmh-newyork.org, 212-639-0205, Attn: Donor Data Base Administrator at Ronald McDonald House New York, 405 East 73rd St, NY, NY  10021.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
RMDHNY gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, email addresses and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information such as RMDHNY updates or information regarding various events, new fundraising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMDHNY to perform a variety of functions such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMDHNY does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMDHNY reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online. If at any time you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that an internet site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most internet sites, RMDHNY uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMDHNY. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy became effective on August 8, 2006 and was last modified on October 18, 2019. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHNY to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check back periodically. Any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
Donate Now
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
CHECK OUT OUR BLOG
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Sign up for our email newsletter and get the latest news.
SUBSCRIBE
STAY CONNECTED
© RMHCThe following trademarks used herein are owned by McDonald's Corporation and its affiliates; McDonald's, Ronald McDonald House Charities, Ronald McDonald House Charities Logo, RMHC, Ronald McDonald House, Ronald McDonald Family Room, and Ronald McDonald Care Mobile.EIN: 13-2933654