http://www.planetarypositions.com/terms-of-use.html/
Toggle navigation
VEDIC ASTROLOGY
Janma Kundali
Kundali Matching
Monthly Horoscope
Financial Astrology
Yearly Horoscope
Contact and Consultation
This portal is dedicated to Vedic Astrology - Vedanga Jyotish, a science that is deep-rooted in Indian culture, tradition, and philosophy of life.
Janma Kundali *New*
Kundali Matching *New*
Contact and Consultation
Panchanga Software
Astrology Articles
Signs
Planets in Astrology
Nakshatra
Horoscope Compatibility
Celebrity Astrology
Astrology Book Reviews
Like us on FaceBook!
Terms of use
Copyright Statement
All rights reserved. No part of the literature embodied in http://www.planetarypositions.com/ and covered by the copyrights hereon may be reproduced or copied in any form or by any means – graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, taping, or information storage and retrieval systems – without the written permission of the publisher. This holds good for all literary work. The guest articles submitted are copyrights of respective authors.The Charts – Birth Charts and Kundali Milan Charts, generated using the online java application software in the site http://www.planetarypositions.com/ in (a) html format or (b) image format can be saved electronically or printed provided:
The User does not remove the copyright statement at the bottom of every chart.
The copyright statement is visible clearly and is not mutilated in anyway.
The Charts generated using this website, may be distributed to any third party, freely or for a charge if there is genuine value addition. Requests to republish material on this website for distribution should be addressed to Abhilasha Sharma. E-Mail – abhilashas at gmail dot com.
Disclaimer
The information provided on the birth chart application and the guna milap application is as is, and the author does not provide any advice or interpretations that can be a substitute for an advice that you would get from a professional astrologer. Planetary Positions does not guarantee the accuracy, truthfulness or reliability of any of the information, content or advertisements contained in, resulting from, or linked to this website. As a person accessing this website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance upon any of these materials shall be at your sole judgment and risk. Planetary Positions also denies all liability from actions resulting from such judgment.
The views and opinions expressed by the guest authors are their own. Such articles are published as is, based on the content provided by them and this site does not take any responsibility of originality, correctness and accuracy of the information presented in these articles.
The stock market and commodities predictions made on this page and website are for informational purposes only. These may never be treated as recommendations to anyone to purchase any specific shares or futures/options. These predictions are based purely on Vedic Astrology principles and their accuracy is not guaranteed. These predictions may prove to be completely unrelated to what is happening in the stock and commodities market. These may be followed by the reader of this column/website solely at his/her own risk. This website, astrologers and the author(s) of this column refuse all liability and responsibility for losses made by the persons after going through this column. They may or may not have any positions in the shares and sectors indicated in this blog and it in no way influences the overall points mentioned here.
Privacy Policy
The owners and webmasters of the website respect your privacy. The practices followed by the site are as follows:Cookies
This site uses cookies to track information about its visitors. The information is used only for maintaining statistics and is not shared with anyone else for any purpose. Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on this website.
Google Adsense and DoubleClick DART cookies:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Please follow these sites to disable cookies on the browser:Internet Explorer 6 – http://support.microsoft.com/kb/283185Firefox – http://support.mozilla.com/kb/Options+window#Cookies
NewsletterThis site allows visitors to sign up for a free newsletter by providing an email address. The email address you provide is used only to send you the free newsletter, and you can unsubscribe by clicking a link in any issue of the newsletter.
Forums and comments on the blogDiscussions/messages on the forum and on the blog are available to the visitors of the site as public information. Please exercise caution before disclosing personal information in these areas. By adding a comment, you grant a right to planetarypositions.com to use the information in other articles and notes on this website.
Date and Time of Birth in Horoscope & Kundali Matching ApplicationsThe date and time of birth collected in the kundali matching applications are not stored on the server. They are used only for calculation purposes only.
Previous
Next
Recent Posts
August 2020 Monthly Predictions
Monthly Predictions July 2020
Monthly Thoughts – April 2020
Basic Lessons: Real Estate or Stock Market
Monthly Predictions March 2020
CATEGORIES Monthly Rashifal & Predictions
Financial Astrology
Weekly Panchanga
Astro Remedies
Yearly Horoscope
Readers' Queries
Vedic Astrology Yogas
Kundali Matching
Gemstones
Medical Astrology
Free Astrology Software
Vedic Calendar
Mathematics of Astrology
Astrological Miscellany
Planetary Transits
Astronomy
Thoughts
Vedic Samskara
Religion
Website Maintenance
Guest Articles
Cricket
Vastu
Advertisements
RSS Feed
Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner
TagAstrology Yogas
Birth Charts
Horoscope Compatibility
Janma Kundali
Kundali-Matching
Medical Astrology
Mundane Astrology
Online Astrology
rashifal
References
Transits
Twitter Timeline
Tweets by Vedang_Jyotish
Contact Information | Need Help? | Frequently Asked Questions | Astrology Glossary |
Sitemap
| RSS Feeds
© Copyright 2014-2016, Abhilasha and Kshitij Sharma. All right reserved. Terms of Use.