http://www.barnesandnoble.com/h/help/cookie-policy
×
Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.
For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.
Like many online retailers, we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to Barnes & Noble Websites. This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience. "Cookies" are small files that are placed in your browser to collect information about your activities on a Barnes & Noble Website. Cookies help us to: (1) speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart and provide you with content that is tailored to you; (2) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it; (3) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners' marketing efforts and communications; and (4) monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of ads displayedWe use the following types of cookie:Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Barnes & Noble Services will not then work.Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors navigate on our site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be activated by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be activated on our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience fewer targeted advertisements.How to Manage CookiesHow can I opt-out of cookies?You can opt-out of targeting cookies by clicking on the “Manage Preferences” button on the cookie banner at the bottom of the website homepage. In addition, you can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable/block cookies entirely using the features provided in your browser’s settings.Please see the following links with instructions on how to disable cookies on your browser: By clicking on any of these links, you will be leaving this siteWe make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of the information provided at these sitesDisabling Cookies in ChromeDisabling Cookies in SafariDisabling Cookies in Internet ExplorerDisabling Cookies in FirefoxNOTE: If you decide to opt-out of or disable cookies, you may not be able to use all of our website features or some features may break. How can I update my cookie preferences?If at any time you want to update your cookie settings, you will need to clear/delete all cookies from your browser. Once you clear/delete your cookies, the cookie banner will re-appear on the bottom of your browser window. From this banner, you can click “Manage Preferences” to update your cookie settings. Please see the following links with instructions on how to clear your cookies:By clicking on any of these links, you will be leaving this site.We make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of the information provided at these sitesClearing Cookies in ChromeClearing Cookies in SafariClearing Cookies in Internet ExplorerClearing Cookies in FirefoxNOTE: If you decide to opt-out of or disable cookies, you may not be able to use all of our website features or some features may break.