https://www.december.com/works/central/terms.html
december.com / works |
Search
·
Market
·
Hotels
december.com
Terms of Use
Do not copy or redistribute any of the content of December Communications, Inc. Web site (december.com) in any form without prior permission.
This includes images and photographs that are copyright by December Communications, Inc.
To request permission, send email to john@december.com with the subject line "works-central-request".
You may freely make a link from your Web site to any page of december.com for any purpose that you like. Thank you!
Do not copy any page or portion of any page of december.com to store or host on your site.
You may display and use pages as served directly from december.com in any forum such as a classroom, seminar, training session, or meeting, as you wish, without further permission.
You may print any page of december.com for your personal use and study, but not for commercial redistribution.
December.com is not liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information on this site and assumes no responsibility for
anyone's use of the information or damages.
December.com provides content without
warranty, expressed or implied,
regarding the accuracy, adequacy, completeness,
legality, reliability, or usefulness of any information.
The information is provided "as is."
The information does not consitute medical, legal, or other
professional advice of any kind.
December.com is not responsible for the content of any referenced or linked off-site page.
You may ask questions regarding these Terms of Use by email to john@december.com with the subject line "works-central-terms".
Privacy Policy
Cookies are small data files that a Web site you visit may save on your computer or handheld device that usually includes an anonymous unique identifier.
If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your PC or handheld device, then you may be able to disable them in your web browser. The option to do so may be found in your browser's "security settings" section.
You can visit www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more.
You may visit www.networkadvertising.org to use a tool to opt out of cookies.
We may collect anonymous statistics about your visit through google adsense, our Web hosting, or other services which may collect information about page visits to this site.
These online products or services may use cookies for user authentication, keeping track of your preferences, promotional campaigns, and tracking our audience size and traffic patterns.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to a Web site.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on visits to sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings and other cookies
by visiting aboutads.info.
Cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on this site.
Some third parties like Facebook and Twitter may know you visited this Web site, if you use their services.
Ad networks or analytic services we use may create a december.com cookie.
If your browser shows a cookie from december.com or www.december.com, you may permanently delete it or block it if you wish, and you can still use the december.com site.
Third-party advertisers may also create and access cookies, which will be subject to their privacy policies – we accept no responsibility or liability for the use of such third parties' cookies.
December Communications, Inc. does place advertisements on its pages with affiliate companies which may use inline graphics or cookies to collect page impression data:
Google.com privacy policy.
Commission Junction privacy policy.
Amazon.com privacy notice.
You may ask questions regarding this Privacy Policy by email to john@december.com with the subject line "works-central-privacy".
Affiliate and Earnings Policy
I am an affiliate of several advertising and affiliate networks and place
affiliate and advertising links on my Web site.
Clicking on a link or an ad may earn money for me in terms of a referral
commission, advertising payment, or income.
You may ask questions regarding this Affiliate Policy by email to john@december.com with the subject line "works-central-affiliate".
Last revision 2015-10-06 by john@december.com
Share
·
Search ·
Market
2020-04-25
· John December · Terms © December Communications, Inc.