http://www.fcsla.com/privacy.shtml
2020 Photo Contest
President's Welcome
Board of Directors
Branch/Producer Locator
Privacy
History
125th Anniversary
FAQs
Financial Highlights
Here's What's New
Life Insurance
Fraternal Benefits
Life Cost Quote
Annuities
Glossary of Terms
Forms
Tools
Fraternal Department
Calendar of Events
Community
Fraternally Yours
Magazine
ScholarshipOpportunites
Slovak/American
Cookbook
Slovak Language School
Slovak History & Culture
Site Map
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective February 1, 2018
AN IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY
In compliance with federal law and regulation, we are required to provide each member with
information regarding the practices we have in place to protect the privacy of our members. This notice
explains the types of data about you that we collect and disclose, with whom that data may be shared,
and how we protect your data. We recognize that the protection of our members' privacy is of the
utmost importance.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In the process of becoming our member you (or someone representing you) provided FCSLA with certain
nonpublic personal information, such as your name, date of birth, address, marital status and Social
Security number. If you have applied for life insurance, you may also have provided us with employment
and medical information and may have authorized us to obtain further information concerning your
health history. With your authorization, we have collected only the minimum amount of information
necessary to underwrite your application.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain the highest levels of confidentiality concerning your nonpublic personal information. Our
employees have been trained in the careful handling and protection of such information. Only
individuals who are trained to safeguard your data may use data about you. Those who use your data
must follow established standards, procedures and laws. They understand that improper disclosure of
nonpublic personal information is a serious matter with severe consequences. If we should find it
necessary to retain another organization to assist us with our operations, we will require that it maintain
the same strict standards of confidentiality as we do. In addition, we maintain physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect the nonpublic financial information of our members.
INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE
We are a fraternal benefit society that has always been committed to protecting the privacy of its
members. There are no affiliated financial institutions or third party affiliates which have access to your
nonpublic personal information, except pursuant to your authorization. We do not share data about you
with other organizations, except as permitted by law. For example, we are permitted to share data
about you to (i) help us underwrite your insurance, (ii) open your account, (iii) process transactions and
administer your claims, (iv) share with organizations that act for us or on our behalf, (v) comply with an
inquiry by a government agency or regulator or in connection with civil or criminal litigation, or (vi) assist
us in providing benefits to you as part of your membership. We will not sell any list of our members'
names or addresses.
Our policy of protecting the security of nonpublic personal information also extends to certificate
holders who no longer have coverage with us. Please be assured that the information in our insurance
and annuity files will always be available to our members for corrections and changes when a written
request is submitted.
We are pleased to have you as a member and will work diligently to maintain your trust.
First Catholic Slovak Ladies Association
National Headquarters
24950 Chagrin Blvd.
Beachwood, Ohio 44122-5634
Phone:
(216) 464-8015
Toll Free:
(800) 464-4642
Fax:
(216) 464-9260
E-mail:
info@fcsla.com
©
First Catholic Slovak Ladies Association   All Rights Reserved.  Powered by
Dynamics
Online