http://www.blaufund.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
What data do we collect?
Log files containing information about requests to our website. This includes such things as the date and time of requests to our website and the IP addresses of requests.
(For an explanation of what constitutes a “request” see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview)
If you use our contact form, we collect your name, email address, and any descriptive information that you submit.
Do we use cookies?
No.
How do we collect your data?
We receive data directly through our contact form if you decide to use it. We also use web server log analyzers to look at request logs.
How will we use your data?
We collect data so that we can answer your direct inquiries and so that we can see which website pages are most frequented and of most use to visitors.
How do we store your data?
Log data is kept by our web host. Information submitted through our contact form will be retained on our email server and may be entered into a grants database. We also use additional third-party software and services to manage and store information, this would include your name and email if you submit it. We endeavor to store your information in the safest way possible and in keeping with current best practices.
What data do we share?
We never sell data. We do not share data with third parties.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or information collection on any of those sites. You should review each site’s privacy policy.
Modification
We will amend or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time and recommend you review it periodically. If you continue to view the Site after revisions to this policy have been made, you are automatically agreeing to the new terms.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Terms & Conditions, please contact us.
Last Updated April 28, 2020
Scroll To Top