http://www.hpcuu.org/front-page/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
High Plains Church Unitarian UniversalistThe Unity Campus
1945 Mesa Road
Colorado Springs, CO 80904
(719)-260-1080office@hpcuu.orgSunday Service:
3:30pm
Office Hours:
Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday 2-5pm
High Plains Church Unitarian Universalist
One mountain
many paths
Facebook YouTube Instagram
Directions
Contact
Donate
Sunday Services: 3:30 pm
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by High Plains Church Unitarian Universalist, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: office@hpcuu.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at office@hpcuu.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than High Plains Church Unitarian Universalist. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
HomeTerms and Conditions
Website Privacy Policy
Contact Webmaster
Next ServiceCalm Is a Superpower — Sacred Space and the Rhythm of RestDec 13, 2020 at 3:30 pmRev. Julia McKayAll mammals know that the Winter Season naturally signals the body’s need for rest and dormancy. Simultaneously, we find ourselves on a long pilgrimage through this pandemic. Pilgrimages are often a time of spiritual renewal, and remembering the essential rhythm between action and rest can … read more.
First Time Visitor?Upcoming ServicesService Archive
Donate Today
Important Note: Our Church Goes Online!
Click here for information on the Unity Center's building use suspension.
Search for:
Search