http://www.nzweddingplanner.co.nz/privacy-policy/
HomeMagazineBridal TipsBridal EventsReal WeddingsDirectoryBooksForumWedding Websites
Advertisers
Bridal Club
Home
To-Do
Budget
Favourites
Guests
Seating
Prizes
My Website
Profile
Login
Find the perfect Service Provider
The easy way to browse over 15,000 Service Providers
Find
Category
Accommodation
Adventure Tours
Beauty & Makeup
Beverages
Bridal Cars
Bridal Shoes
Bridal Wear and Accessories
Cakes
Caterers
Celebrants
Ceremony Venues
Churches
Co-ordinators and Planners
Dance Lessons
Decorations and Displays
Discos, Karaoke & Juke Boxes
Dressmakers & Designers
Drycleaning and Preservation
Equipment Hire
Favours
Financial Institutions
Fitness & Wellbeing
Florists
Gift Registers
Hairdressers
Hens/Stag Parties
Honeymoons
Invitations and Calligraphy
Jewellery
Lingerie
Live Music
Marquees
Menswear
Other
Photographers
Plant Hire
Printers
Reception Venues
Rental Cars
Tailors & Alterations
Travel Arrangements
Video/Photo Booth
Videographers
Wedding Homepages
near
Region
Auckland
Bay of Plenty and Taupo
Canterbury
Gisborne
Hawke's Bay
International
Manawatu
Marlborough
Nelson and Bays
Northland
Otago
Southland
Taranaki
Timaru / Oamaru
Waikato and Coromandel
Wairarapa
Wanganui
Wellington
West Coast
Search
New Zealand Wedding Planner Service DirectoryTerms of Agreement of Use and Privacy Policy
Acceptance
By accessing the NZ Wedding Planner website you agree to use our
website in accordance with these terms and conditions.
Copyright
All material displayed on this website including text, images,
logos, banner and functions are copyright to the NZ Wedding Planner
or to its advertisers.
Downloading or printing of individual pages of this site is
permitted only for your personal use or for the purposes of
planning your wedding.
Downloading, printing or copying of any material on this site or
the reproduction of this site or its functionality in any form or
for any other purpose is prohibited.
Use of Our Directory
You may manually search and view listings and advertisements; you
may download or print any individual page containing the results of
a manual search as long as this is intended for private use.
All material you download or print must retain any trademarks or
copyright notices as they appear in the directory.
Apart from using the directory under this licence or any fair
dealing under the Copyright Act 1994, no material from the
directory may be searched, printed, downloaded, copied, republished
or distributed in any way without the prior written permission of
The NZ Wedding Planner or the owner of the site from which you have
downloaded material.
Information and Web Site Links Provided by
Advertisers
Although we ask advertisers to ensure their advertisements in our
directory and on their own linked web sites are accurate, we are
not responsible for checking them and make no representation about
the accuracy or truth of any advertisement. The NZ Wedding Planner
takes no responsibility for the accuracy of contents displayed by
our advertisers or their products and services. Further we take now
responsibility for your dealings with advertisers
Your Dealings with Advertisers on Our
Site
We are not the agent of any advertiser listed in our NZ Wedding
Planner Service Directory.  We do not endorse advertisers or
their products and services and have no control over the quality,
safety, suitability, legality, availability or price of any product
or service advertised on the NZ Wedding Planner.  We are not
involved, on behalf of either you or the advertiser, in any dealing
resulting from the use of our directory.  You must communicate
and deal with advertisers directly to complete transactions or
resolve problems arising from them directly.
Use of our Directory
Information about use of the NZ Wedding Planner Directory is of
commercial value to us.  To help us provide high quality
directory and advertising services for both users and advertisers,
and other services for our other customers, we may collect and
store information about the way the directory is being used and the
products and services advertised or ordered via the
directory.
Your Privacy
When joining the NZ Wedding Planner Bridal Club you must provide
your correct details. You agree to receive promotional emails
directly from the NZ Wedding Planner and its advertisers. You will
be able to unsubscribe at any time.
We will not collect, store or use any information about you
personally resulting from the use of our website, except as is
necessary to provide any services on our website including the
bridal club membership. No details stored on the NZ Wedding Planner
website will be passed to any third parties
We ask advertisers to respect your privacy but we have no control
over the use to which an advertiser puts the information you have
provided.  If you have a concern that an advertiser has used
information inappropriately, you need to contact the advertiser
directly.
Availability of Our Services
We do not guarantee access to our site or any other service we
provide, we may modify, or withhold, suspend or restrict any
service provided at any time without notice.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by New Zealand law, we exclude any
liability we may have to you relating to the use of our
website.  This exclusion also applies for the benefit of our
employees, contractors and agents of NZ Wedding
Planner.
New Zealand Law Applies
The NZ Wedding Planner is located in New Zealand and all services
we provide via the directory are provided in New Zealand under New
Zealand law. This applies whether you are using the directory from
within or outside of New Zealand.
NZ Wedding Planner
New Zealand's most advanced wedding website
(Success Performance Solutions)
Copyright © NZ Wedding Planner Ltd
:: Home :: Service Directory :: Bridal Tips :: Wedding Article Archive :: Wedding
Planner ::
:: Bridal Club :: Wedding
Homepages :: Bridal Magazine :: Reciprocal Links :: Real
Weddings ::
:: Discussion Forum :: Advertise :: Polls :: Bridal Shows :: Testimonials :: Terms of
use ::
:: Books :: Link To Us :: Master
Search List :: Privacy
Policy :: Contact Us ::
Website Design by Sniper Systems Ltd