http://www.stedchurch.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=22:privacy-policy&catid=2:uncategorised&Itemid=101
Home
Weekly Bulletin Important Forms Volunteer Opportunities Columbarium Catholic Resources Photo Gallery My Own Church
WeShare Online Livestream Videos and Mass Aids Coming Up Next
Privacy Policy
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church does not read any of your private online communications.
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church and St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church collects and uses your personal information to operate the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web site and deliver the services you have requested. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church and its affiliates. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church, in order to determine what St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church pages, or register with St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church site or services, a cookie helps St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church is protecting your information.
Contact Information
St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church has not adhered to this Statement, please contact St. Edward the Confessor Roman Catholic Church at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Regular Mass ScheduleSaturday: - 5:00 pm (Live Streamed)
Sunday: -   8:00 am (Not Live Streamed),
11:00 am (Live Streamed)
5:00 pm (Not Live Streamed)
Reconciliation9:30 am, M-F
Saturday 9:00 am
Daily Mass9:00 am, M-F (Live Streamed)
2700 Dolfield DriveNorth Chesterfield, VA 23235Phone: (804) 272-2948Fax: (804) 560-3565
Home Sacraments Liturgy Ministries Parish Staff Visitors