http://www.uwest.edu/about-uwest/privacy-policy/
Apply Now
Aspiring Students
Current Students
Staff & Faculty
Community
Quick Links
Student Portal
Student Email
Faculty Portal
Staff Email
Adjunct Faculty Email
Library
Faculty/Staff Directory
Giving
Contact
Apply Online
Access Your Online Courses
Privacy Policy
About UWest
Our Mission
Our History
Our Founder
Campus Leadership
CAO Message
Board of Trustees
Strategic Plan
Institutional Research
Accreditation
Consortium Schools
Careers
Giving
This is the website of University of the West.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at info@uwest.edu.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU citizens data privacy and to reshape the way organizations across the region approach data privacy. The key articles of the GDPR, as well as information on its business impact, can be found at the EU General Data Protection Regulation website.
If you need additional information or have a specific question regarding GDPR, please send an email to info@uwest.edu. This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it .  and be sure to include, your name, campus, the best way to contact you and a brief description of your question.
Information subject to change.