http://www.uway.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
United Way of the Midlands
Privacy Policy
United Way of the Midlands is committed to protecting the privacy of our donors. United Way of the Midlands does NOT sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We use the information we collect from you to process gifts and to provide a more personalized online experience. United Way of the Midlands may transfer some information to our agents for purposes such as clearing credit cards, or analyzing traffic to enhance your online experience, but always under strict confidentiality. The only time we would release personal information outside the provisions of our privacy policy is if we conclude, in good faith, that it is necessary to comply with legal requirements, to enforce our rights or to protect United Way of the Midlands, you or our other donors.
United Way of the Midlands will take every precaution to ensure every transaction made to www.uway.org is safe and secure.
Donor Satisfaction Guarantee
United Way of the Midlands operates under the highest ethical standards. We promote voluntary giving. If you feel you were coerced into making a contribution, please contact our office for a confidential refund at 803.733.5400.
Who services the United Way of the Midlands website?
Cyberwoven – A full-service digital agency, integrating strategy, design, and development. More information is available at www.cyberwoven.com.
Authorize.net – Authorize.Net is a payment gateway service provider allowing merchants to accept credit card and electronic check payments through their Web site and over an IP connection. More information is available at www.authorize.net.
CyberSource - CyberSource is an E-commerce credit card payment system management company. Customers process online payments, streamline online fraud management, and simplify payment security.
How do I know that a transaction with United Way of the Midlands safe?
When a user logs into the United Way of the Midlands website, www.uway.org and the Online Giving section, whether as an individual or through the workplace, they are redirected to this form. If the user chooses to process their donation with a Debit/Credit card, the user is automatically redirected to www.authorize.net. The "s" in the url https signifies that the activity is conducted over a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) which means all data from uway.org to sagepayments.net is encrypted and indecipherable to anyone but Sage Payment Solutions. SSL is the industry standard, and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so it can't be read as the information travels over the Internet.   Credit/debit card information stays with Authorize.net and is not sent back to or maintained by United Way of the Midlands and does not reside at uway.org or its server   Demographic data resides on the server  until the online campaign is completed then it is transferred to United Way of the Midlands for electronic uploading to the enterprise software and deleted from the server
What if I don't want to use my credit card?
No problem. Simply call us at 803-733-5400 and we would be happy to take your pledge over the phone.
For more information about United Way of the Midlands' donor confidentiality policy, please click here.
What information does United Way of the Midlands collect? How do they use it?
-When you pledge, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, the card's expiration date and the security code on the back of the card. This allows us to verify and process your credit card and fulfill your pledge.
-When you Join Our Email List, we need only your name, e-mail address and zip code.
-We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new United Way of the Midlands programs or services, and special events we think you'll find valuable.
How does United Way of the Midlands protect customer information?
When you make a pledge or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Will United Way of the Midlands disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
United Way of the Midlands does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. The only time we would release personal information outside the provisions of our privacy policy is if we conclude, in good faith, that it is necessary to comply with legal requirements, to enforce United Way of the Midlands' rights or to protect, you or our other customers.
In summary we're committed to protecting your privacy. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by United Way of the Midlands. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Who can I contact if I have further questions?Laura Campbell
Security Statement
Uway.org provides its customers with the latest Internet electronic commerce security software. All transactions on our web site are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and 256-bit AES-based encryption to ensure your personal and credit card information is safe from the moment you sign up as a member and throughout any transaction that involves the transfer of credit card information online. SSL technology only works when you have a secure browser. Secure browsers include Netscape Navigator 2.0 and later, Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.0 and later, and AOL version 4 or later. To verify whether your browser is secure, look for the specific security lock or key icon at the bottom of the page. This icon ensures the browser is talking to our servers with secure, encrypted computer language. If you have any concerns, e-mail or call us or use one of the alternative giving options such as pledging by telephone or fax.