http://www.tepsa.eu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
The Trans European Policy Studies Association (TEPSA) is a non-profit international association (Association Internationale Sans But Lucratif) under Belgian Law.
Our headquarters are based at Rue d’Egmont 11 – 1000 Brussels, Belgium.
Our website address is: http://www.tepsa.eu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Website
We use cookies and other technologies to ensure website users have the best possible experience. When you visit http://www.tepsa.eu/, we collect certain data related to your device, such as your device’s IP address, referring website, country, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our website. We collect this information purely for analytical purposes. This information is collected via Google Analytics. Google Analytics’ privacy policy can be consulted at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this platform you can do it through your browser settings.
When you register for our events, we may collect certain information such as your name, organisation, and email address. Whenever this is the case, we will explicitly ask for this information and you will have a choice not to provide it. We store this information indefinitely, but the information is used purely for organisational purposes internal to TEPSA, and is not shared with third parties nor used for marketing purposes.
Articles on this site may include links to or embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) from other websites. Links to or embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. TEPSA is not responsible for, and this this Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of such websites and the organisations behind them. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Newsletter
When you sign up for our newsletter, we collect information about your name, organisation and email address. We explicitly ask you to provide this information and explicitly seek your consent to receive email updates from TEPSA. You always have a choice not to provide some information, except for your email address.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. Your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing purposes. Learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here.
You can opt-out of receiving emails from us at any time, by using the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at communications@tepsa.eu.
Contact information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to communications@tepsa.eu, and we will try to solve your concerns.
Last updated 03/06/2020
Agenda
no event
See All
Tweets
VideoVideo
Find us TEPSA - Trans European Policy Studies Association
11, Rue d'Egmont
B-1000 Brussels, Belgium
Tel: +32(0)2 511 34 70
Fax: +32 (0)2 511 67 70
Tag Cloud
Anything in here will be replaced on browsers that support the canvas element
security
Russia
European integration
Brexit
elections
Spain
migration
China
foreign policy
EU-Turkey
Ukraine
Turkey
future of Europe
United States
defence
trade
energy
economy
Germany
Central and Eastern Europe
EU
NATO
Trump Administration
economic governance
France
defence cooperation
European identity
human rights
European democracy
Italy
MENA
Mediterranean
democracy
Eastern neighbourhood
investment
development
Hungary
United Kingdom
EU Global Strategy
political parties
enlargement
Baltic states
trade agreements
international security
Southern Neighbourhood
economic crisis
Western Balkans
social policy
Iran
populism
Search our website
Search for:
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. More information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close