http://www.schwabcharitable.org/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Your Privacy
At Schwab Charitable™, we’re committed to respecting and safeguarding the privacy of potential donors, current donors, and all others associated with a charitable account or charitable trust. Explore this policy to learn what kind of information we collect, how we use and share that information, and how you can tell us to limit sharing some of that information.
Contact Us with Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy of your information at Schwab Charitable or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by calling 800-746-6216, sending an email, or addressing a letter to:
Schwab Charitable
211 Main Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
Privacy
Your Privacy is Not For Sale
Simply put, we do not and will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
How We Capture Information About You
Account applications. We capture information from you in order to provide services to you when you open an account with Schwab Charitable. The information we capture may include your name, address, phone number, email address, Social Security number, date of birth. We use this information to respond to inquiries, administer the account, and recommend program offerings that we believe may be of interest to you.
Transaction and experience information. Once a Donor opens an account with us, we capture and maintain personal information about contributions, grant recommendations and other similar information relating to the account. This information allows us to administer the account, to provide the services a Donor Party has requested and to inform you of other offerings we believe may be of interest to you.
Third-party information providers. We may capture information about you from third parties to verify your identity, or to better understand your financial needs.
Web Site usage. When you visit our secure Donor Center, we may use devices known as "cookies," graphic interchange format files (GIFs), or other similar web tools to enhance your web experience. These tools enable us to recognize you when you return to our site, and to maintain your web session while you browse throughout the site, as well as help us provide you with a better, more personalized experience. Cookies do not, standing alone, identify you as an individual by name or account number; they merely recognize your browser.
How We Share Information About You
Within Schwab Charitable and our service providers such as third-party vendors, we restrict access to your personal information to those who require it to provide our services to you. For example, we have entered into a number of arrangements with Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.® to provide investment management and administrative services. Any third party vendor is contractually obligated not to disclose or use your personal information for any purpose other than providing services to Schwab Charitable.
We do not sell or rent Donor Party names or personal information to any third party including any firm, vendor or non-profit organization. We do not share your personal information with any third party including any firm, vendor or non-profit organization for their marketing or fundraising purposes.
We may share the personal information that we capture with government agencies or other regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials (for example, for tax reporting or for reporting suspicious transactions) to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes.
Safeguarding Your Information, Maintaining Your Trust
We take precautions to ensure the information we capture about you is protected and is accessed only by authorized individuals or organizations. Companies we use to provide support services are not allowed to use information about a Donor for their own purposes and are contractually obligated to maintain strict confidentiality. We limit their use of information to the performance of the specific services we have requested.
We restrict access to personal information by our employees and agents. Our employees are trained about privacy and are required to safeguard personal information.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information.
Teaming Up Against Identity Theft
Identity theft is a serious concern to all of us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority. We take steps to protect you from identity theft by:
Utilizing Donor Party identification and authentication procedures before initiating transactions;
Creating a secure transmission connection to our Web Site. You will see the padlock in the address bar of your browser's frame indicating it is a secure site; and,
Ensuring our employees are trained to safeguard personal information about you.
You can also help protect your identity and accounts. Here are a few steps to remember:
We will never request your account number, login password, or Social Security number in either a non-secure or unsolicited email communication.
Be sure to shred documents that contain personal information.
Check your credit report regularly for unauthorized activity and protect your personal identification numbers (PINs) or personal data.
Greater Accuracy Means Better Protection
We are committed to keeping accurate, up-to-date records to help ensure the integrity of the information we maintain about you. If you identify an inaccuracy in this information, or you need to make a change to it, please contact us promptly by calling 800-746-6216.
A Commitment to Keeping You Informed
We will provide you with advance notice of important changes to our information-sharing practices.
Web-Specific Information
The term "Schwab Charitable Fund" refers to Schwab Charitable Fund and the term "Account" refers to your account with Schwab Charitable Fund.
The Donor Center
The Donor Center is the area of our Web Site available only to donors and others associated with a donor's Account with Schwab Charitable Fund, such as nominators, investment advisors, successors, etc. (each referred to herein as "you" and collectively referred to herein as "Donor "). The Donor Center provides a private and secure Web environment to make contributions, recommend grants, and access Account information. Logging in to the Donor Center requires both a logon ID and a password individually selected by each Donor Party. The Donor Center uses leading encryption technology so that the data we transmit to you and the data you transmit to us across the Internet is safe. Secure data includes account information, grant recommendations, and email sent from within the Donor Center.
Password
Your Donor Center password is your private entry key into an Account. You should never share it with anyone and you should change it periodically. You can change your password any time you like after logging in to our Donor Center.
Our password requirements, which facilitate online account security, are as follows:
Your password must be 6-8 characters long. It also must:
Include both letters AND numbers.
Include at least one number BETWEEN the first and last character.
Contain no symbols (!, %, #, etc.)
Examples of valid passwords: kev6in, 2be111,will1am
Examples of invalid passwords: kevin, 111111, will1, #1abcd
If you forget your password, please call a Donor Relations representative at 800-746-6216 and we will be glad to help you.
Logging Off
After you've finished accessing the Donor Center, don't forget to log off. This prevents someone else from accessing the Account if you leave your computer and your session hasn't "timed out," or automatically shut down.
Security Risk of Using Non-Approved Automated Software Applications
For security reasons and to guard the safety of your data, access to this site is limited to SSL-capable browsers like Netscape Navigator 4.06 or higher or Microsoft's Internet Explorer 4.01 or higher. Under no circumstances should you use any software, program, application, or any other device to access or log-in to Schwab Charitable Fund Web Site, or to automate the process of obtaining, downloading, transferring, or transmitting any content to or from Schwab Charitable Fund's computer systems, Web Site, or proprietary software.
Cookies, GIFs and Other Web Tools
When you interact with our online channels, such as our Web Site or through email or a wireless device, we strive to make that experience easy and meaningful. To do so, we use several tools. When you come to our Web Site, our Web server sends a cookie to your computer. A cookie is simply an electronically transmitted file that holds small pieces of information. When you navigate through our Web Site, your browser "requests" pages for you to view, and that request will include the information stored in the cookie we previously sent to your computer. This process is like an electronic "handshake" between our system and your computer; the information exchanged allows us to recognize your browser.
Cookies and Personal Identification
Standing alone, cookies, GIFs and other Web tools, as well as data derived from them, do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Schwab Charitable, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or registering for an online service, you remain anonymous to us.
"Persistent Cookies."
Cookies come in two flavors: persistent and session-based. Only persistent cookies remain on your computer after you've closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser that only Schwab Charitable can read and use, and the fact that you are a Donor Party. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information we send through persistent cookies. For example, we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies.
"Session Cookies."
Session cookies exist only during an online session with Schwab Charitable. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Session cookies allow you to conduct transactions or request your own personal or account information on our Web Site. They contain encrypted or encoded information about your account(s), and/or identifying information that you have previously provided to us. This information allows us to process your online transactions and requests. Examples include a request to see your account balance or make grant recommendations. Without the session cookie information, we would not be able to complete your Web transactions securely. Session cookies help us make sure you are who you say you are after you've logged in.
"Graphics Interchange Format."
On our Web sites, including Donor Center pages, and in emails we sometimes include a GIF. On the Web, they allow us to keep your session active while you may be using research (such as Guidestar) so that you will not have to log in again when you return to the Donor Center. In an email message, we may embed a GIF in the message that allows us, for example, to determine if your email reader is HTML capable or how fast your connection to the Internet is. This allows us to deliver content in a format most appropriate to your computer's capabilities.
"Other Web Tools."
Sometimes we include links to Web pages in an email or in banner advertisements which include a code that allows us to know if you clicked on that link. We do this so that we can personalize your experience, such as recognizing you when you reach the Web page you clicked to, or by displaying information and content we believe will be relevant to you. We also do this to measure the effectiveness and usefulness of our advertisements and the messages we send, and we use this information to continually improve the way we communicate.
Other Ways We Use Information Obtained From Cookies and GIFs.
Cookies enable us to understand better how you and others use our online channels. They allow us to capture information about where your browser goes on our Web Site. This assists us in understanding your preferences and improving our Web Site. For example, the information we obtain from cookies or GIFs helps us understand whether our customers use certain Web features and how to improve navigation. We also may use information gathered as the result of GIFs or cookies to target emails or Web messages to groups of customers based on the parts of our Web Site they visit the most. Knowing where your browser has been on our Web Site helps us present useful information and offers to you.
Email Communications and Opting Out
Email is an important communication channel between Schwab Charitable and the Donor.
Email sent from within Schwab Charitable Fund's Donor Center (after you have logged on with your Account number and password) is secured with the same Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology we use to transmit private account information. So please remember that any email you send to Schwab Charitable Fund identifying your account should originate in the secure Donor Center.
We may also use your email address to send you information about services and products we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive email related to these services and products, simply log into the Donor Center and send us an email from the Contact Us section or call us at 800-746-6216.
If you receive an email from us about a product or service, you may unsubscribe to future emails about that product or service by following the instructions in the email message.
Correcting and Updating Your Information
The accuracy of your personal information is important to us. If you are a Donor Party and have a concern about your personal or account information maintained at Schwab Charitable Fund, or want to correct, update, or confirm your information, please call us at 800-746-6216. We will be happy to review and update our records. If you have an Account with Schwab Charitable Fund, you may also login to the Donor Center and send us an email from the Contact Us section.
Internet Usage Information Collected By Internet Search Engines
If you access the Schwab Charitable web site through a Schwab Charitable sponsored advertising link through an Internet search engine, such as Google, such engines may collect Internet usage information about you that may be shared with Schwab Charitable. These search engines may use cookies to serve advertisements to you based on your prior visits to Schwab Charitable's web site. You may opt out of an Internet search engine's use of cookies by contacting the company. Google's opt-out policy may be found at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. In using the services of third parties such as Internet search engines who may collect information about you, you are subject to the privacy policies of the third parties and not Schwab Charitable.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Schwab Charitable's Privacy Policy may be revised at any time, for any reason. An updated Privacy Policy document will be posted on this web site. You are encouraged to check our site regularly to review the current Privacy Policy in effect.