http://www.duihua.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy & Copyright Statement
The following statements disclose the information dissemination practices regarding donor and subscriber privacy and copyright for www.duihua.org. This website is created and managed solely by The Dui Hua Foundation.
Visitor & Subscriber Privacy
You can access all pages on the Dui Hua website without revealing your identity or any personal information. All material posted on our web site is intended for informational purposes only. Dui Hua may collect visitors’ non-personal identifiable information (such as IP address) to analyze our content performance using third party tools, such as but not limited to Google Analytics.
Other than name and contact information provided by you, Dui Hua does not collect other personal information, such as age or gender. Dui Hua will not sell any personal information you provide (such as your name or contact information), nor will it make available your information to any outside organization without your consent. We do not send mailings to our donors or subscribers on behalf of other organizations. You may always opt out of our mailing lists at any time if you do not wish to receive our messages.
Donor Privacy
When accepting donations, Dui Hua may request personal information, such as name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card number. While donor contact information and gift history are maintained in our secure database, Dui Hua does not store credit card or financial information. We utilize a secure third-party service provided by either PayPal or Blackbaud for all credit card transactions. We offer our donors the option of donating anonymously if they do not want their gift publicly recognized in any way.
Copyright
Content on this website that is the original work of Dui Hua, such as Dui Hua’s publications and analyses, is copyrighted and may not be used, resold, published, or distributed without prior written permission of Dui Hua.
Content on this website that is part of the public domain, such as articles or excerpts of articles previously published in publicly available newspapers or other publications, may be used according to the copyright and privacy practices of the original source. Dui Hua is not responsible for maintaining copyrights or privacy statements for such materials.
This site contains links to other websites. Dui Hua is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites.
If you have questions about this statement or this website, please contact us.