http://www.premierproductions.com/privacy
Home
Events
Blog
Search
COVID-Safe
Band Together
Volunteer
Privacy Policy
Home
Premier Privacy Policy
The Premier Productions, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates  (“Premier”) respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you enter a contest, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form. When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Like most website operators, we may collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use our website. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website
In select situations, we also may be required to collect personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, if you chose to provide us with your email address, it may be used by us or any of our affiliated companies (currently Premier Festivals, LLC, Premier Christian Cruises, Inc. and Camp Electric) to send you information and updates pertaining to Premier, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with our site. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Any information we collect from you, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other entity without your consent for any purpose other than delivery the requested product or service, or to notify you of new website features or product and service offerings.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.  We may use cookies on our site for the following purposes: to help us remember and process your purchases; to help us understand and save your preferences for future visits; to keep track of advertisements; to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.  We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.  These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. If you prefer, you may choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you may choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Business Transfers
If Premier, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of we, or our successor, may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
In order to comply with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-6508), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Ticket Policy
This/these ticket(s) has/have no cash value.
No refunds, no exchanges.  Event date and time subject to change.
In the event of a cancellation, the face value of each ticket (less any discounts and/or rebates) is wholly refundable to the original purchaser for a period of up to thirty (30) days, unless local statute states otherwise.  Any fees above and beyond the face value of each ticket are non-refundable. Complimentary tickets have no value.
Any individual attending an event by license of this/these ticket(s), hereby voluntarily assumes all risks incidental to the event for which the ticket is issued, including but not limited to, the risk of contracting a communicable disease as a direct or indirect result of the actions of his/herself and/or another individual.  For avoidance of doubt, the term “communicable disease shall include COVID-19.  Holder expressly releases the management, facility, event promoter, artists, contractors, and all their respective agents and employees from any claims arising as a result of attending said event.
Management reserves the right, without refund of any portion of the face value of this or any ticket, to deny entry to, or eject from, the event any individual deemed to be disorderly, or posing a risk to the general public.  Such assessment is at the sole discretion of the event management.
This, or any, ticket may be revoked at any time, and entry to event denied, upon full refund of the face value of said ticket, less ticketing fees, refunds and/or cash discounts.
Premier Productions and Platform Tickets are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
© Copyright 2020 Premier Productions
Premier Experience
Premier Festivals
Premier Foundation
Devvly
FAQs
About Us
Contact Us
Photo Galleries
Privacy Policy
Statement of Faith
Home
Events
Blog
Search
COVID-Safe
Band Together
Sign Up for Email Updates!X
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Zip code *
What Christian music is on your playlist? *
Pop/Rock
Worship
Southern Gospel
Hip Hop/Rap
Urban Gospel
I confirm that I am over 13 years old. *