https://www.4trademark.com/privacy/
Trademark Services Request Form
Privacy Policy
4TradeMark.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Secure Order Form: Our site’s secure order form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is only used to bill the user for products and services.
Links: This site contains links to other sites. 4TradeMark.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Security: This site uses a secure order form on a secure server as a security measure to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Newsletter choice/Opt-Out: Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving any future communications. To remove your E-mail information from our database so that you do not receive future communications click here: http://www.4trademark.com/newsletter.html
Correct/Update: For changing and modifying information previously provided please send an email by clicking here: http://www.4trademark.com/info-form.html
Our Log-Tracking Files: We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Contact Info: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Richard L. Morris, Jr., M.B.A., J.D.
Copyright 1996-2011 1-800-4-TRADEMARK, P.A.
Professional Trademark Protection Services
http://www.4trademark.com
Toll Free: 1-800-487-2336
Office: 305-673-6686 | Fax: 305-673-6872
E-mail: Richard@4TradeMark.com
Subscribe to our newsletter
Name*
First
Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
We Specialize in All Your Trademark Needs
Trademark SearchIt is important to conduct a trademark search before using a trademark or filing a trademark application.Learn More
Trademark ApplicationWe can assist you to file and prosecute a trademark application to protect your names, logos and slogans.Learn More
Trademark RenewalRegistered trademarks must be renewed periodically or they will be canceled by the USPTO. We can assist.Learn More