https://www.liveabout.com/tips-to-help-you-resolve-conflict-with-an-angry-ex-1102705
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Love and Romance
Divorce
Relationships
Sexuality
Teens
LGBTQ
Friendship
By
Cathy Meyer
University of Florida
Cathy Meyer is a certified divorce coach, marriage educator, freelance writer, and founding editor of DivorcedMoms.com. As a divorce mediator, she provides clients with strategies and resources that enable them to power through a time of adversity.
our editorial process
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Cathy Meyer
Updated March 25, 2018
Dealing with a difficult ex-spouse can be very discouraging, frustrating and defeating. If there are children involved, we feel it is our responsibility to try to have a healthy relationship with our ex-spouse. At times, your efforts may not be returned, hence the frustration.
Hopefully, the following tips will help you when dealing with an ex who doesn’t seem to want to deal.
01
of 07
Take Ownership of Your Part
B2M Productions/Photographer's Choice RF/Getty Images
Ex-spouses often feel justified in their anger. They may feel you need to change or they may not trust you and your desire to have a conflict free relationship. Any time you try to change anyone, even for the best of reasons you invite hostility as a response.
Learn to lower your expectations and to not try to change what you don’t have control over. The more you try and change your ex or the situation the more conflict you are going to deal with.
02
of 07
Whenever Possible, Find Common Ground
Tetra Images/Creative RF/Getty Images
This good business principle applies in parenting as well. Even if you disagree with the main point, find some common ground.
Be willing to give instead of standing your ground. You may no longer be married but the concept of give and take is still very important.
03
of 07
Stay on Topic in Conversation
Klaus Vedfelt/Getty Images
It isn’t unusual for conversation between ex-spouses to drift back to issues related to the marriage. Work at keeping your conversations on topic and don’t rehash history.
If your ex insists on engaging in conversation over old issues try and direct the conversation back to the topic at hand. If you are unable to do this, then excuse yourself from the conversation by walking away or hanging up the phone. Come back to the conversation in a few days and try again.
04
of 07
Maintain Respect
Blend Images/Getty Images
For your children’s sake, find ways of being respectful even if you honestly don’t respect your ex-spouses lifestyle or choices. Do not personally criticize them, but don’t make excuses for their behavior either.
05
of 07
Keep Your Meetings Impersonal
Image Source/Getty Images
Face-to-face meetings have the most potential for conflict. Use the phone when possible or even talk to their answering machine if personal communication leads arguments.
Use email when appropriate. Keep down your children’s level of stress by keeping them from being exposed to negative interaction between you and your ex.
06
of 07
Work at Forgiveness
Hero Images/Getty Images
Hurt feelings from the past are the number one reason you and your ex overreact with one another. Do your part by striving to forgive them for the offenses of the past and present. This will help you manage your emotions when dealing with them in the present. It also helps cut down on the degree of stress you will have during and after the divorce process.
07
of 07
Don't Allow Financial Issues to Control You
Paper Boat Creative/Getty Images
If you’ve been to court and either reached an agreement or a judge handed down a court order pertaining to financial issues. Live with it. Don’t let your unhappiness, after the fact, taint your relationship with your ex or your children.
If you came to an agreement with your ex-spouse, live up to that agreement. If you have a court order, follow that order. No amount of anger over financial agreements is worth contaminating your relationship with your ex or your children.
6 Tips for Co-Parenting After A High Conflict Divorce
12 Helpful Tips for Dealing With a High-Conflict Custody Dispute
7 Tips to Help Restore a Fractured Parent/Child Relationship
10 Reasons to Try Child Custody Mediation
How to Recognize a Toxic Ex Spouse
Tips to Find Someone New When You Are a Divorced Dad
How to Negotiate Your Own Divorce Settlement
How to Tell Your Kids About Your Divorce
How to Co-Parent With Your Ex's Ego
5 Examples of What Not To Do During a Legal Separation
What Is a High Conflict or "Malignant Divorce?"
10 Tips to Help You Get Over Your Divorce
10 Marital Problems That Cause Divorce
Beginners Guide to Gunnysacking
10 Co-parenting Styles ... With Tips to Fix What Isn't Working
Reasons for Conflicts With Adult Children