http://www.genhomepage.com/help
Discover your family history.
Quickly and simply search more than 11.6 billion photos, newspapers, and vital records to get information about your ancestors.
First nameLast name(Required)
CountryUnited States
United Kingdom
England
Wales
LocationAll States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
More options
Birth year
+/-
0
1
2
5
10
Death year
+/-
0
1
2
5
10
Find ancestors
Our Collections
We strive to bring you the very best set of records available online. From census and military records to yearbooks and newspapers, easily search more than 658 of the most essential collections with Archives.
Newest Collections
Arizona, Death Records, 1887-1960
Ohio, Births and Christenings Index, 1774-1973
North Carolina, Death Certificates, 1909-1976
Cook County, Illinois, Birth Certificates Index, 1871-1922
Massachusetts, Marriage Index, 1901-1955 and 1966-1970
Iowa, Marriage Records, 1880-1937
Massachusetts, Birth Index, 1860-1970
Massachusetts, Birth Records, 1840-1915
Texas, Select County Marriage Records, 1837-2015
Massachusetts, Marriage Records, 1840-1915
Featured Collection
Explore your history in Archives' exclusive collection of Family and Local History Books. Our digital library contains over 20,000 rare volumes, the vast majority of which are unavailable anywhere else online.
Partnering with The National Archives and Records Administration, Archives provides free digital access to the 1940 U.S. Federal Census.
As Seen In
The New York Times
family tree magazine
Tech Crunch
The Wall Street Journal
"Archives.com is making family history easy and affordable for the everyday person. The site offers a rich interface and access to an abundance of records, images, and stories about the past. I give Archives.com my highest recommendation."
- Henry Louis Gates Jr., Host of Faces of America on PBS
“Archives.com is an affordable solution for family historians (especially beginners) who want to learn more about their family history and connect with their past. It's clear from their rapid growth that the market was hungry for a low-priced product like this.”
- Ravinder Rao, CEO TribalPages.com
“The site allows you to search data bases and review collections. But, the special feature is the Expert Series. These articles can help genealogists in their research.”
- Char McCargo Bah, Professional Genealogist
“I am very excited about being a member of Archives. Having tried other genealogy sites in the past, I find it very user-friendly, where others were too complicated and less precise.”
- Rose Marie, New York
“[Archives.com] changed my whole perspective of who I am
and where I come from.”
- Linda, Florida
“Archives has really helped me ‘put the pieces together’
back to the 1800s.”
- Amy, Texas
“I have been searching for information on some of my husband's family. We couldn't determine if they were Creek or Cherokee. And last night I was looking and found the information I needed.”
- Sammie, Oklahoma
“I wanted to say HOW WONDERFUL THIS ARCHIVES IS with all its information provided and so well organized.. all your work is appreciated which makes my researching so much easier! Thanks to one and all.”
- R. Houston
“I'm over 70 and a widow. I have plenty of time but not much money. Archives was just what I needed to continue my family research.”
- Pam, Massachusetts
“I had been looking for my great grandmother for 8 months. Low and behold found her and her obit on Archives. What a joyful day that was. You are just great...keep up the excellent work.”
- D. Deniger
“For the first time I have found my family on a genealogy site.
It was so exciting! Thank you.”
- Nancy, Pennsylvania
Genealogy Resources
DNA Testing
Family Tree Guide
Family History
Free Genealogy Resources
Genealogy Records
Newspapers
Presidents
Trace Your Heritage
Vital Records
Find records now for free.
Start your free trial today to learn more about your ancestors using our powerful and intuitive search. Cancel any time, no strings attached.
Start free trial
Note: This site uses cookies to help manage and personalize your visits to
Archives.com.
By using the site, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn More.
Email(Required)
Forgot password?
Password(Required)
Loading...
« Sign in
Forgot your password? Please type your email address for instructions on how to reset your password.
EmailReset password