http://www.entwagon.com/celeb/privacy.html
Entwagon.com Privacy Policy
Entwagon.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is the information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
When you send one of our electronic greeting cards, the information you provide to us is used to customize your greeting with the names of the sender and recipient and to deliver an email notification to the recipient. The names and email addresses you provide for sending a greeting card or signing-up for newsletter are NOT compiled into any type of mailing list and will not be used for any type of email solicitation. Entwagon.com does not share the names and email addresses of users of its site with any other company.We share aggregate information (not individual data) with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to
monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
ContentAll of the content of the site including the pictures have been gathered from the internet or in any other way. Some photos are licensed from PRPHOTOS.COM. If the copyright owner of any of the pictures on this website has a problem with us having these pictures here, please email us with your objections to
with the words "Objections" in the subject field. and we will remove the content.Entwagon.com may also link to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how
they treat information about their users.
Third Party AdvertisingWe use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use CPX Interactive and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please
click here.
Third Party CookiesIn the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
If you have any questions concerning the privacy policies of Entwagon.com which are not covered in this statement, please send email with your questions to
with the words "Privacy Policy" in the subject field.
Back To Entwagon.com Home