http://www.catholicknights.org/privacy-policy
En Español
Call: 1-800-927-2547
Email
Catholic Financial Life Announces Leadership Succession Plan
Learn More
A Catholic Financial Life advisor can be a resource to help you and your family achieve your financial goals.
Find an Advisor
The Gift That Keeps Giving
Learn More
Nominate Your Favorite Catholic School Teacher Today!
2020-2021 Give Back Contest Details
2020 Advent Calendar
Sign Up
Caring for our brothers and sisters in need is something that we as a faith-based fraternal do all the time. And when a crisis strikes, we rise to the occasion.
This pandemic was no exception as associates, advisors, members, chapter leaders, Board Members and friends of Catholic Financial Life rallied in support of those on the front lines through our Love One Another Campaign.
Thanks to your generosity, more than $142,000 has been distributed to many local organizations such as first responders, food pantries and veterans organizations across the country. The following video represents your combined impact.
Many say that they haven’t purchased life insurance because…
"It’s complicated."
We make it easy!
"I'm too busy!"
We understand.
"It's too expensive."
It’s actually cheaper than you think!
Let us prove it!
Contact an advisor today.
Solutions For You
Protect the ones you love. We are here to help you protect your financial future and provide solutions that help you achieve your goals and meet your budget.
Learn More
My Membership
Join our family, 135,000 members strong, and become a part of something greater than yourself.
Learn More
Do you have a friend who you think would enjoy being a Catholic Financial Life Member? Introduce Us
About Us
Being around 152 years doesn’t happen by accident. We’re different by design. Intrigued?
Learn More
CFL's Response to COVID-19
A lot has recently changed in the world but Catholic Financial Life’s commitment to providing exceptional service to our members remains the same.
Read More
Tower Apartments
Offering spacious studio and one bedroom living spaces with expansive windows that give you excellent views of Milwaukee's skyline. Members are eligible for a one-time discount off your first month's rent.
Read More
Sunday Reflections
Catholic Financial Life is sponsoring the "Sunday Reflections," presented by the bishops of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, to help us through the spiritual dimension of this crisis.
Read More
No matter what tomorrow brings, Catholic Financial Life will be there for those you cherish most.
Contact Us Now
X
Name
Email
Comments/Questions
Security code
X
Ahora estas ingresando a un sitio web de idiomas mixtos. Algunas secciones no están traducidas al español y seguirán estando en inglés.
Gracias
Continuar