http://www.lemonlawspecialists.com/privacy-policy/
Free California Lemon Law Case Review - Call Now
1-888-395-3666
Call Now for a FREE Case Review
1-888-395-3666
Toggle navigation
Home
Do I Qualify?
California Lemon Law FAQ
About Our Law Firm
Lemon Law Fees
Resources
Recalls
TSB's
Lemon Law Blog
Do I Qualify?
Contact Us
For the protection of our staff and clients, we are working remotely at this time but are still here to help you with your needs.
It is not necessary to meet face to face.
All discussions regarding your vehicle can be handled over telephone and the necessary documents can be sent via email.
Please fill out a contact form or leave a message and we will get back to you shortly.
Thank you and stay safe.
Privacy Policy
Fill out the free case review form or call 1-888-395-3666.
We contact you after analyzing your Lemon Law case.
We demand the manufacturer buy back your vehicle and pay all or most of the attorney fees.
Fill out the free case review form or call 1-888-395-3666.
We contact you after analyzing your Lemon Law case.
We demand the manufacturer buy back your vehicle
Manufacturer pays all or most of the attorney fees
We have recovered millions of dollars in Lemon Law cases. Let us help you. Call 1-888-395-3666 for a free case review
Free Lemon Law Case Review
Choose Make
ACURA
ASTON MARTIN
AUDI
BENTLEY
BMW
BUELL
BUICK
CADILLAC
CHEVROLET
CHRYSLER
DODGE
FERRARI
FIAT
FORD
GMC
HARLEY-DAVIDSON
HONDA
HUMMER
HYUNDAI
INFINITI
ISUZU
JAGUAR
JEEP
KIA
LAMBORGHINI
LAND ROVER
LEXUS
LINCOLN
LOTUS
MASERATI
MAZDA
MERCEDES BENZ
MERCURY
MINI
MITSUBISHI
NISSAN
OLDSMOBILE
PLYMOUTH
PRIUS
PONTIAC
PORSCHE
RAM
RANGE ROVER
ROLLS-ROYCE
SAAB
SATURN
SCION
SUBARU
SUZUKI
TESLA
TOYOTA
VOLKSWAGEN
VOLVO
OTHER
Choose Year
20142015201620172018201920202021
Current Mileage
Less Than 50,000 Miles
Between 50,000 & 100,000 Miles
Over 100,000 Miles
Purchased or Leased in California?
No
Yes
Review My Vehicle
Your information will never be shared with anyone.
Disclosure
"The information on this website is for general information purposes only.
Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation.
This information is not intended to create, and does not constitute an attorney-client relationship."
Privacy Policy
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Law Offices Of Barry L. Edzant, may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our website, www.calemonlaw.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Links
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (661) 679-5325 or via mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 28470 Ave Stanford, Suite 360, Valencia, CA 91355.
Do not look anywhere else, they had my nightmare of vehicle bought back in no time! They also assisted my mother with her lemon.
Barry and his office took care of our Lemon Law case with Subaru. They handled it professionally and responded to our calls and requests with great patience and promptly. I'll use their office again if I need to, and I cannot recommend them enough.
I purchased a used vehicle for my son and after the sale, learned that the vehicle was under a serious recall and shouldn't be driven. The dealership refused to take it back. I contacted several lemon law and dealership fraud attorneys, only to be turned away. The case was difficult and was told they couldn't help. I then contacted Barry Edzant in Valencia who took my case. Within two or three months, Barry had gotten me all of my money back on the car, plus some, and it was out of my life. Barry was professional, competent, and efficient. I'm happy to recommend him to my clients as well as my colleagues.
Barry is a true professional. When it comes to personal injury and lemon law cases, he is a master. He has a ton of experience in his field. If you are looking for someone who advocate for you and get what is fair he is definitely your guy.
Barry and his staff did a fantastic job with my case. I highly recommend Barry to handle your case, I would not hesitate to use his firm again if needed. Barry and his staff are true professionals that take the time to walk you through all aspects of the case from start to finish.
I would recommend Barry and his team to all my friends and family. Him and his team did an amazing job and he is truly a professional at what he does. He takes his time to listen to you and to answer any questions you may have. He gets back to you within a reasonable time when contacting him.
I called a few Lawyers about my Lemon. Barry was the only lawyer to actually take my call personally and spend the time with me to make sure I understood everything. I am so grateful for him and for Clare. They worked so hard and fast to get me everything I wanted! They were never impatient with me (and I called a lot!). Thank you both so much!
Called him in need ... he went above and beyond in listening to me and providing me with clear information... I'm grateful I called him and will most definitely use him services with my case and will refer others I know to him. I wish all lawyers were as helpful as him.
There is nobody better than Barry for a lemon law case. Our van kept on stalling, and the dealer couldn't figure out what was wrong with it. I turned to Barry to see if there was anything that could be done, and he got us a fantastic result. He was open and honest about everything that we could expect, he always returned phone calls and emails, and he made the whole process very easy for us. I would happily recommend Barry to anyone who thinks they might have a lemon.
Previous
Next
Read More Testimonials
End frustration, all or most of the attorney fees are paid for by the manufacturer.
We will evaluate your case for free, tell you how much you may be entitled to get back.
Fill out our form OR Call 1-888-395-3666
Privacy
California Lemon Law
Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
2001 - 2020 ©
All rights reserved.
Contact
1-888-395-3666
Law Office of Barry L. Edzant
28470 Ave Stanford
Suite 360
Valencia, CA 91355
Important
Click here for Takata Airbag Lookup - Check if your vehicle has these dangerous airbags installed.