https://www.roundtablegroup.com/privacy/
Round Table Group is Back!
BECOME AN EXPERT WITNESS
EXPERT WITNESS LOGIN
Services For Litigators & Legal Professionals
Expert Witness Finding Services
How It Works
Expert Background Reports
Practice Areas
Browse Some of Our Experts
Exclusive Experts
Request an Expert Witness
For Experts
Become an Expert Witness
Update Your Profile
About Us
About Us
Our Team
News
Around the Table Blog
Contact Us
Request An Expert
Type something...
Toggle navigation
NAVIGATION
Services For Litigators & Legal Professionals +
Expert Witness Finding Services
Expert Background Reports
How it works
Practice Areas
Browse Some of Our Experts
Exclusive Experts
Request an Expert Witness
For Experts +
Become an expert witness
Update Your Profile
About Us +
News
About Us
Contact Us
Around the Table
Request An Expert
CONTACT US
Home > Privacy
ROUND TABLE GROUP PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: January 14, 2019   Last Updated July 15, 2019
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how United Expert Holdings, LLC d/b/a Round Table Group (“RTG,” “we,” or “us”) treat personal information on our websites and platforms where the Policy is located (the “Platform”).
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
RTG collects information from you and about you. Here are some examples of the information we may collect:
Contact Information. For example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. We may also collect your mobile phone number.
Information You Post. We may collect information you post in a public space on our Platform, such as your curriculum vitae or experience.
Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. We may also collect your social media profile information and information posted on your page.
Education and Employment Information. We may collect your educational and employment history. We may also collect your curriculum vitae, scholarly articles, and expert experience.
Information You Submit. We may collect information when you send us a message through the “Contact Us” page or similar features on our Platform. We also collect any information you choose to upload to your profile in the Platform.
Demographic Information. We may collect your birthdate, age, gender and zip code. We may also collect information that could identify you and relates to your hobbies or interests.
Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Platform. We may also collect your device identifier, IP address or mobile operating system.
Location Information. For example, we may collect location information from your device when you use our Platform. For more information about your options related to the collection of your location information, see the Choices section below.
Other Information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
RTG collects your information in different ways. Below are some examples of how we may collect your information.
Directly From You. For example, when you:
Upload information to your account.
Ask to become an expert witness.
Sign up to receive communications from us.
Submit a request to our support team.
Interact with TREWS social media pages.
Passively. For example, when you:
Visit and navigate our Platform on any device.
Click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements.
We may also collect information about users over time and across different websites and devices when you use the Platform. Third parties also collect personal information this way on our Platform.
From Third Parties. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:
Our business partners, including online advertising networks, analytics vendors, and companies that co-sponsor our promotions.
Social media sites, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, Snapchat, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Third-party sites that publicly post information about you. For example, this could include an educational institution or your employer publicly posting your resume or experience as an expert. This may also include other websites or job posting boards where your resume or information is posted.
Referrals, friends and others who provide your information to us because they think you may be interested in our services or they want to share a service with you.
Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including data aggregators. Certain third parties might link your name or email address to other information they have collected. That might include past purchases made offline or online. It might also include online usage information.
By Combining Information. For example, we may:
Combine information that we collect offline with information we collect through our Platform.
Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Platform.
Combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Examples of how we may use your information include:
To Provide Our Services. This could include fulfilling our clients’ requests for experts with certain education or experience. It also includes matching you with appropriate clients. We also use your information to find appropriate instructor, advisor, consulting, or expert engagements for you.
To Improve Our Services. We may use your information to make our Platform and services better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us. We may also ask you to participate in surveys or to provide us with input and feedback on our products and services.
To Understand Your Interests. For example, we may use your information to better understand how you use our services, or what types of opportunities interest you.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your feedback.
To Communicate With You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Policy or our Platform terms and conditions.
To Determine Your Eligibility. We may use your information to verify your identity or determine your eligibility for some of our services. For example, this may include verifying your age, date of birth and state of residence. We may also use your information to determine your suitability for certain opportunities with our clients.
For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about new and special offers. For example, we may use your information to reach out to you if we have an employment opportunity we think you may be interested in. We might use your information to serve you ads about our services. We might tell you about new features or updates. We may also use your information to send you electronic communications, including through email, phone, or text message. We and our partners may engage in interest-based advertising using information gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and experts and clients who use our services. It may also include protecting our Platform.
As Otherwise Permitted By Law or As We May Notify You.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information in the following ways:
Internally. We may share your information within our company.
On Our Platform. For example, we may display information you post on public portions of the Platform.
With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf or help us run our Platform.
With Our Business Partners and Clients. For example, this may include clients who are interested in retaining your services. We may also share information with data aggregators, advertisers, media buying agencies, advertising networks and advertising service providers.
With Third Parties for Marketing Purposes. This may include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising.
With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business or One of Our Brands. For example, if TREWS merges with, acquires or is acquired, or sells a brand or part of its business to another business entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control. This may also include selling databases that contain your information as a standalone asset.
To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. This could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. We may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner’s list.
For Other Reasons We May Describe to You.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
The Platform where this Policy is located is meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us with information, please contact us at info@roundtablegroup.com. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this website Policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices about how we use your information. Certain choices you make are browser and device specific.
Marketing Communications:
You can opt out of receiving our marketing communications. Note that you will still receive transactional messages from us, including information about your account and responses to your inquiries. If you wish to opt out of our marketing communications, you can follow the instructions contained in our communications. You may also contact us using the information listed below in the How to Contact Us section.
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies:
For information on how you can control tracking tools on our Platform, as well as our Do Not Track policy, you can visit our About Ads policy.
YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a Nevada resident, you may be able to request that we not sell your information. If you would like to request that we do not share your information as described in the How We Share Your Information section, please send us an email at info@roundtablegroup.com. We try to respond to all such requests within 60 days. We may take steps to verify your identity prior to processing your request. Please note that if you make such a request, we may be unable to fully provide our products and services to you.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at info@roundtablegroup.com or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a “California Shine the Light” inquiry.
SECURITY
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Platform will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control.
A user id and a password are needed to access certain areas of the RTG Platform. It is your responsibility to protect your username and password.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Information we maintain may be stored in or outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This Platform is intended for use in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.
LINKS
Our Platform may contain links to other third party sites that are not governed by this Policy. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy, or wish to update your information, please feel free to contact us at info@roundtablegroup.com or by telephone at 1-888-784-3978. You may also write to us at the following address:
United Expert Holdings, LLC
1629 K Street, NW, Suite 300
Washington DC 20006
Re: Privacy Policy
CHANGES IN POLICY
From time to time, we may change our Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our Platform. Please check our Platform periodically for updates.
Privacy
Terms of Use
Copyright
Sitemap