https://www.alliancenet.org/privacy-policy
Alliance of Confessing EvangelicalsWhat is the Alliance
Cambridge Declaration
How to Join the Alliance
Alliance Member Churches
Reformation Societies
Who Are the Alliance Contributors
SitesPlace for Truth
reformation21
reforma21
BroadcastsThe Bible Study Hour
Dr. Barnhouse & the Bible
Every Last Word
Mortification of Spin
Theology on the Go
Where to Listen
DevotionalsBlogging The Institutes
Matthew Henry
Reading with M’Cheyne
Think and Act Biblically
Through the Westminster Confession
EventsPhiladelphia Conference on Reformed Theology
B.B. Warfield Memorial Lecture
Blue Ridge Institute for Theological Education
Quakertown Conference on Reformed Theology
Reformed Events
ResourcesAlliance Apps
International Council on Biblical Inerrancy
Reformed Resources
Donate
Skip to Main Content Area
Home
About
Events
Broadcasts
Support
Join
Donate
Beta
Home
Privacy Policy
The Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals is concerned about the privacy and security of any and all data, be that of readers, visitors, listeners, respondents, donors, and/or members. This privacy policy details how we treat your personal information, including but not limited to addresses, phone numbers, or email addresses.
What information does the Alliance collect?All personal data we collect is limited to the information you provide when you subscribe, register, donate, or make a purchase. We do not store your credit card information. This applies to both online and offline transactions and donations.
Is my information secure?Any personal information obtained through event registration, online purchases, e-mail/newsletter requests is transmitted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard for sending encrypted information. Credit card information for online donations is transmitted securely via SSL through our gift/credit card processor’s PCI compliant network. We use a secure server to store your personal information and all data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. We do not store your credit card information.
Does the Alliance share personal information with outside parties?At no time will the Alliance rent, sell, or distribute your personal information to third parties.
How can I remove my name from the Alliance’s direct mail or email list?We honor all requests to be removed from our mailing lists.
To have your email address removed from our list of addresses that receive information about Alliance resources, events, and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email you've received from us and follow the simple instructions.
You may remove your personal information from our direct mail list by calling member services at 215-546-3696 or emailing us at alliance@alliancenet.org. Or you may contact us in writing at Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals, 600C Eden Road, Lancaster, PA 17601.
Personal ConsentYou agree that upon using any of the Alliance sites that this privacy policy is part of the terms of service and use. The Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals reserves the right to change the privacy policy at any time and will note all changes on this page.
The Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals is member supported and operates only by your faithful support. Thank you.
THINK AND ACT BIBLICALLY
Friday: The Gifts of Faith
PLACE FOR TRUTH
Calvin and Piety
Reformation 21
7 Features of Peter’s Preaching
Join the Alliance
SEARCH THE ALLIANCE
Search the Alliance:
600 Eden RoadLancaster, PA 17601
215-546-3696
alliance@alliancenet.org
Canadian Donors:Canadian Committee of The Bible Study HourPO Box 24087, RPO JosephineNorth Bay, ON, P1B 0C7
The Alliance is a coalition of pastors, scholars, and churchmen who hold the historic creeds and confessions of the Reformed faith and who proclaim biblical doctrine in order to foster a Reformed awakening in today's Church.About the AlliancePrivacy PolicyFAQCalendar© 2020 Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals, Inc.All rights reserved
Follow us