http://www.christmas-graphics.com/privacy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Statement for
Christmas-Graphics.com
Christmas-Graphics.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Christmas-Graphics.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We may also make general statements to our advertising partners about the nationalities of our visitors based on their IP blocks. We never share specific IP details with any third-party.
Third Party Advertising
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org .
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We do not otherwise employ cookies to track your movement through the site. The only use is in relation to reducing repeat exposure to the same advertisements.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Such sites are out of our control.
Christmas-Graphics.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Generated by Privacy Wizard
Christmas Graphics Home |
| Links
This website is proudly powered by the team at Curiosity Cave. © 2000-2020 Curiosity Cave Pty Ltd