http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1996/01.96
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
January 1996
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny,
Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Michael S. Ryan,
Esq., New York; Mark N. Sperber, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams,
Esq., Boston; Robin Miller, Esq., Seattle.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118.
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
(C) 1996 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$60)
FEDERAL APPEALS COURT RULES THAT SAME-SEX RELATIONSHIPS ARE
PROTECTED BY CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT OF INTIMATE ASSOCIATION
In an historic ruling on an appeal by Robin Joy Shahar from a lower
court decision that dismissed her lawsuit against Georgia Attorney
General Michael J. Bowers, a panel of the Eleventh Circuit Court of
Appeals held on Dec. 20 in Shahar v. Bowers, 1995 WL 713127, that
Shahar's relationship with her partner, Francine Shahar, is
protected constitutional rights of intimate and expressive
association.
This is the first federal appellate level decision to
find constitutional protection for gay relationships. But Bowers
has petitioned for a rehearing before all the judges of the
Eleventh Circuit, so the battle is far from over.
The American Civil Liberties Union represents Shahar in the
case.
Ruth Harlow of the ACLU national office argued the appeal,
with assistance from Debra Schwartz of Atlanta and Bill Rubenstein,
formerly the director of the ACLU's Lesbian and Gay Rights Project
and now a visiting professor at Stanford Law School.
The Georgia
Attorney General's Office was represented by Dorothy Kirkley from
the Atlanta office of the law firm Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue.
Shahar, who had worked as a summer clerk for the Georgia Law
Department, was offered (and accepted) a job there upon graduation
from Emory Law School in 1991, where she ranked sixth in her
graduating class and was an editor on the law review.
But when
Bowers learned that Shahar planned to have a marriage ceremony with
her partner, he withdrew the job, writing her that he was taking
action because of Shahar's planned marriage.
"As the chief legal
officer of this state, inaction on my part would constitute tacit
approval of this purported marriage and jeopardize the proper
function of this office," wrote Bowers.
(This is the Michael
Bowers of Bowers v. Hardwick, the infamous case in which the U.S.
Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the Georgia felony
sodomy law in 1986.)
Shahar went ahead with her ceremony, which was performed by Rabbi
Sharon Kleinbaum, now the rabbi at New York City's Congregation
Beth Simchat Torah.
Then she filed a federal lawsuit, claiming
that Bowers' action violated her constitutional rights to freedom
of association, free exercise of religion, and equal protection of
the laws.
While the lawsuit was pending, Shahar obtained a job as
a lawyer for the City of Atlanta.
Responding to a motion by Bowers for summary judgment, District
Judge Richard C. Freeman found that Bowers' action did burdened
Shahar's constitutional rights, but reviewed the action using the
Pickering "balancing test" devised by the Supreme Court for cases
in which government employers take action against employees because
the employees have exercised their right to freedom of speech on
controversial issues.
836 F.Supp. 859 (N.D.Ga. 1993).
Under this
test, the court weighs the employee's free speech interest against
the employer's interest in the effective operation of its
department.
Freeman accepted Bowers' argument that because Georgia
does not authorize same sex marriages and subjects homosexual acts
to criminal prosecution, Bowers' concerns about the reputation of
his office and possible disruption were Shahar to be employed
outweighed her interest in freedom of association and religious
practice.
All three 11th Circuit judges agreed with Freeman that Bowers'
action burdened Shahar's constitutional rights.
In an opinion for
himself and Judge Lewis R. Morgan, Judge John C. Godbold reviewed
the facts about the Shahars' marriage (both women changed their
former surnames to Shahar as part of the marriage process),
discussing in detail their membership in Atlanta's lesbian and gay
synagogue, which is affiliated with the Reconstructionist Movement
of American Judaism, the role Judaism played in their lives, the
standards imposed by Rabbi Kleinbaum in agreeing to perform their
ceremony, and the details of the ceremony itself.
Godbold concluded that the "evidence demonstrates without dispute
that same-sex marriage is accepted within the Reconstructionist
Movement of Judaism, that Shahar and her partner
are committed to that belief, and that, in keeping with their
Jewish principles, they carefully and thoughtfully prepared for
marriage. . .
The intimate relationship between Shahar and her
partner whom she planned to marry did not involve marriage in a
civil, legal sense but it was inextricably entwined with Shahar's
exercise of her religious beliefs.
The court holds that the
district court did not err in defining that intimate relationship
as constitutionally protected." But Godbold and Morgan disagreed
with how Freeman had proceeded from there.
They found that the
balancing test was not appropriate for this case, arguing that
because a fundamental constitutional right of association was
involved, the Attorney General should be required to show that he
has a compelling interest in refusing to employ Shahar.
The
compelling interest test is the most demanding level of judicial
review of a government policy or decision; such strict scrutiny
usually means that the government policy will be held invalid.
They voted to return the case to the district court for a trial and
determination of whether Bowers could meet the test.
Judge Phyllis A. Kravitch disagreed that the compelling interest
test should be used.
In her view, since this was a government
employment case, the Supreme Court's somewhat more deferential
balancing test was appropriate.
However, she felt that Freeman had
misjudged the relative weight of Shahar's and Bowers' interests.
Kravitch found that Shahar's right was "close to the core of the
constitutional right to intimate association," and thus
weighed quite heavily.
By contrast, she found that Bowers'
concerns about disruption of his office or compromising of the
office's standing with the public were less significant.
"Although
the unique status of Bowers' office makes this a
close case," she wrote, "I conclude that Shahar's constitutional
interest in pursuing her intimate association outweighs any threat
to the efficient operation of the Georgia Department of Law."
Instead of ordering a new trial, Kravitch would have granted
summary judgment to Shahar and ordered Bowers to hire her.
The judges also differed over Shahar's religious freedom and equal
protection claims.
Godbold found that these claims were also
entitled to a compelling interest standard, but in this he was
alone.
Morgan and Kravitch agreed with the trial court's finding
that Shahar did not suffer discrimination because of her sexual
orientation, as such, and thus had not stated a valid claim under
the equal protection clause.
(The trial judge had drawn a
distinction between status and conduct.
Bowers claimed he did not
discriminate based on sexual orientation but could not employ a
lawyer who was participating in a same-sex marriage.
The trial
judge had accepted this argument at face value.)
Morgan stated without explanation that he disagreed with Godbold's
analysis of the religious freedom claim.
Judge Kravitch took the
position that it was unnecessary to address the religious freedom
claim, because, in her view, summary judgment should be granted in
Shahar's favor on her freedom of association claims.
The three
judges on this panel were all appointed by liberal Democratic
presidents -- Godbold and Morgan by Lyndon Baines Johnson, and
Kravitch by Jimmy Carter.
Most of the judges on the full Eleventh
Circuit were appointed by Ronald Reagan and George Bush, so it is
hard to be totally optimistic about the outcome in a reargument
before the entire panel.
Nonetheless, the decision marks an
important milestone in the battle for equality by the lesbian and
gay community.
A.S.L.
FEDERAL APPEALS COURT LIMITS PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR PRISONERS WITH AIDS
Following a lengthy analysis of federal constitutional privacy
concepts, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit concluded
that state prison officials are immune from suit by an inmate whose
HIV-status was allegedly revealed by a prison guard to other guards
and inmates.
In an opinion by Chief Judge Richard Posner, the
court partially reversed a ruling by the district court that had
rejected a summary judgment motion from the defendants in Anderson
v. Romero, 1995 WL 744033 (Dec. 15).
State prison inmate Dennis Anderson was diagnosed as HIV+ while
confined at Stateville Penitentiary.
Upon his transfer to Joliet,
Anderson claimed that Romero, the superintendent of his cell house,
told a prison guard, Douglas, that Anderson was HIV+.
Anderson
alleged that Douglas then spread word about Anderson's HIV-status
to other guards and inmates, denied him haircut and exercise
privileges, and made homophobic and AIDS-phobic comments to him.
Anderson sued for damages under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983; he has since
died from AIDS and his estate has pursued the claim.
The district
judge refused to dismiss the claim on summary judgment, holding
that further factual inquiry was necessary to rule on the
defendants' qualified immunity claims.
The defendants appealed.
Posner observed that the court of appeals was precluded from ruling
on any questions as to which further factual determination was
necessary.
But he found that several aspects of the claim could be
disposed of through summary judgment, in light of the aspect of the
qualified immunity doctrine that requires recognition of immunity
when a constitutional right was not sufficient established at the
time of an incident for it to be held that a public official should
be charged with knowledge that his/her action was in violation of
a constitutional right.
The incidents detailed in Anderson's complaint allegedly occurred
in 1992.
Posner concluded that as of 1992 it could not be said
that there was a well-established constitutional right of privacy
with respect to a prisoner's HIV-status.
Going further, the court
then held that there is no such right.
Posner started from the
premise that there might be a generalized right of privacy in
medical records, but that information about a communicable disease,
such as AIDS, presented different particular issues compelling a
finding of no privacy protection.
"Neither in 1992 nor today was
(is) the law clearly established that a prison cannot without
violating the constitutional rights of its HIV-positive inmates
reveal their condition to other inmates and to guards in order to
enable those other inmates and those guards to protect themselves
from infection," he argued.
While acknowledging arguments advanced
in an amicus brief by Lambda Legal Defense Fund that the best
policy to prevent HIV transmission is a "universal precautions"
approach rather than publicizing the HIV status of those
individuals as to whom it is known, Posner insisted: "Whether the
same approach would be adequate in the prison setting may be
doubted."
He noted that the 7th Circuit previously held that a
prison violated the 8th Amendment by failing to take steps to
protect an inmate from being raped by an HIV+ fellow inmate;
publicizing the HIV-status of an inmate could be part of a prison's
duty to protect other inmates, he suggested.
"Among the alternatives to universal precautions as methods of
limiting the spread of AIDS in prison are the segregation of HIV-
positive prisoners from the rest of the prison population and the
ad hoc warning of endangered inmates or staff.
The first
alternative has been held to be constitutional against the argument
that it results in disclosing the identity of the HIV-positive
inmates to the rest of the prison community. . . The second is
illustrated by this case.
Unless the unconstitutionality of the
second alternative was clearly established in 1992, Anderson's
estate cannot prevail," Posner said.
After noting that some
district court decisions had indeed recognized such a right, Posner
asserted that district court decisions do not constitute precedent;
only appellate rulings could serve to establish a constitutional
right, he argued.
He also rejected the argument that the Illinois
AIDS Confidentiality Act was relevant to whether Anderson had a
privacy right, contending that the prison's duty to protect other
inmates was derived from the 8th Amendment and thus overrode any
state statutory right of Anderson.
"Now the issue is before us and
we hold that warnings to endangered inmates or staff do not violate
the Constitution just because they are ad hoc," he concluded.
On the other hand, Posner found, to the extent that Anderson's
allegations suggested that he was "punished" due to his HIV status,
there might be a viable sec. 1983 claim.
Focusing on the denial of
haircuts and regular yard exercise, Posner commented, "Although
this is the first appellate case in which these specific modalities
of punishing HIV carriers have been alleged, it has long been clear
that the 8th Amendment forbids the state to punish people for a
physical condition, as distinct from acts, . . . and that the equal
protection clause forbids the state to treat one group, including
a group of prison inmates, arbitrarily worse than another. . .
Anderson's HIV status may not have been the only reason for
refusing him a haircut and exercise and there may have been some
justification for these measures of which we are not at present
aware, but the facts are not sufficiently developed to enable
either conclusion to be drawn.
We therefore do not have
jurisdiction to review the district court's denial of immunity with
respect to this part of the complaint."
Posner also noted that the
court's decision was not suggesting that all state prisoners have
a federal constitutional right to have haircuts; rather, he noted
that there is an Illinois statute expressly giving inmates an
entitlement to haircuts, so an arbitrary denial of the entitlement
would create an issue of constitutional dimensions. A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Wyoming Supreme Court, Louisiana Appeals Court Reject Appeals by
Lesbian Mothers
Appellate decisions in Wyoming and Louisiana have both accepted the
argument that a child's "exposure" to his or her biological
mother's "lesbian relationship" is not in the best interest of the
child.
In neither case did the court's opinion reflect any
consideration of social science research that effectively
discredits this argument.
In both cases, the decisions left in
place restrictive visitation conditions that had been ordered by
lower courts.
Ironically, yet another study published in the
American Journal of Orthopsychiatry just days after the decisions
were issued concludes (yet again) that children raised by lesbian
parents were on balance no different from children raised by
heterosexual parents in terms of psychological adjustment or
disturbance.
The first opinion was issued Dec. 15 by the Louisiana Court of
Appeals, First Circuit.
Rowan v. Scott, 1995 WL 743579.
Robin
Rowan and James Scott were married in 1982 in Canada, then moved to
Louisiana six weeks later, when Robin met Karri Martin while
attending a Bible school.
They had two children, sons born in 1984
and 1987.
Karri and her husband were having difficulty conceiving
a child, so Jim and Robin offered to do so for them; their third
child was given to the Martins for adoption.
Robin and Jim
separated in 1991 and Robin filed a divorce proceeding in 1992.
A
joint custody agreement was worked out, with Robin as primary
custodian, and she moved with the boys back to Canada to be near
her parents.
The parties agreed that neither would engage in non-
marital activity while their children were in the house.
Karri and
her husband, who in the interim had been living in Africa, divorced
and Karri moved back to Louisiana.
Robin notified Jim that she was
moving back to Louisiana to live with Karri.
Jim then petitioned
for custody of the boys.
The trial judge found that Robin's
decision to co-habitate with Karri had precipitated the action and
that it was in the best interest of the children to make Jim the
primary custodian within the context of joint custody.
The court of appeals affirmed in an opinion by Judge Gonzales over
the dissent of Chief Judge Lottinger.
Gonzales wrote that "we find
that Robin's decision to live with the children and her lesbian
lover in the same residence was a change of circumstances which
materially affects the welfare of the minor children."
The record
showed that Robin and Karri showed physical affection for each
other in the presence of the children, but Robin testified that
they did not engage in sexual activity while the children were in
the house.
Jim had presented testimony by an "expert" witness, a
clinical psychologist named Robert Snyder, who stated his opinion
that exposing the children to Robin and Karri's relationship would
be emotionally disturbing for them, and that Robin's decision to
enroll them in a non-denominational Christian religious school
would cause a "conflictual situation" because of the discordance
between the lessons the children would receive and the example of
their home.
Dr. Snyder testified that Jim was the better parent
without having ever met or examined Robin.
Jim, by the way, had a
girlfriend and did engage in sexual activity with her while the
children were in the house.
After going to great lengths to argue that the court was not basing
its decision on Robin's sexual orientation, but rather on her
decision to expose her children to her relationship with Karri,
Gonzalez concluded: "It is the opinion of this court that under
such facts, primary custody with the homosexual parent would rarely
be held to be in the best interests of the child."
Dissenting,
Chief Judge Lottinger asserted: "Because there is no evidence in
the record to suggest that the boys are aware of and adversely
affected by their mother's unconventional lifestyle or the sexual
nature of her relationship with Ms. Martin, I am forced to conclude
that Mr. Scott has failed to show that a change of custody in his
favor would be in the best interest of the children at this time.
I am of the opinion that the trial judge's decision was manifestly
erroneous.
Dr. Snyder did offer his opinions as to the boys' best
interest, but I note that he did not evaluate Ms. Scott, nor did he
relate any specific instances where external conflicts have
intruded upon and affected the boys' life with their mother.
While
I express grave concerns as to Ms. Scott's ability to shield her
children in the future form negative criticism of her chosen
lifestyle, I cannot and will not allow such fears to dictate my
decision in this case."
In some ways similar, the decision by the Wyoming Supreme Court in
Hertzler v. Hertzler, 1995 WL 744037 (Dec. 18), is even more
egregious because, while agreeing that the trial court was biased
and the non-gay parent's "expert" witness was not credible, a
majority of the court nonetheless affirmed the lower court's
decision by indulging a presumption that children need to be
protected from a lesbian parent.
This case had become something of
a cause celebre, with amicus briefs on file from Lambda Legal
Defense, the National Center for Lesbian Rights, the ACLU, the
American Psychological Association and Wyoming Psychological
Association, and United Gays and Lesbians of Wyoming.
Dean and Pamela Hertzler married in 1976 and subsequently adopted
two children, a boy and a girl, when they were unable to conceive
children.
Two weeks after the second adoption became final, Pamela
took the children and left Dean, filing for divorce.
Pamela was
given primary custody, "expressly conditioned upon her disavowal of
lesbianism and subject to his liberal visitation rights."
Less
than a year later, Pamela's parents notified Dean that their
daughter was a lesbian.
Pamela quickly consented to give Dean
primary custody subject to her liberal visitation rights.
By that
time, Pamela was living with a lover and had moved to Ohio.
Shortly thereafter, Dean married Christine, a fundamentalist
Christian he met through a match-making service.
She made it her
business to make the two children fundamentalist Christians and to
turn them against their lesbian mother.
Pamela and her lover were
open about their relationship with the children during visitation;
when the children returned to the father's home, they were
subjected to searching interrogation by their step-mother.
A
majority of the court concluded that all the parents bore some
fault as "protagonists of antithetical lifestyles."
Both parties presented expert witnesses.
The trial court found
Pamela's expert not credible and placed great reliance on Dean's
expert.
The Supreme Court concluded that Dean's expert's
"categorical bias against homosexuality, compounded by truncated
professional experience, necessarily relegate his views to the
dubious stature reserved by the district court for the opinions of
Pamela's experts."
Nonetheless, the majority concluded that there
remained substantial evidence on the record supporting the trial
court's decision to narrowly restrict Pamela's visitation rights.
While finding that the district court "indulged an essentially
personal viewpoint in derogation of Pamela's lifestyle."
Given
this, it is surprising to read in Justice Taylor's opinion that
"there cannot be found, in the district court's improvident
expression of personal views on homosexuality, indices of malice or
prejudice sufficient to cast doubt upon that court's capacity to
remain `open to the conviction which evidence might produce.'"
Taylor insisted that the restrictions imposed by the district court
were in the best interest of the children, and blasted both
parties, chiding Dean and Christine for trying to impose Christian
fundamentalist views and chiding Pamela for trying to impose gay
liberationist views on the children.
"It was reasonable for the
district court to conclude that limiting Pamela's visitation with
the children would limit the damage done by mutual parental
insistence upon use of the children as weapons in an acrimonious
contest between lifestyles.
Although we cannot condone the
district court's indulgence of a personal viewpoint, we likewise
cannot reverse a discretionary decision which is reasonable and
benefits from substantial support in the record."
Taylor noted
that the district court had eased some of the restrictions on
visitation subsequent to issuing its initial order in the case.
Chief Justice Golden dissented in an opinion joined by Justice
Guthrie, saying, "the majority concludes that the district court
erred in basing its decision to restrict the mother's visitation on
the mother's lifestyle.
I agree with that majority conclusion; I
would go further, however, and hold that the district court's
expression of personal views on this subject casts sufficient doubt
upon that court's capacity to remain `open to the conviction which
the evidence might produce' that the district court's decision must
be reversed and this matter remanded for a new trial presided over
by a judge who does not hold such views."
Golden pointed out that
Dean's expert witness, upon whom the district court heavily relied,
"was not qualified and, moreover, his categorical bias rendered his
testimony worthless.
Similarly, the categorical bias of the father
and Christine rendered their testimony worthless.
Without the
testimony of these witnesses, the father's case fails."
Contrary
to the majority, which saw both parents at fault, Golden saw fault
only on the father's side.
"The record quite clearly reveals that
the father and Christine worked long and hard at alienating these
children from their mother.
They should have been held in contempt
for what they have done; instead, they are, despite the spin placed
on it by the majority, rewarded for their outrageous behavior."
Golden's criticism of the court becomes quite heated: "I find it a
strange and unacceptable rule of law that the majority invokes to
`limit the damage done by mutual parental insistence upon use of
the children as weapons in an acrimonious contest between
lifestyles.' In nearly every custody/visitation case this court
hears the father and mother have engaged in an acrimonious contest.
But the court abandons its responsibility for reasoned and informed
decision-making when it arbitrarily without reason chooses one side
over the other simply to put a stop to the battle.
In the
majority's rush to end the battle, in the name of serving the
children's best interests, it has forgotten one of the most
important interests these children have: to know their mother and
develop a loving and caring relationship with her."
Justice Golden
then quoted at length from Pamela's expert's testimony, showing
that the restrictions imposed by the court would severely interfere
with the development of such a relationship, and concluded, "Enough
said."
A.S.L.
Lambda Files Cert. Petition in Anti-Gay Employment Contract Case
On Dec. 7, Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund filed a petition
for a writ of certiorari in the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking to
overturn lower court decisions that hold a gay
accountant liable
for more than $100,000 because of his sexual
orientation.
Miller
v. DeMuth, No. 95-895, decision below: 665 A.2d 469 Pa. 1995).
In 1985, the Respondent, Donald DeMuth, hired the Petitioner,
Daniel Miller, a Certified Public Accountant, to work full time for
his management consulting firm.
The employment contract provided,
in relevant part, that homosexuality would be cause for termination
and, if Miller were terminated for cause and then started a
competing firm, he would be required to pay DeMuth a substantial
penalty.
The contract was renewed every year through 1989 or 1990,
after which time Miller continued working for DeMuth while
negotiating a new contract.
Following a spate of gay-bashings in
his hometown, Miller attended a demonstration protesting the
violence; in TV coverage of the event, Miller appeared above the
caption "Gay Activist."
DeMuth then fired Miller for being gay.
Miller opened his own accounting practice, taking with him several
of DeMuth's clients.
DeMuth sued to enforce the penalty clause, and won a judgment of
more than $100,000.
A divided Superior Court upheld the ruling (of
the three justices, one decided that enforcing the penalty was not
state action, another found that it was legitimate state action,
and the third found that it was constitutionally impermissible
state action), and the Pennsylvania Supreme Court declined review.
The issue raised in the petition is "[w]hether constitutional
principles of equal protection permit the use of state action to
subject Petitioner to a substantial financial penalty because he is
gay, thereby giving effect to respondent's personal discriminatory
animus."
It was undisputed that DeMuth fired Miller solely because
Miller is gay (anti-gay employment discrimination is legal in the
relevant parts of Pennsylvania), and that, but for the fact that
Miller is gay, his termination would not have invoked the penalty
clause on which DeMuth sued.
The petition quotes Palmore v.
Sidoti, 466 U.S. 429, 433-34 (1984), "Private biases may be outside
the reach of the law, but the law cannot, directly or indirectly,
give them effect."
The petition argues
that judicial enforcement of the anti-gay penalty clause would
constitute state action impermissibly abetting private invidious
discrimination.
Implicitly addressing the Court's extremely selective docket
control, the petition argues that this case presents increasingly
litigated issues, citing several recent cases including the
Colorado Amendment 2 case, Evans v. Romer, 882 P.2d 1335 (Colo.
1994), in which a Supreme Court decision is expected soon.
The
petition argues that this case presents the issue of anti-gay
discrimination with
rare clarity, with no disputes over material
facts or countervailing state interests.
More broadly, this case asks whether anti-gay discrimination is to
be treated like other forms of invidious discrimination.
In the
context of race discrimination, it is well established that a
discriminatory contract like the one at issue cannot be enforced.
See Shelley v. Kraemer, 334 U.S. 1 (1948) (racially restrictive
private covenants unenforceable on equal protection grounds).
The
petition points out that even non-racial discrimination is
subjected to at least rational basis review.
See City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center, 473 U.S. 432
(1985); U.S. Department of Agriculture v. Moreno, 413 U.S. 528
(1973).
As in Evans v. Romer, the stakes are high in terms of the
possible effect on the rights of gay and lesbian Americans.
A
favorable ruling could signal that state-sponsored anti-gay
discrimination will be treated like other forms of invidious
discrimination, but an unfavorable ruling might legitimate
governmental anti-gay discrimination nationwide. O.R.D.
Another Challenge to Military Policy Is Rejected
Each month we have a new case that proves that the military's
"don't ask, don't tell" policy is no better for the lesbian and gay
community than the military's old policy.
Richard F. Richenberg
was a Captain in the Air Force.
In May, 1993, Richenberg informed
his superior officer that he was homosexual. As a result of his
statements, the Air Force initiated a discharge proceeding against
Richenberg.
A Board of Inquiry recommended his discharge on
December 2, 1993, however, the Secretary of Defense directed that
the discharge be reconsidered under the "don't ask, don't tell"
policy recently enacted by Congress.
Discharge proceedings were
initiated again in April, 1994.
At the hearing, Richenberg read a
sworn statement that he had not in the past and would not in the
future engage in any prohibited conduct.
Despite his statement,
the Board of Inquiry recommended his discharge, which was scheduled
for September 8, 1995.
On September 5, 1995, Richenberg filed for and obtained a temporary
restraining order barring the Air Force from discharging him.
An
expedited hearing was scheduled.
Richenberg challenged the policy
on several constitutional grounds including: first amendment; equal
protection; due process; and right to privacy.
Judge Strom of the
United States District Court for the District of Nebraska rejected
all of his arguments, indicating our long history of giving
deference to
military judgment.
Most of these arguments have been made in previous cases and failed
as well.
Richenberg's case is particularly interesting, though,
because under the current policy there is supposed to be a
rebuttable presumption that if you are homosexual then you have or
will engage in homosexual acts, but Richenberg gave a sworn
statement that he had not and would not engage in such acts and no
evidence was introduced to challenge the statement.
This issue is
only given cursory review in the court's decision.
The court
indicated that seven service members had previously been successful
at rebutting this presumption, but without citing cases or giving
a standard for rebutting the presumption.
Judge Strom simply indicated that these issues are decided on an
individual basis and the court is going to follow the finding of
the Board of Inquiry.
Richenberg v. Perry, 1995 WL 736836 (Dec.
11).
This leaves open for discussion what the standard actually is
for rebutting the presumption that if you are homosexual you engage
in homosexual acts.
T.V.L.
Oral argument on Able v. U.S. in the 2nd Circuit was postponed due
to the recusal of Circuit Judge Guido Calabresi from the assigned
panel on the eve of argument.
The Justice Department had sent a
letter to the court pointing out that Calabresi, while dean of Yale
Law School, had signed a letter to the Senate Military Affairs
Committee opposing the ban on military service.
Although the
Department did not formally request that Calabresi withdraw from
the case, the letter led to his voluntary recusal and argument was
postponed for appointment of a new panel.
(Presumably Calabresi
would also recuse himself from potential en banc reconsideration of
any panel decision in the Circuit, as well.) New York Times, Dec.
20. * * *
The 4th Circuit heard oral argument on Paul Thomasson's
challenge to the ban on Dec. 5.
All 13 full-time judges of the
Circuit participated in the en banc hearing, the case having been
referred by a three-judge panel without issuing a decision.
A few
days before the hearing, the court issued an order in the pending
case of Dirk Selland, upholding a stay against Selland's discharge
until his appeals are resolved.
Both Thomasson and Selland are
challenging the constitutionality of the "don't ask, don't tell"
policy. * * * The 9th Circuit heard oral argument in Margarethe
Cammermeyer's case on Dec. 4.
Cammermeyer was discharged under the
pre-Clinton version of the gay ban; she was ordered reinstated in
1994 by U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly.
The government is no
longer seeking Cammermeyer's discharge under the old policy, but
asked the 9th Circuit to vacate Zilly's decision on the merits so
it won't affect future decision on the "don't ask, don't tell"
policy.
"Forgive me if I am not moved. . ." said Circuit Judge
Alex Kosinski in response to that argument, according to a Dec. 5
report in the Seattle Times. A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds Constitutional Violation in Removal of Lesbian
Novel From High School Libraries
In a reaffirmation of the right of high school students to access
a diversity of ideas, a Kansas federal district court, in Case v.
Unified School District No. 233, 1995 WL 708288 (Nov. 29), held
that a school board's removal of Annie on My Mind, an award-winning
book about a romantic relationship between two teenage girls, from
the district's libraries violated the First Amendment and its
analogue in the Kansas constitution.
Accompanied by substantial publicity, Project 21 (since renamed the
P.E.R.S.O.N. project) donated several copies of the book, along
with copies of All American Boys, a similar story involving teenage
boys, to the Kansas City-area school district for placement in the
district's high school libraries.
Ironically, the libraries
already had a number of copies of Annie.
All of the district's
high school librarians agreed that Annie had literary merit, but
that Boys did not.
A school official then wrote Project 21,
accepting Annie but declining Boys.
The school district's superintendent then intervened and
unilaterally determined that all of the district's copies of Annie,
including those previously present, would be removed.
Subsequently, the school board ratified the superintendent's action
at a public meeting, and several current and former district
students, their parents, and a district teacher commenced this
litigation.
Initially, the court made significant standing determinations.
While the current high school students, their parents, and the high
school teacher had standing, the former high school students, and
a student who was in grade school when Annie was removed, did not,
the court held, as neither had had access to the high school
libraries at the time of the book's removal.
Turning to the merits, the court adopted the holding of the
plurality opinion in Board of Education v. Pico, 457 U.S.853
(1982), as this was the only Supreme Court opinion specifically
addressing the removal of books from a public school library.
That
opinion declared that school officials' conduct was
unconstitutional if the officials intended to deny students
access to ideas with which the officials disagreed, and if this was
the decisive factor in the officials' decision.
The court found
the board's action invalid under this rule, as the four board
members voting to support the removal of Annie stated that they had
done so because the book "glorified and promoted" homosexuality.
In making this assessment, the court looked behind the board
members' invocation of "educational unsuitability," which the court
found to represent nothing more than viewpoint discrimination.
The
court also deemed it important that the board disregarded its own
established procedures for reviewing the suitability of library
books, and that the board failed to consider less restrictive
alternatives to the complete removal of the book.
Rejecting the board's claims in defense, the court held that the
board did not have unfettered discretion to "transmit community
values," while the book's availability in other libraries in the
area did not cure the constitutional violation.
Also rejecting the plaintiffs' secondary claims, the court found no
due process violation, as the plaintiffs had no liberty or property
interest in the book's presence in the library, and the holding of
an open school board meeting had provided the plaintiffs with
procedural due process.
R.M.
Federal Court Rejects Emotional Distress Claims by Discharged Gay
Grocer
U.S. District Judge Lungstrum dismissed charges brought by a
discharged gay grocer in Wagner v. Hy-Vee Food Stores, Inc., 1995
WL 716788 (D.Kans., Nov. 16).
William Wagner, age 48, was hired to
be manager of the Seafood/Service Meat Department at defendant's
Leawood, Kansas, store in 1989.
In July 1993, Scott Thompson, the
director of the store, discovered that Wagner was "having a
homosexual relationship" with a young Hy-Vee employee who was
accused of embezzlement from the company.
Wagner alleges that this
discovery led to a period of abusive and homophobic conduct toward
him by Thompson that was so severe it led to various physical
symptoms and hospitalization of Wagner.
Subsequently, in May of
1994, Wagner was discharged after an incident when he was accused
of being drunk and attempting to steal items from another Hy-Vee
store in Overland Park, Kansas, where his male roommate was
employed.
Wagner's subsequent lawsuit alleged age discrimination,
retaliation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, breach
of contract, and wrongful discharge in violation of public policy.
Granting the defendant's motion for summary judgment, Judge
Lungstrum noted that Wagner had been replaced by an older person,
so a prima facie case of age discrimination could not be plausibly
made out.
Wagner had claimed that Thompson's abusive conduct
toward him was undertaken in retaliation for his having a
homosexual relationship with another employee.
"Associating with
an embezzler is not a protected activity," asserted Lungstrum. "The
plaintiff does not allege that he undertook any other protected
activity prior to his termination.
As a result, the plaintiff
cannot establish any of the elements of his prima facie case."
Similarly, Lungstrum found that Wagner's factual allegations were
insufficient to make out a prima facie case for intentional
infliction of emotional distress, finding that Thompson's conduct
was "only inappropriate, not illegal."
(Of course, Lungstrum
included the usual disclaimer one finds in cases where judges
refuse to protect gay litigants from abuse: "The court certainly
does not condone impolite or inconsiderate behavior.")
Finally,
the court observed that Wagner had failed to show any express or
implied contract terms or public policies that were violated by his
discharged, so the other common law claims were also dismissed.
A.S.L.
Louisiana Appeals Court Approves Safety Injunction Against Gay
Bathhouse
At issue in the defendants' appeal in City of New Orleans v.
Benson, 1995 WL 707895 (La.App., 4th Cir., Nov. 30), was whether
the Civil District Court for the Parish of Orleans had acted
properly in granting a preliminary injunction to the City enjoining
the continued operation a substantial portion of a New Orleans gay
bathhouse, without the requirement of a bond.
The Court of Appeal
affirmed the lower court decision in all respects.
The City sought to close the premises down after a fire inspector
found twenty building and fire code violations.
A separate civil
proceeding relating to the violations was instituted against the
owners of the premises in New Orleans Municipal Court.
The
inspection had taken place after firemen responded to a New Year's
Day fire alarm in the premises.
After considerable legal
maneuvering over a six month period, the preliminary injunction was
granted, requiring that the top three floors of the building, where
numerous cubicles were located, be closed.
The Court of Appeal brushed aside the appellants' challenge to
subject matter jurisdiction, making specific references in the
record to the dangerous conditions found to exist in the upper
floors of the premises, and ruled that the City's actions were
entirely prudent in light of these conditions.
The court then
rejected the claims of double jeopardy, which were based on the
parallel proceedings in Municipal Court, noting that neither
proceeding was criminal in nature, as the injunction sought was
remedial, not punitive, in furtherance of the City's obligation to
protect public health and safety.
The claim of cruel and unusual
punishment was likewise rejected, as this was not a forfeiture
proceeding, but was intended to protect the public from danger of
fire.
It appears clear from the decision that all that needed to
be done to get the preliminary injunction lifted was the correction
of these numerous and serious code violations.
The challenge to
the preliminary injunction for failure to require security was
likewise rebuffed, as the Court found that the need for posting of
security by public entities in such judicial proceedings was
dispensed with by state law.
S.K.
2nd Circuit Upholds Sentence Enhancement for KKK Leader Who
Previously Entered Nolo Plea in Gay-Bashing Incident
In a decision announced Oct. 16 and amended Dec. 27, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit affirmed a decision by the District
Court in Connecticut to enhance the sentence imposed on a Ku Klux
Klan leader convicted on unlawful firearms possession, based on his
prior nolo contendere plea to a Connecticut gay-bashing charge.
U.S. v. Palmer, 1995 WL 760936.
Scott Palmer was arrested on Sept. 5, 1993, after making anti-gay
remarks and non-fatally assaulting a gay man at Choices Cafe in
Wallingford, Connecticut.
Palmer was charged with a violation of
Conn. Gen. Stat. sec. 53a-181b, the state's ethnic intimidation
law, which, inter alia, bans "intimidation based on bigotry or
bias" and includes "sexual orientation" among enumerated categories
of hate crime targets.
Palmer pled no contest and was given a
four-year suspended sentence, three years probation, and a $1,200
fine.
Shortly thereafter, Palmer told a federal undercover witness
that he intended to retain possession of a semiautomatic pistol he
owned, even though he knew this would violate his probation.
Palmer was then convicted on a federal firearms charge, based on
this conversation.
At sentencing, the trial court determined that
his plea on the Connecticut charges involved a "crime of violence"
sufficient to serve as the basis for sentence enhancement, and
ordered 63 months of incarceration, a $7,500 fine, three years of
supervised release, and a $100 special assessment.
In appealing the sentence, Palmer argued that the Connecticut
offense could not serve as a crime of violence for enhancement
purposes, because he had pled no contest to the official charge,
which paraphrased the statute and did not specifically identify any
violent act on his part.
Although the 2nd Circuit disagreed with
the District Court's rationale for treating the state crime as a
crime of violence, it agreed with the result, concluding that it
was appropriate in this kind of case for the trial court to have
consulted a presentencing report which gave a detailed description
of the Connecticut offense.
A.S.L.
Gay Male Plaintiffs Drop Challenge to Florida Adoption Ban; Lesbian
Plaintiff Picks Up the Ball
James W. Cox and Rodney M. Jackman, the gay male couple who were
challenging Florida's ban against adoptions of children by gays,
decided on December 1 to abandon their lawsuit.
In April, the
Florida Supreme Court had revived their case, Cox v. Florida
Department of Health & Rehabilitative Services, 656 So.2d 902,
after it was lost before a division of the state's intermediate
appellate court.
One of the factors leading to their decision was
that the two men had separated since commencing the case.
Kim
Tucker, general counsel of the defendant Department, pointed out
that their separation would have become an issue in the retrial,
according to comments published Dec. 15 in the Miami Herald.
"We
would have been arguing that the state has a rational basis for a
law prohibiting adoptions by homosexuals, and as part of that we
would have looked at how stable a relationship like this is," said
Tucker.
But the fight against the ban is not over.
Another case, brought
by June Amer, a lesbian, in Broward County, had been on hold until
Cox was resolved, but now will move forward.
Amer's co-counsel,
Nova Southeastern University law professor Bill Adams, told the Sun
Sentinel on Dec. 18 that Amer "is tired of waiting.
To know she
can proceed with her suit will make her very happy."
Adams said he
would try to get a spring trial date.
Her other co-counsel is
Florida Civil Liberties Union legal director Andy Kayton.
A.S.L.
Sexual Orientation Discrimination Claim Survives Summary Judgment
Motion
Acting Justice Stuart Cohen of New York Supreme Court, New York
County, denied pending summary judgment motions in Degen v. New
York Stock Exchange, Inc., NYLJ, 12/26/95, p. 29.
Plaintiff Peter
Degen claims he was terminated from his position as a supervisor at
a trading post at the Exchange due to his sexual orientation.
Degen, a 24-year veteran at the Exchange, alleged that he had
always received excellent and outstanding reviews and been well-
treated at the exchange until he came out; then his ratings took a
nose-dive, he suffered from blatant harassment on the job, and,
Degen alleged, his superiors misled him about their intentions with
respect to the development of a trading game he had developed,
resulting in a pretextual discharge for conflict of interest.
Degen alleged causes of action under the New York City and State
Human Rights Laws, common law claims, and constitutional claims.
Holding that the Stock Exchange is not a state actor, Cohen granted
summary judgment on the constitutional claims, and also dismissed
a common law misrepresentation claim and an estoppel claim (based
on the Exchange's published non-discrimination policy) as an
improper attempt to circumvent New York's employment-at-will rule.
Cohen also dismissed the State Human Rights claim, noting that the
state law doesn't cover sexual orientation discrimination. However,
Cohen refused to dismiss the City ordinance claim, even though
Degen was a few days late in filing a notification of suit with the
City Human Rights Commission, finding that other courts had not
treated such noncompliance as fatal.
Cohen also ruled that Degen
may pursue his claim for intentional infliction of emotional
distress, based not on the manner of his discharge but rather on
the harassment he suffered on the job after coming out.
Cohen
rejected Degen's attempt to win a cross-motion for summary judgment
based on the findings of an unemployment insurance judge, noting
that by statute such findings are to have no effect outside the
unemployment forum. A.S.L.
Topeka Artist To Challenge Solicitation Ordinance
A gay artist convicted Dec. 7 of violating a Topeka, Kansas,
solicitation ordinance will challenge the constitutionality of the
law on appeal, according to the Topeka Capital-Journal, Dec. 8.
Max Movsovitz was sitting in his car in Gage Park when a
plainclothes police officer pulled his car next to Movsovitz's and
engaged him in conversation.
The police officer, Tom Pfortmiller,
suggested oral sex.
When Movsovitz agreed, he was arrested by
Pfortmiller for soliciting an unlawful act.
(Oral sex between
persons of the same sex is a crime in Kansas.) Movsovitz was
convicted by Municipal Court Judge Joseph Cox, who fined him $100
and ordered him to stay out of Gage Park for two years. Topeka
attorney John Ambrosio, representing Movsovitz, announced he would
appeal the case to Shawnee County District Court, arguing equal
protection grounds since a similar solicitation between a man and
a woman would not violate the statute.
The ACLU has agreed to
assist with the case.
(It is worth noting that this is the type of
factual setting that gave rise to the successful challenge of the
Kentucky sodomy law.)
A.S.L.
Oregon Appeals Court Continues to Reject Pre-Election Challenges to
Anti-Gay Referenda
The Oregon Court of Appeals has refused to invalidate an anti-gay
initiative election that was held in Lake County, Oregon, in 1994,
holding firmly to the principle that pre-election challenges to
publicly-initiated measures are not permitted under Oregon law,
regardless of the substantive constitutionality or
unconstitutionality of the proposition.
Kinney v. O'Connor, 138
Or.App. 255, 1995 WL 739411 (Dec. 13).
The initiative proposed to
enact a county ordinance that would bar the county from creating
classifications based on homosexuality or spending public funds in
a manner expressing approval of homosexuality.
Oregon courts have consistently taken the position that the
constitutional merits of a proposed measure will only be addressed
in post-election litigation.
This action sought a declaratory
judgment in advance of election and thus the court found it was
properly dismissed, even though by the time the matter got to the
court of appeals the election had been held and the initiative
approved by the voters.
The Oregon legislature passed a law, ORS
659.165(1), which makes such measures unenforceable as a matter of
state law, but the court held that this statute did not preclude
holding the initiative vote.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
For the first time, a state-level governmental body has endorsed
same-sex marriage.
On Dec. 8, Hawaii's Commission on Sexual
Orientation voted 5-2 to approve a report recommending that the
legislature amend the marriage law to allow same-sex couples to
marry; the report also endorses, as a fallback position, a domestic
partnership law that would grant all state law marriage rights
(while trying to avoid federalism and full faith and credit issues
by not calling the resulting relationship a marriage).
On Dec. 22,
a Honolulu judge dismissed a petition filed by one of the
dissenting members of the Commission who was attempting to have the
report discredited.
Copies of the report will be available upon
publication from the Legislative References Bureau, which can be
contacted by calling 808-587-0662 or writing to the Bureau at the
State Capitol, 415 S. Beretania St., Honolulu, HI 96813.
The
initial printing of the report will be distributed free upon
request.
Despite earlier expressions of support for an application for a
marriage license from a gay male couple, Toshav and Phillip Storrs,
Ithaca, N.Y., city officials bowed to the opinion of City Attorney
Charles J. Guttman that the city clerk could not issue such a
license.
New York Times, Dec. 4.
Guttman relied on a response to
his inquiry to the New York State Health Department, which oversees
the marriage license process, and his own reading of the New York
Court of Appeals' recent decision in Matter of Jacob, which Guttman
believed signalled that the court was not yet ready to take on the
issue of same-sex marriage.
The Storrs couple indicated that they
might file a lawsuit.
The city had been discouraged from issuing
a license by Lambda Legal Defense Fund and Empire State Pride
Agenda (the state's lesbian and gay political action group); both
organizations argued that a legal battle for same-sex marriage in
New York was premature, and urged community and political
organizing in anticipation of an expected court victory in Hawaii
in Baehr v. Lewin.
The Ethics Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives will set
up a domestic partnership registration system for members of the
House of Representatives and their staffs.
This is necessary to
implement the House's new Rule 52, which prohibits House members
and staffers from accepting gifts under most circumstances, but
exempts gifts from family members, relatives and close friends.
Recognizing a potential unfairness, the Committee will expand the
exemption to include "significant others." Washington Blade, Dec.
22.
The Virginia Housing and Development Authority, following the
expressed wishes of Governor George Allen, has taken a preliminary
vote to reverse a decision from last year and end a policy of
recognizing domestic partners for eligibility for joint loans as
first-time home buyers.
Only one member dissented.
A final vote
is expected in January.
Gov. Allen appointed several new members
to the Authority after last year's decision, of which he was
sharply critical.
Washington Blade, Dec. 22.
Backing away from a campaign pledge, Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino
refused to support pending city council legislation that would
extend health benefits to domestic partners of city employees.
Menino's corporation counsel, Merita Hopkins, told a council
committee that the proposal would conflict with a state law
defining benefits eligibility for city employees.
(A similar
argument was used by courts to invalidate domestic partnership
benefits ordinances in Minneapolis and Atlanta.)
Menino pledged to
seek a home-rule measure from the state legislature that would
allow the city to move forward on the issue.
The large midtown Manhattan law firm of Dewey Ballantine announced
in a year-end memo to staff that it will extend employee benefits
plan eligibility to same-sex domestic partners of staff members.
A barrier to domestic partnership benefits for private sector
employees in Pennsylvania was overcome when the state's Insurance
Department issued a ruling effective Oct. 13 amending regulations
to include domestic partners within the definition of "dependents"
and "eligible dependents" used by insurance companies selling
coverage in the state.
The ruling, No. 15-P-94, came on an
application for permission to sell such coverage by Independence
Blue Cross and Pennsylvania Blue Shield.
The city of Palo Alto, California, has approved establishment of a
domestic partnership registry for unmarried couples.
The only
dissenting vote came from a council member who was opposed to
letting opposite-sex couples register, since they have the option
of marriage to formalize their relationships. Washington Blade,
Dec. 22. * * * On Dec. 19, the Los Angeles County Board of
Supervisors voted 4-1 to extend health insurance benefits to
domestic partners of county employees.
The city of Los Angeles,
which is within the county, has had such a policy for several
years, and many large entertainment industry companies
headquartered in the county have similar policies. Los angeles
Times, Dec. 20. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Backers say that two anti-gay initiatives they hoped to propose to
the Washington state legislature in 1996 are unlikely to gather the
necessary signatures.
"I don't think it's likely" that a measure
to outlaw civil rights protection for gay men and lesbians will get
enough signatures, said Cathy Mickels, president of the state
chapter of the Eagle Forum.
And Sam Woodard, head of the Citizens
Alliance of Washington, proponent of a measure to forbid adoptions
by gay or lesbian prospective parents, said that "We're not going
to make it." R.M.
The California Supreme Court approved a new ethical code for judges
that includes a ban on joining organizations that discriminate
against gay men or lesbians, but exempts the military and the Boy
Scouts. The proposal was the subject of much controversy within the
state's judiciary, with judges initially rejecting an unamended
proposal that did not include the military and scouts exemptions.
R.M. & A.L.
A group of about 15 students at East High in Salt Lake City is
petitioning for recognition of the state's first GLB students'
club, while the state attorney general's office prepares an opinion
on whether the club must be permitted.
Under the federal Equal
Access Act, passed in 1984 at the behest of religious groups, in
order for a school permitting any extra-curricular clubs to receive
federal funding, the school may not "deny equal access or a fair
opportunity to, or discriminate against, any students who wish to
conduct a meeting within that limited open forum on the basis of
religious, political, philosophical, or other content of the speech
at such meetings." R.M.
The school board in Arlington, Virginia, voted unanimously on
December 7 to add "sexual orientation" to the school system's non-
discrimination policy, extending protection to 3,400 teachers and
support staff.
Washington Blade, Dec. 22. A.S.L.
Hearings by the House Education Subcommittee on Dec. 4-5 produced
a pleasant surprise for worried gay activists.
Instead of a
prolonged bashing of public schools for being "pro-gay," the
hearings turned out to be rather mild, as they showed considerable
reluctance by congressional conservatives to get involved with the
curricular decisions of local school boards.
Former U.S. Secretary
of Education William Bennett, no friend of the gay community,
surprised activists by testifying against federal legislation that
would deny funding to school districts based on curricular
decisions about homosexuality.
Washington Blade, Dec. 8. A.S.L.
The weekly newspaper Legal Times published an article by Keith
Donoghue titled "After Reno Ruling, More Gays Win Asylum" on Nov.
6.
Donoghue reported that a recent decision by Attorney General
Janet Reno to order publication of Matter of Toboso-Alfonso as a
precedent had significantly eased the burden of lesbian and gay
aliens seeking asylum in the United States.
The article reviewed
several of the pending cases, and noted the role of U.S. Rep.
Barney Frank in getting Reno to approve the publication.
A.S.L.
The Union of American Hebrew Congregations, the federation of
reform synagogues, passed a resolution at its recent convention in
Atlanta stating that a rabbi's sexual orientation should have no
bearing on a hiring decision.
The reform movement's seminary has
been admitting openly gay students since the late 1980s, and the
Central Conference of American Rabbis began to admit openly gay
seminary graduates to membership in 1990.
There are 850 member
synagogues in the UAHC, comprising about 1.5 million members.
Akron Beacon Journal, Dec. 2.
* * *
At the other end of the scale
is the Episcopal Church, which is scheduled to begin a heresy trial
in Chicago on Jan. 3-5 directed against retired Bishop Walter C.
Righter, on charges that Righter ordained a gay man in 1990 in
violation of church teachings.
Righter is retired; other active
Bishops have also ordained gay candidates, so the proceeding
against Righter is widely seen as a test case that may lead to a
purge of other gay-friendly church leaders if it succeeds.
This is
reportedly only the second heresy trial in the 206 year history of
the Episcopal Church in the United States. A.S.L.
A controversy flared up in Byron Center, Michigan, when high school
teacher Gerry Crane responded to questions from students on Nov. 20
about a wedding ring he was wearing by revealing that he is gay and
had married his lover.
The whole town took sides over whether he
should be discharged, with the school board holding a special
public meeting attended by more than 500 people.
The school board
deliberated in private, then moved to public session where it
released the text of a resolution it had adopted unanimously,
stating: "The board firmly believes that homosexuality violates the
dominant moral standard of the district's community.
Individuals
who espouse homosexuality do not constitute proper role models as
teachers for students in this district."
But, following the advice
of their legal counsel, the board did not discharge Crane, saying
it would continue to "investigate and monitor the current
circumstance and controversy and will take prompt and appropriate
lawful action when justified." Crane, who interpreted the board's
resolution as meaning he was on a sort of probation regarding his
classroom conduct, described the resolution as "offensive."
Many
students rallied in support of the popular teacher, threatening to
quit the school band if he was no longer the director.
Detroit
Free Press, Dec. 20.
A.S.L.
Putnam County, New York, Family Court Judge John W. Sweeney, Jr.,
granted an adoption petition by Gail Messina to adopt Dana, the
biological child of her lesbian partner, on Dec. 21.
Dana's
adoption was one of those involved in the New York Court of
Appeal's historic decision in Matter of Jacob reported last month
in Law Notes.
Sweeney was the same judge who had originally denied
the adoption on the ground that New York law did not authorize it.
Messina was represented by Lambda Legal Defense Fund Legal Director
Beatrice Dohrn in her appeal of that decision.
A.S.L.
International Notes
Britain's Law Commission has proposed decriminalizing consensual
S&M sex.
The proposal came a day after the European Court of Human
Rights agreed to review a case of three gay Britons who were
imprisoned for engaging in such activity.
According to a Reuters
report, "Colin Laskey, Roland Jaggard and Antony Brown belonged to
a group that practiced genital maltreatment, ritual beatings and
branding -- all with each other's consent.
They were sent to
prison in 1990 for sentences ranging up to 4 1/2 years.
The
participants caused no permanent harm and said the conviction
interfered with their right to privacy."
The Associated Press reported that the African National Congress,
the ruling party in South Africa, has proposed allowing openly
lesbian and gay people to serve in that country's armed forces.
The ANC stated that military policy should be in accord with the
new constitution, which bans discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation.
New Orleans Times Picayune, Nov. 30.
The European Court of Justice's advocate-general has released an
interim report supporting the discrimination claim of a British
school worker who was discharged after undergoing sex reassignment
surgery.
According to a Dec. 15 report in Financial Times, the
full court normally follows the lead of its advocate-general, who
opined that the anonymous applicant's discharge would be a breach
of the 1976 European Equal Opportunities Directive, "which
guarantees men and women equal treatment at work," according to the
Financial Times story.
The newspaper speculated that an
affirmative decision by the full court would put renewed pressure
on Great Britain to end its ban on military service by gays.
Australian gay rights advocates celebrated the appointment of
Michael Kirby, currently President of the New South Wales Court of
Appeal, to a seat on the High Court of Australia, the highest
appellate court in the country.
(Appeals can be taken to the House
of Lords in London from this court.)
Kirby is Australia's foremost
judicial proponent of lesbian and gay rights, and is also the
author of numerous articles on civil rights and AIDS, and has been
an activist among the various British Commonwealth countries for
the establishment of sound AIDS policies.
In a news item on the
appointment in the Dec. 14 Sydney Morning Herald, he is described
as "a 56-year-old bachelor and workaholic." A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
4th Circuit Rebuffs HMO on AIDS Claims
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit vacated a district
court finding concerning the lawfulness under ERISA of an HMO's
denial of benefits to a person with AIDS.
Bernstein v.
CapitalCare, Inc., 1995 WL 708459 (Dec. 4).
When Jeffrey Bernstein
sought benefits from his HMO, CapitalCare, for a hospitalization
outside of the HMO's "service area," the HMO denied his claim on
the basis of its Enrollment Agreement, which excluded coverage for
expenses that could reasonably have been foreseen before Bernstein
left the service area.
Bernstein died shortly thereafter, and his
personal representative filed a declaratory judgment action seeking
a determination that the expenses for Bernstein's hospitalization
were covered under the CapitalCare plan. On cross-motions for
summary judgment, the district court ruled that Bernstein's
hospitalization was reasonably foreseeable because he was in the
end stages of AIDS.
The 4th Circuit was not so easily convinced; its written opinion
skillfully connects the pieces of the puzzle without falling prey
to misconceptions about AIDS.
Since CapitalCare both administered
and insured the plan, its decision to deny coverage was reviewable
under ERISA's "abuse of discretion" standard; thus, CapitalCare had
to establish the reasonableness of its decision by showing that it
was based on a deliberate, principled reasoning process, and that
it was supported by substantial evidence.
CapitalCare's
administrative record of Bernstein's claim did not meet this
standard, held the court.
The administrative record was sparse,
containing only logs of phone calls, one memorandum concerning
Bernstein's hospital admission, and notes concerning a prior
hospitalization.
Only one physician, a pediatrician without any
training in AIDS, participated in the coverage determination.
The court was also leery of the district court's knee-jerk
endorsement of the HMO's position that because Bernstein had AIDS,
it was reasonably foreseeable that he would need care, noting that
"the foreseeability of a particular illness depends on myriad
factors. . ."
The court vacated the district court's findings and
remanded the case to the HMO plan administrator for a new
determination.
The court did not reach the issue of whether the
HMO had violated ERISA requirements regarding notice to
participants of a denial of benefits.
D.W.
California Court of Appeal Rejects AIDS Phobia Claim
A unanimous panel of the California Court of Appeal, First
District, reversed a Superior Court ruling and ordered summary
judgment for the defendant in an AIDS phobia case.
Macy's
California, Inc. v. Superior Court, 1995 WL 757775 (Dec. 26).
Plaintiff Catherine Tussy-Garber was trying on a jacket at Macy's
Fairfield, California, store, when she allegedly pricked her finger
on a hypodermic needle that somebody had left in the pocket.
The
pocket actually contained two hypodermic needles, a knife and a
metal pipe "possibly used for ingesting cocaine."
She developed
severe emotional distress as a result of the incident, although she
has tested negative for all possible infections, including HIV.
Macy's refused to help her find the prior customer who had returned
the jacket to determine if that person had AIDS, refused to assist
her in having the needle tested, and refused to pay for the
treatment costs she has sustained.
The opinion by Judge Chin
quotes Tussy-Garber's detailed interrogatory recitation of her
emotional distress symptoms, which sound quite severe.
The
Superior Court had refused to grant Macy's motion for summary
judgment, holding that since Tussy-Garber allegedly suffered an
actual injury (the needlestick wound), she was entitled to claim
compensation for emotional damages stemming from the incident.
Disagreeing, the court of appeal offered an extensive analysis
based on the California Supreme Court's 1993 decision in Potter v.
Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., 6 Cal.4th 965 -- a precedent upon
which the Court of Appeal had relied when it denied recovery in
another AIDS phobia case where the plaintiff could not plausibly
allege actual exposure to HIV: Kerins v. Hartley, 27 Cal.App.4th
1062 (1994).
Admitting that the two cases were distinguishable, in
that Tussy-Garber suffered an actual needlestick injury, while
Kerins had merely been a patient of an HIV+ surgeon, nonetheless
Chin concluded that the claim should be dismissed because the
needlestick injury, standing alone, struck him as an insufficient
injury to provide the basis for parasitic emotional distress
claims.
As far as this court was concerned, a simple needlestick
injury is not adequate "harm" to support such an action, even where
the resulting emotional distress is severe.
(Contrast the decision
in Marchica v. L.I. Railroad Co., 31 F.3d 1197 (2nd Cir., 1994),
cert. denied, 115 S.Ct. 727 (1995), allowing AIDS phobia recovery
to a maintenance worker who sustained a needlestick injury while
cleaning up debris at a train station in an area frequented by IV
drug users.)
A.S.L.
Florida Appeals Court Upholds HIV Test for Sexual Assault Defendant
Ruling on a constitutional challenge to Fla. Stat. sec. 960.003,
which authorizes HIV testing of sexual assault defendants at the
request of the victim, and release of the result to the victim and
public health authorities, the Florida District Court of Appeal,
4th District, held the statute constitutional.
Fosman v. State,
1995 WL 757879 (Dec. 27).
Fosman was accused of armed sexual
battery involving a rape in which semen was exchanged.
The victim
requested HIV testing of Fosman pursuant to the statute, which was
ordered by the trial court.
Fosman appealed.
Analogizing from
U.S. Supreme Court 4th Amendment cases on drug testing and citing
to decisions upholding HIV testing of sexual assault defendants by
courts in Illinois, California and Wisconsin, the court concluded
that this circumstance "passes the special needs test" recognized
by those courts, and quoted the Illinois Supreme Court's decision
in People v. Adams, 597 N.E.2d 574 (Ill. 1992), for its rationale.
After summarily denying a due process challenge, Judge Klein's
opinion for the court takes up Fosman's state constitutional
privacy challenge.
The Florida courts have been developing an
expansive notion of state constitutional privacy in a variety of
cases, including a 1987 Florida Supreme Court decision, Rasmussen
v. South Florida Blood Services, Inc., 500 So.2d 533, which denied
a negligence plaintiff's request to obtain the HIV-status of a
blood donor.
However, Judge Klein found the cases distinguishable,
holding that "there is no reasonable expectation of privacy in
regard to having a blood test for HIV, the results of which are
disclosed only to the victim and to public health authorities.
This case is distinguishable from Rasmussen. . . In Rasmussen the
court decided that the benefit of the discovery was outweighed by
society's interest in "maintaining a strong volunteer blood
supply."
Even if petitioner had a reasonable expectation of
privacy, society's interest in preventing members of the public
from being exposed to HIV would be a sufficiently compelling state
interest to justify the infringement of that right.
And, the
statute does accomplish its objective through the least intrusive
means, since blood tests are routine, and disclosure of the results
is limited to the victim and public health authorities."
A.S.L.
Another Court Finds Dentist Guilty of Unlawful Discrimination
Joining a growing body of precedent, the U.S. District Court in
Maine ruled Dec. 22 that a dentist violated Title III of the
Americans With Disabilities Act and the Maine Human Rights Act by
refusing to treat an HIV+ patient in his office.
Abbott v.
Bragdon, No. 94-0273-B.
The opinion by Judge Morton B. Brody
focused on two issues: whether an asymptomatic HIV+ person has a
disability under the ADA, and whether such a person would present
a "direct threat of infection" to a dentist.
Brody also ruled on
a variety of defensive constitutional claims raised by the dentist.
Brody noted that the EEOC guidelines make clear that HIV-infection
is to be considered a "physical impairment" under ADA, but that
there was less unanimity on the second prong of the definitional
test: whether asymptomatic HIV-infection, as such, "substantially
limits" one or more "major life activities" of the infected person.
In the case of the female plaintiff, Sidney Abbott, Brody found
credible her assertion that the impact of her HIV-status on her
reproductive ability was sufficient to qualify her as a person with
a disability under the statute.
Noting the growing body of cases
so holding, Brody produced a detailed discussion of the issue,
concluding that the plaintiff was disabled "as a matter of law."
Turning to the more contentious issue of risk to the dentist, Brody
found that the defendant had submitted no "Summary Judgment quality
evidence" to support his assertion that treating the plaintiff in
his office would subject him to significant risk of infection.
Brody characterized Dr. Bragdon's evidence as "tangential
statistics" and "allegation or speculation."
By contrast, Abbott
presented testimony by the CDC's Director of the Division of Oral
Health, who asserted that "when implemented, the CDC
recommendations [for risk reduction] reduce the already low risk of
disease transmission in the dental environment, from either patient
to dental health care worker, dental health care worker to patient,
or patient to patient."
Brody specifically rejected Bragdon's
attempt to use cases in which courts ruled against HIV-infected
health care workers who had charged their institutional employers
with violations of the ADA, finding that such cases did not support
Bragdon's position because the "health care provider-patient
relationship . . . is not symmetrical."
The provider can take
steps to reduce his risk; the patient, by contrast, "has no control
over the less diligent health care provider whose failure to comply
with CDC guidelines significantly increases the risk of patient
infection."
Finally, Brody rejected Bragdon's claims that Congress lacked
authority under the Commerce Clause to regulate dental office
practices, or that the ADA violated the dentist's due process
rights or freedom of contract.
(Amusingly, the final section of
the opinion addressing the contracts point reads like an elementary
primer on the demise of the Lochner precedent.)
Abbott v. Bragdon joins D.B. v. Bloom, 896 F.Supp. 166 (D.N.J.
1995), and U.S. v. Morvant, 898 F.Supp. 1157 (E.D.La. 1995), in a
growing body of precedent protecting the rights of HIV+ dental
patients. Abbott is represented by Augusta, Maine, attorney David
G. Webbert and Bennett H. Klein of Gay & Lesbian Advocates &
Defenders in Boston.
A.S.L.
Denial of Specific AIDS Treatment Doesn't Support 8th Amendment
Claim by PWA Prisoner
An HIV+ inmate who was denied a specific painkiller does not have
a cognizable claim under the Eighth Amendment, ruled a federal
court on December 1, because prison officials were not
"deliberately indifferent" to his medical needs. Writing in the
case of Freed v. Horn, 1995 WL 710529 (E.D.Pa.), U.S. District
Judge Broderick noted that plaintiff Teddy Freed, an inmate in a
Pennsylvania correctional facility, could not meet the burden of
showing a dispute over material facts, and thus the defendants were
entitled to summary judgment.
Freed learned that he was HIV+ in October 1992 while incarcerated
at the state prison in Camp Hill. He was first given darvon and
fioricet for his headaches. When he was transferred to the prison
at Mahanoy in 1994, the medical staff prescribed percocet. In
January 1995, a new medical director at the Mahanoy facility
reviewed Freed's medical record and "made a medical determination
that the plaintiff was not experiencing the degree of pain which
would necessitate the use of percocet." Freed's dosage was
gradually reduced and he was given the less addictive drug
fioricet.
Freed asked to be placed on percocet again, and refused
the medical staff's offer of HIV therapies such as AZT, DDI and
Hivid. Freed was treated for low platelet count and referred to a
number of outside physicians. He was placed on percocet when
transferred to another prison, and he then brought suit against
medical officers and officials of the Camp Hill and Mahanoy
facilities, charging violation of his civil rights under 42 U.S.C.
1983.
Granting the defendants' motion for summary judgment, the court
noted that Freed had failed to meet the standard set out by the
Supreme Court in Estelle v. Gamble, 429 U.S. 97 (1976). Under
Estelle, "deliberate indifference to serious medical needs of
prisoners constitutes the unnecessary and wanton infliction of pain
proscribed by the Eighth Amendment." However, there is a two-part
test: the plaintiff must demonstrate "deliberate indifference on
the part of prison officials", and the prisoner's medical needs
must be "serious." Inadvertent failure to provide medical care does
not suffice under the Estelle standard.
Here, noted the court, Freed "presented no evidence" that medical
officials at the two prisons were indifferent to his medical
condition. The physicians "saw the plaintiff regularly and used
their best medical judgment" in reaching the decision that percocet
was not warranted. In granting summary judgment to the defendants,
the court also dismissed Freed's motion for appointment of an HIV
expert as moot.
M.N.S.
Jury Awards Big Bucks In Transfusion Liability Case
A New York City jury awarded $1.5 million in damages to a 16-year
old boy who was infected with HIV in a transfusion twelve years
ago.
The December 19 verdict in DiPaolo v. New York Blood Center
(Supreme Ct., N.Y. County) came in the highly publicized case of
Joey DiPaolo, who has become a very visible AIDS activist in public
speaking engagements and television appearances.
However, because
the DiPaolo family had previously settled their case against the
hospital and doctors involved in the surgery and transfusion for
$1.6 million, the Blood Center argued after the verdict that it
should not have to pay anything.
Roger K. Solymosy, the lawyer for
the Blood Center, argued that because the jury had evaluated the
total damages for the transfusion incident at $1.5 million and the
plaintiffs had already received $1.6 million in their prior
settlement, they were not entitled to any more compensation.
DiPaolo's lawyer argued that because the jury found the Blood
Center 100% responsible for the negligent transfusion, the Blood
Center should be fully liable for the jury award.
(The jury
absolved the doctors and hospital of any liability.)
Justice Alice
Schlesinger announced that she would hear arguments over whether
the Blood Center has to pay anything in January.
New York Times,
Dec. 20. A.S.L.
New York Court Lets Gay Lawyer Sue for Emotional Distress in False-
Positive HIV Test Case
New York Supreme Court Justice Charles Ramos denied a motion to
dismiss a claim by a gay lawyer that New York Hospital and Cornell
Medical School should be liable to him for his emotional distress
stemming from a false-positive HIV test in a research project.
Mullen v. New York Hospital, NYLJ, 12/19/95, p. 27, col.1.
Mullen,
a partner in the law firm of Pranzo & Mullen, responded to an
advertisement in the Village Voice seeking participants in a
research project who were part of "high risk groups" for HIV
infection.
As a gay man whose lover was HIV+, Mullen qualified for
the experiment, which involved getting HIV-tested every six months.
On entering the program, he signed consent forms warning him that
he might suffer psychological distress as a result of receiving HIV
test information.
The first five times he was tested, Mullen
tested negative.
He tested positive the next time; a new blood
sample was drawn for confirmatory HIV testing and a T-cell test.
Ultimately the confirmatory test was negative (as confirmed also
when Mullen sought testing from his private physician), and, at
least according to Mullen's allegations, the nurse assigned to him
in the research program may have badly bungled the notification
process.
Mullen claims the nurse told him either that a vile of
his blood was broken or mixed up with somebody else's sample.
Mullen sued for negligent and intentional infliction of emotional
distress.
Dismissing the intentional infliction claim, Ramos found that the
facts alleged by Mullen were not sufficient to constitute the kind
of outrageous conduct required for that tort.
However, Ramos
refused to dismiss the negligent infliction claim.
Even though
Mullen was not in a patient-physician relationship with the
research project, Ramos found that the defendants did have a duty
of care to avoid inflicting foreseeable injury on Mullen, and that
it was foreseeable that a false positive HIV test could cause
emotional distress.
In a cursory review of New York law on
emotional distress, Ramos concluded that New York has "in limited
instances" dispensed with the traditional requirement that an
emotional distress claim be tied to an actual physical injury.
Ramos's opinion never expressly considers the policy question
confronted by the Ohio Supreme Court in Heiner v. Moretuzzo, 652
N.E.2d 664 (Oh. 1995), in which that court recently held that a
claim such as this one can't be maintained because the plaintiff
was never actually in danger of contracting AIDS as a result of the
defendant's alleged negligence, but it seems consistent with the
2nd Circuit's decision in Marchica v. Long Island Railroad, 31 F.3d
1197 (2nd Cir., 1994), cert. denied, 115 S.Ct. 727 (1995),
upholding an AIDS-phobia claim where no actual exposure to HIV was
established.
Ramos dismissed (without prejudice) the nurse as an individual
defendant for improper service of process, but then analyzed the
statute of limitations issues treating the nurse as a party united
in interest with the other defendants, so Mullen may cure this
problem with an amended complaint and new service.
Ramos also
dismissed a claim against the lab that performed the T-cell test
(which was reported to Mullen by the nurse as on the low end of
normal range; Mullen's own doctor ran a T-cell test that came out
higher), on statute of limitations grounds as well as failure to
state a claim.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Certifies Arizona Class Action Against Blood Banks in
Transfusion Cases
U.S. District Judge Richard Bilby has certified a class action suit
for Arizonans who were infected with HIV through transfusions
during the period mid-1982 through early 1985 (prior to the
licensing of the HIV test), in the pending case of Doe v. United
Blood Services et al., Dec. 4.
The class action certification goes
only to the issues of negligent screening and testing by the
defendants, which include United Blood Services, the American Red
Cross, the Council of Community Blood Centers, and the American
Association of Blood Banks.
(Some of these defendants have already
lost major lawsuits over their blood screening policies during the
period in question.)
Bilby denied a request also to certify
questions about whether the blood banks gave adequate warning to
patients and health-care providers about the risk of HIV
transmission, or misrepresented or concealed such information;
Bilby also refused to include a claim of conspiracy to control HIV
risk information in the class litigation.
Arizona Republic, Dec.
17.
A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Approves Substantial Upward Departure from
Sentencing Guidelines in Sexual Assault by PWA
In Perkins v. State, 1995 WL 756698 (Dec. 26), the Minnesota Court
of Appeals affirmed a trial judge's decision to sentence the
defendant to 30 years in prison, which the court described as a
"greater-than-triple durational departure from the sentencing
guidelines."
The case involves a vicious sexual assault of the
female victim, accompanied by death threats and violence which,
under the guidelines, would have justified a sentence of 105 to 115
months. The defendant, who was charged with a plethora of serious
crimes arising out of the incident, pleaded guilty to one count of
first-degree sexual assault.
The state's guidelines authorize an
upward departure where the victim is treated with particular
cruelty.
"The sentencing court found particular cruelty because Perkins was
infected with the AIDS virus, threatened A.L. with death, choked
A.L. to the point of unconsciousness, suffocated A.L. with a
pillow, and threatened to kill A.L.'s children.
The court said: `I
cannot fathom on the face of this earth * * * a more devastating
offense to a victim than being sexually assaulted by a person with
AIDS * * *. The victim of this offense will not know for several
months whether or not she contracted the HIV virus.
* * * If she
does become HIV-positive, it's a death sentence. It is clear from
the record that Perkins knew he had AIDS when he committed the
offense.'"
Commenting that such an extreme departure upward is
justified "only in extremely rare cases where the aggravating
circumstances are severe," the court of appeals found that this was
such a case, asserting that "the fact that Perkins had AIDS is a
severe factor that, coupled with the gratuitous acts of cruelty,
warrant the greater-than-triple departure." A.S.L.
Air Force Appeals Court Affirms Conviction of HIV+ Officer for
Sexual Assault
The Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals upheld the conviction and
six months plus extended pay forfeiture sentence imposed on Major
James T. Goldsmith for a variety of charges arising from his
engaging in unprotected vaginal intercourse with two women.
U.S.
v. Goldsmith, 1995 WL 730266 (Nov. 20).
After Goldsmith tested
HIV+, he received the standard military preventive medicine order
from his superior commissioned officer advising him to refrain from
unprotected sexual intercourse, and attended counselling sessions
about his duties to warn sexual partners and take protective
measures.
Nonetheless, Goldsmith subsequently had sex with two
different women without revealing his HIV status or using condoms,
and responded ambiguously about his HIV status when one of the
women inquired.
He claimed in his defense that he withdrew before
ejaculation in both incidents, and presented expert testimony at
his court martial to the effect that the likelihood of transmitting
HIV in vaginal intercourse was very low to begin with (1 in 1,000
in a single sexual encounter) and probably lower if the male did
not ejaculate in the female partner.
The court found that this evidence was not really relevant to the
question whether Goldsmith's actions were "likely to produce death
or grievous bodily harm."
Relying on a previous military case,
U.S. v. Johnson, 30 M.J. 53 (C.M.A.), cert. denied, 498 U.S. 919
(1990), the court found that the likelihood of transmission was not
crucial so long as there was a theoretical possibility of
transmission; what was significant was that serious harm would
occur if HIV was transmitted.
As summarized by the Johnson court,
"in this case, the question is not the statistical probability of
HIV invading the victim's body, but rather the likelihood of the
virus causing death or serious bodily harm if it invades the
victim's body.
The probability of infection need only be `more
than merely a fanciful, speculative, or remote possibility.'"
Thus, the military appeals court concluded that Goldsmith was
guilty of aggravated sexual assault. A.S.L.
Federal Court Holds Receipt of Disability Benefits Not a Bar to ADA
Suit
Rejecting decisions such as McNemar v. Disney Stores, 1995 WL
390051, 4 A.D. Cases (BNA) 897, 11 A.D.D. 240 (E.D.Pa. 1995), which
held that somebody who qualified for disability benefits was
estopped from bringing a disability discrimination charge under the
ADA, U.S. District Judge C. Clyde Atkins ruled in Dockery v. North
Shore Medical Center, 1995 WL 728172 (S.D.Fla., Dec. 4), that a
disability benefits recipient could be a "qualified individual"
within the meaning of the law.
Atkins opined that it was possible
that somebody who was qualified for disability benefits could work
if given a reasonable accommodation by the employer: " Thus, a
person, totally disabled at one point, may be considered a
qualified individual if the allowance of a leave of absence or
possible reassignment would provide them the opportunity to resume
working at a later date."
Atkins did state, however, that an
individual who has filed a sworn statement that she is disabled
with benefits administrators would have difficulties surviving a
summary judgment motion.
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 241, Dec.
15, 1995, A-2.
A.S.L.
Mason Tenders Union Settles Long-Running AIDS Benefits Suit
The Mason Tenders District Council Welfare Fund, defendant in a
long-running suit challenging the refusal to cover AIDS-related
medical expenses of Fund participants, has agreed to a settlement
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission that will be
submitted to U.S. District Judge John E. Sprizzo for approval.
Under the terms of the proposed settlement, which was published in
full text in BNA's Daily Labor Report No. 241 on December 15 (see
pp. E-10 through E-13), the defendant agrees to pay about $1
million in damages to participants whose benefits claims were
denied, and to extend coverage to people with AIDS, both
prospectively and retroactively.
The lawsuit, EEOC v. Mason
Tenders District Council Welfare Fund, No. 93-3865 (S.D.N.Y.), was
one of the first to be brought by EEOC in challenging a union
benefit funds decision to avoid covering AIDS-related claims by
writing an exclusion into their claims policies.
A separate
private action brought by five individual fund members (Mason
Tenders District Council Welfare Fund v. Donaghey, No. 93-1154) was
previously settled in August 1995.
The payments to those
plaintiffs will be included as part of the final settlement amount
in the EEOC case.
Key to the settlement was Judge Sprizzo's 1993
ruling denying a summary judgment motion, in which he found that
the fund was subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act and had
the burden of justifying its decision to exclude AIDS-related
coverage while continuing to cover other similarly-expensive
medical conditions.
A.S.L.
Statute of Limitations Dispute in Transfusion Case is Reserved for
Trial
As a result of a blood transfusion, D.B. contracted AIDS during a
hospital stay in 1985.
In 1993, D.B. filed suit against the
hospital and subsequently amended her complaint to include the
blood supplier.
The suit sought damages resulting from her
infection with AIDS.
The defendant moved for summary judgment
based on the statute of limitations.
During discovery, conflicting
evidence as to when D.B. had knowledge of her infection was
discovered.
The earliest date would bar D.B.'s claim under the
statute of limitations, while the latest possible date would allow
the claim to proceed.
Florida District Court of Appeal Judge
Schoonover ruled the issue of when D.B. had knowledge of her
infection is a genuine issue of material fact that must be tried to
the factfinder.
The motion for summary judgment was denied.
D.B.
and J.B. v. CCH-GP, Inc., 1995 WL 722913 (Fla.App. 2 Dist., Dec. 8,
1995). T.V.L.
Court Refuses to Dismiss Criminal Charge Against PWA
Thomas Murray was charged with leaving the scene of an accident and
driving under the influence of drugs.
Murray moved to dismiss the
indictment in the interest of justice.
One of the reasons he cited
in support of his motion was that he had AIDS.
Justice Abraham G.
Gerges of the New York Supreme Court, Kings County, denied his
motion. Justice Gerges noted that defendants who are diagnosed with
AIDS prior to committing a crime often are unsuccessful in using
their illness to support a motion to dismiss in the interests of
justice.
Justice Gerges noted that to decide otherwise may well
encourage the commission of crimes.
People v. Murray, 1995 WL
730781 (Nov. 8, 1995). T.V.L.
Discrimination Law Protection is Limited
Demonstrating the limitations of disability discrimination law to
protect persons with AIDS in the workplace, the New York Appellate
Division, 2nd Department, dismissed an appeal from a decision by
the New York State Division of Human Rights holding that an
employer, the New York Seven-Up Bottling Company, had not
unlawfully discriminated against Stanley Phillips, a person with
AIDS who was discharged by the respondent.
Phillips v. Rosa, 1995
WL 752200 (Dec. 18).
"There is ample evidence, medical and
otherwise, in the hearing record to support the Commissioner's
finding that the physical manifestations of the complainant's
disability rendered him physically `unable to perform the job
duties of any available position' with 7-Up."
Disability
discrimination law only protects those whose disability does not
prevent them from performing their job, so Phillips (who has since
died) was out of luck.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
As 1995 ended, the official count of diagnosed cases of AIDS in the
United States since the beginning of the epidemic topped 500,000,
with almost 300,000 of those known to have died, according to a
year-end report in the San Francisco Examiner, Dec. 27.
The
Examiner also reported that the World Health Organization had now
received reports of about 4,500,000 cases worldwide since the
beginning of the epidemic.
A day-long White House Conference on AIDS was held early in
December, with President Bill Clinton participating for more than
two hours to presentations from a variety of workshops on pressing
AIDS policy issues.
Clinton announced he had asked Vice President
Al Gore to convene a meeting on accelerating drug development, and
had directed AIDS Research Director Patsy Fleming to oversee an
interdepartmental working group intended to coordinate federal AIDS
research across departmental lines.
Washington Blade, Dec. 8.
President Clinton vetoed the National Defense Authorization Act of
1996 on December 28. The bill included a provision mandating the
discharge within 60 days of all service members who test HIV+, and
disqualifying them for service-related medical benefits after a 30-
day "transition" to civilian status.
Clinton had previously
announced he would veto the bill because of this and other
provisions to which he objects.
The provision was added to the
bill at the instigation of Rep. Bob Dornan of California, a leading
homophobe in the House of Representatives.
Washington Blade, Dec.
22.
The Food & Drug Administration is reportedly about to approve
licensing of an HIV test that uses saliva and other oral fluids
rather than blood, according to the San Francisco Examiner, Dec.
27.
If approved, the test, manufactured by Eiptope, Inc., would be
distributed through clinics and health care professionals, not
through over-the-counter sales to the public, according to the news
report.
Concerned about the potential public health risk of new infectious
diseases crossing species lines, an organization called the
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine has filed a complaint
with the federal Office for Protection from Research Risks in the
Department of Health concerning the recent transplantation of
baboon bone marrow into PWA Jeff Getty in San Francisco.
The Food
& Drug Administration approved the experimental procedure on the
basis of extensive precautions being taken by doctors to isolate
Getty.
The Centers for Disease Control & Prevention are reportedly
working on federal guidelines to govern cross-species medical
experiments.
San Francisco Examiner, Dec. 27.
The Roman Catholic Church's Pontifical Commission for the Family
issued a 60-page booklet in December stating that Catholic parents
have a duty to keep their children away from sex education programs
that promote the use of condoms and "safer sex" techniques.
According to an Associated Press report that was published in
newspapers during the third week in December, the booklet also says
that acceptable instruction about sex must deal with homosexuality
as being "against natural law."
"Parents must refuse the promotion
of so-called `safe sex' or `safer sex,' a dangerous and immoral
policy," said the Vatican. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Carter, Johnny, To Provide for the Legal Defense: Legal Defense
Funds and Federal Ethics Law, 74 Tex. L. Rev. 147 (Nov. 1995).
Case, Mary Anne C., Disaggregating Gender from Sex and Sexual
Orientation: The Effeminate Man in the Law and Feminist
Jurisprudence, 105 Yale L.J. 1 (Oct. 1995).
Chrisman, Sue, Evans v. Romer: An "Old" Right Comes Out, 72 Denver
U. L. Rev. 519 (1995).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., Essay: The Many Faces of Sexual Consent,
37 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 47 (1995).
Faught, James J., An Approach to Dealing with Controversial Student
Organizations, 78 Marq. L. Rev. 313 (Winter 1995) (Symposium on
Religiously Affiliated Law Schools).
Fishman, Clifford S., Consent, Credibility, and the Constitution:
Evidence Relating to a Sex Offense Complainant's Past Sexual
Behavior, 44 Catholic U. L. Rev. 709 (Spring 1995).
Gilmour-Walsh, Bridget, Exploring Approaches to Discrimination on
the Basis of Same-Sex Activity, 3 Australian Feminist 117 (Aug.
1995).
Goldberg, Ronald M., RICO Forfeiture of Sexually Explicit
Expressive Materials: Another Weapon in the War on Pornography, or
an Impermissible Collateral Attack on Protected Expression?, 21 Wm.
Mitchell L. Rev. 231 (Fall 1995).
Kaas, Carolyn Wilkes, Determining Detriment to the Child in Third-
Party Custody Cases in Connecticut, 17 West. New Eng. L. Rev. 205
(1995).
Karst, Kenneth L., Myths of Identity: Individual and Group
Portraits of Race and Sexual Orientation, 43 UCLA L. Rev. 263
(1995).
Muller, Vivienne, "Trapped in the Body": Transsexualism, the Law,
Sexuality Identity, 3 Australian Feminist 103 (Aug. 1995).
O'Brien, Raymond C., Domestic Partnership: Recognition and
Responsibility, 32 San Diego L. Rev. 163 (1995).
Orford, Anne, Liberty, Equality, Pornography: The Bodies of Women
and Human Rights Discourse, 3 Australian Feminist 72 (Aug. 1995).
Pincus, Laura B., & Clayton Trotter, The Disparity Between Public
and Private Sector Employee Privacy Protections: A Call for
Legitimate Privacy Rights for Private Sector Workers, 33 Am. Bus.
L. J. 51 (1995).
Portwood, Sharon G., Employment Discrimination in the Public Sector
Based on Sexual Orientation: Conflicts Between Research Evidence
and the Law, 19 L. & Psych. Rev. 113 (Spring 1995).
Russell, Margaret M., Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Rights and "The
Civil Rights Agenda", 1 African-Amer. L. & Pol. Report 33 (1994).
Schacter, Jane S., The Pursuit of `Popular Intent': Interpretive
Dilemmas in Direct Democracy, 105 Yale L.J. 107 (Oct. 1995).
Smith, Steven R., Accreditation and Religiously Affiliated Law
Schools, 78 Marq. L. Rev. 361 (Winter 1995).
Book Reviews:
Freshman, Clark, Were Patricia Williams and Ronald Dworkin
Separated at Birth? Overcoming Law by Richard Posner, 95 Columbia
L. Rev. 1568 (Oct. 1995) with Response by Posner.
Student Notes & Comments:
Appleberry, J. Mark, Negligent Infliction of Emotional Distress: A
Focus on Relationships, 21 Am. J. L. & Med. 301 (1995).
da Luz, Carla M., A Legal and Social Comparison of Heterosexual and
Same-Sex Domestic Violence: Similar Inadequacies in Legal
Recognition and Response, 4 S. Cal. Rev. L. & Women's Studies 251
(Fall 1994).
Davies, Tracy, Lewis v. Keisling: Sacrificing Simplicity and
Avoiding "Discrimination"?, 74 Oregon L. Rev. 341 (Spring 1995).
Goldman, Robert F., Put Another Log on the Fire, There's a Chill on
the Internet: The Effect of Applying Current Anti-Obscenity Laws to
Online Communications, 29 Georgia L. Rev. 1075 (Summer 1995).
Goodman, Ryan, The Incorporation of International Human Rights
Standards into Sexual Orientation Asylum Claims: Cases of
Involuntary "Medical" Intervention, 105 Yale L.J. 255 (Oct. 1995).
Hahn, Harlan, Feminist Perspectives, Disability, Sexuality and Law:
New Issues and Agendas, 4 S. Cal. Rev. L. & Women's Studies 97
(Fall 1994).
Herman, Jordan, The fusion of Gay Rights and Feminism: Gender
Identity and Marriage After Baehr v. Lewin, 56 Ohio St. L. J. 985
(1995).
Hughes, Karen, The Criminalization of Female Genital Mutilations in
the United States, 4 J. L. & Policy 321 (1995).
Murphy, Trish K., Without Distinction: Recognizing Coverage of
Same-Gender Sexual Harassment Under Title VII, 70 Wash. L. Rev.
1125 (Oct. 1995).
Neuman, Rita M., Closing the Door on Cohabitants Under Wisconsin's
Open Housing Law, 1995 Wis. L. Rev. 965.
Rubinstein, Marc L., Gay Rights and Religion: A Doctrinal Approach
to the Argument That Anti-Gay-Rights Initiatives Violate the
Establishment Clause, 46 Hastings L.J. 1585 (July 1995).
Saffer, Ian L., Obscenity Law and the Equal Protection Clause: May
States Exempt Schools, Libraries, and Museums from Obscenity
Statutes?, 70 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 397 (May 1995).
Watkinson, William W., Jr., Shades of DeShaney: Official Liability
Under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983 for Sexual Abuse in the Public Schools,
45 Case West. Res. L. Rev. 1237 (Summer 1995).
Specially Noted:
Sexual Orientation and Human Rights: The United States
Constitution, the European Convention, and the Canadian Charter, by
Robert Wintemute of the School of Law, King's College London,
England (and a LeGaL member of long standing) has just been
published in the U.S. by Oxford University Press.
(ISBN 0-19-
825972-7).
Direct orders received by January 31 will receive a
substantial discount off the rather high retail price.
(The editor
has seen it at Different Light Bookstore in New York priced at
$70.)
Call 1-800-451-7556 (9-5 EST), fax 1-919-677-1303, or write
to Order Dept., Oxford University Press, 2001 Evans Rd., Cary, NC
27513.
We have seen an earlier draft of the final manuscript and
can highly recommend this work.
A.S.L.
The December 14 issue of the New York Law Journal contains an
interesting discussion and analysis of the recent decision by the
New York Court of Appeals in Matter of Jacob and Matter of Dana, by
Evan A. Davis.
After describing the majority and minority opinions
on whether unmarried couples may jointly adopt children in New
York, Davis ruminates about the correctness of the decision.
He
comes to the conclusion that applying normal rules of statutory
interpretation, one comes to a tie between the majority and
minority views.
He would break the tie in favor of the majority on
the ground that it's approach yields a more functional result, that
incorporates most of the concerns articulated by the minority.
Interesting reading.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Student Notes & Comments:
David, Lori A., The Legal Ramifications in Criminal Law of
Knowingly Transmitting AIDS, 19 L. & Psych. Rev. 259 (Spring 1995).
McCormack, Brian C., HIV Employment Discrimination in Air
Transportation, 61 J. Air L. & Commerce 287 (Sept-Oct 1995).
Qureshi, Sarah N., Global Ostracism of HIV-Positive Aliens:
International Restrictions Barring HIV-Positive Aliens, 19 Md. J.
Int'l L. & Trade 81 (Spring 1995).
Sizemore, James Paul, Alabama's Confidentiality Quagmire:
Psychotherapists, AIDS, Mandatory Reporting, and Tarasoff, 19 L. &
Psych. Rev. 241 (Spring 1995).
Sundbeck, William, It Takes Two to Tango: Rethinking Negligence
Liability for the Sexual Transmission of AIDS, 5 Health Matrix: J.
of L-Med. 397 (Summer 1995).
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. A.S.L.