https://www.eneclann.ie/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
HomeServicesArchives & Records ManagementArchivesRecords ManagmentDigitisationHeritage ServicesGenealogyEducation & EventsIFHCProbateAbout UsWho we areCompany HistoryMeet the TeamServicesCompany Partners
Contact Us
Search for:
Close search
Privacy Policy.INTRODUCTIONThis privacy policy explains how Eneclann Ltd. (the Company) use information that you provide when you use the website and how we make sure it is stored and managed safely. We are fully dedicated to always looking after your Personal Information in a way you feel is 100% safe and secure, handling it in a responsible manner and complying with data protection laws. When it comes to your privacy, we place absolute importance on 3 main principles:Simple. We want to make it simple for you to understand how we use your personal data. With this in mind, we aim to use easy to understand language to describe our privacy policy and processes to help you make informed choices.Transparent. We believe in transparency about the personal information we collect, why we collect it and how we process it.Control. We give you control over the Personal Information you provide to us and allow you to choose how and when it is used, shared, retained or deleted.This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms & Conditions of using this website, so please read it carefully.  THE LAWS YOU ARE PROTECTED BYAs we are an Irish company, you are protected by Irish and European data protection laws. The Irish Data Protection Act 1988-2003 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) mandate for the protection of your personal data. If you would like to know more about data protection information can be sought on the Irish Data Protection Commissioner website. INFORMATION WE GATHER ABOUT YOUWhenever you visit the website, we gather information about what you do during your visit. This information includes the searches that you perform and the information you view. We also gather some information about your computer such as the browser you use and whether you are viewing the site on a PC or mobile device (i.e. phone or tablet). When you get in contact with us we gather personal information (e.g. name, address, phone number). Your personal information may also be used if you reply to a survey. WHAT WE USE THIS INFORMATION FORIt is our policy to not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary and will only use the information that we gather to;Manage the website;Provide advanced website features to you;Understand your needs to help us improve the website;Improve search results;Understand website usage to allow us to improve our marketing or the way we do business;Send you emails (please keep reading to find out more). WHAT GROUNDS (LEGAL BASIS) ARE WE PROCESSING THE DATA UNDER There are a number of grounds we process your data under.  These are;Contractual – we need the information to perform the contract for goods or services you have requested/ordered including payment, delivery etc.Legal – should we be legally required to contact you concerning a purchase or service.Legitimate interest – this means the processing is in the Company’s interest. It allows us to manage the customer relationship effectively and efficiently and improve the goods and/or services we provide by better understanding how our online provisions are used and which goods are popular with which groups of individuals.Consent – where you have given us consent to market to you. WE USE APPROPRIATE SECURITY TECHNOLOGY AND PROCESSESWe take your privacy extremely seriously. We use up-to-date technology and security standards. We make every effort to keep our systems as secure as possible. Please be aware that although our systems are secure, your information may be intercepted on its way to us via the internet, although it is extremely uncommon for this to happen. As a precaution do not share your sign in details and always keep them private.  WE DO NOT STORE YOUR PAYMENT CARD INFORMATIONWhen we take a payment from you, we use a secure third-party service to process the payment. We do not keep a record of your credit or debit card details in our systems. Our payment processors do not decide what is done with your data and only process it on our behalf. These third parties may be located outside the European Economic Area; however, we only use providers that deliver adequate protection for your information at all times. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIESWe may from time to time provide your personal information to third parties for the purposes of providing you with our services. These third-party providers include payment processors, providers of card validation services, credit referencing providers, service providers who assist us with hosting our marketing campaigns and surveys. When transferring any personal information out of the EEA we only do so under one of the legally recognised transfer mechanisms for ensuring the data is safeguarded.  These are:The country in question has been deemed safe for data transfer by the European Commission.  Also known as an adequacy finding.The contract for data processing contains the standard contractual clauses laid down by the European Commission to safeguard the transfer of personal data.Binding corporate rules – this is where a large company’s own internal processes for international data transfer have been signed-off and agreed by the European Commission as safeguarding the data.If the data is going to the USA it can be safely transferred to a company that is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. Appropriate certification schemes.We will not provide your data to other third parties for marketing purposes unless you have specifically consented to this when you first provided your data to us. You are entitled to decline receiving such third-party communications by not selecting the appropriate box on the web form that collects your details or at any subsequent time by logging into your account and adjusting your preferences. Alternatively, you can contact [dataprotection@eneclann.ie]. EMAILS WE SEND YOUWe endeavor to only send emails that are relevant. There are some emails that we send you only if we have your permission (marketing emails). You can unsubscribe from these emails or contact info@eneclann.com to have us remove you from the mailing list.  MARKETING EMAILSThese emails include our newsletter, special offers and market research emails. They also include product updates, announcements of new features or information on the website. You can unsubscribe from these emails following ‘unsubscribe’ instructions within the email.  OUR USE OF COOKIESCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for further information.    SEEING WHAT INFORMATION WE HOLD ON YOUIf you want to know what personal information we hold on you, get in contact and we will be happy to supply you with it. dataprotection@eneclann.ie WHEN MIGHT WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONWe will only disclose your information to somebody outside the company (or who is processing your information on our behalf under contract) if we are required by law to do so. IF WE CHANGE HANDSIf Eneclann transfers its operations or is bought by another company, you agree that we can pass on your information to ensure continuation of the service provided to you. CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe might make changes to this policy. Check back here at any point in time to stay up to date with our Privacy Policy. If any major change is made, we will notify you in the form of a service email. If you are unclear about any aspect of this Privacy Policy please do not hesitate to contact us. This document was last updated 25th March 2020.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.