http://www.swmtc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Study with SWMTC
Training for Ordination
Training for Readers
Training for Everyone: Foundations in Christian Ministry
Training for Everyone: New Encounters in Theology
Post Licensing Training
Resources for Students
Moodle
Library catalogue
Information for Supporting Ministers
Information for Journal Tutors
Our People
Vacancies
News & Events
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
South West Ministry Training Course (SWMTC) is committed to protecting your personal information. The information on this page relates to the SWMTC website. Please see the following document for the full SWMTC Privacy Policy:
Data Protection in South West Ministry Training Course (pdf)
Any personal information that you provide via the website will be handled confidentially, in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you would like information about the GDPR, this can be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office through their website ico.org.uk or advice line 08456 306 060.
What information do we collect about you?
Demographic and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the effectiveness of the website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
You have the option to submit certain information via the website, such as name and contact details. The information may be stored to enable us to respond to your enquiry and will held in compliance with data protection laws.
We do not share your personal information or email address with third parties.
Cookies
We want to make this website as easy to use and helpful as possible. This sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your computer, known as ‘cookies’.
These cookies cannot be used to identify you personally and are only used to improve the service offered to users of this website.
You can manage or disable these small files yourself, but some features of the website may not function as a result. To learn more about cookies visit AllAboutCookies.org.
We may in the future use services from Google to measure and analyse visitor information. Any information generated by these cookies about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
We will not use the statistical analytics tools to track or to collect personally identifiable information of visitors to this website. We will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the statistical analytics tools.
To comply with GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, we will ask for your permission to store cookies on your computer.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other websites that are outside of our control and are not covered by this privacy policy.
Share...
Scroll back to top
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. They are...
ADMINDYNSRV
Tracks which server you are communicating with in order to present a consistent user experience and remember information about the data you have entered. Removed at the end of the browser session.
DYNSRV
Added by the website load balancer to manage server traffic demand. Its purpose is to improve the performance of the website. Removed at the end of the browser session.
moove_gdpr_popup
Set by the cookie consent plugin to record that you accept the fact that the site uses cookies. Removed after 1 year.
PHPSESSID
Tracks your movement around the website, so that it knows you are the same person requesting each page and not a new visitor. Does not identify you personally and is not linked to any other stored information. Removed at the end of the browser session.
wordpress_logged_in_#
Set by WordPress to indicate when an admin user is logged in. Removed at the end of the browser session.
wordpress_sec_#
Set by WordPress on the admin pages only to store admin users' log-in details. Removed at the end of the browser session.
wordpress_test_cookie
Set by WordPress when the login page is accessed, to determine whether the web browser is set to allow or reject cookies. Removed at the end of the browser session.
wp-settings-#
wp-settings-time-#
Set by WordPress to customize admin users' view of the admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. Removed after 1 year.
disable
If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy.
Enable All
Save Changes