https://www.jfsla.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Thanks to all who attended the Virtual Volunteer Appreciation Bunch. For those of you who could not attend, click here to watch now!
×
close mobile nav
Our Services
Locations
Support Our Work
About Us
SEARCH
submit search
facebook_black
Created with Sketch.
Instagram_black
Created with Sketch.
DONATE NOW
Donor Privacy Policy
Jewish Family Service of Los Angeles (JFS) is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. JFS does not sell or share donor lists with external parties, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Donors who supply JFS with their postal addresses or email addresses may be contacted periodically for solicitation purposes and/or with information regarding upcoming events.  If a donor does not wish to receive such communications, they may let us know at any time by contacting our office by phone, mail, or e-mail.
Website Privacy Policy
Jewish Family Service of Los Angeles is committed to protecting your privacy and your personal information provided to us through www.jfsla.org.
JFS only collects information via its web site that is voluntarily submitted related to employment, volunteer and internship opportunities, and requests for information about JFS programs and services. Such information may include name, postal and e-mail address, and phone and fax numbers.
We make reasonable efforts to keep the information you submit confidential. Information collected via the website is not shared outside the Agency, and is used internally by those involved in hiring and referring clients for programs and services. Requests, inquiries or comments/concerns sent via the website are directed to the appropriate JFS individual or program.
Keeping this personal information secure is a top priority for us. Personal information is private and confidential; accordingly, the information provided is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated employees.
We use email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses or other personally identifiable information are not shared with third parties or used for unsolicited communications.
This website contains links to other sites. The fact that JFS has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or its providers. We encourage you to thoroughly review the privacy practices of any web site you visit before disclosing personal information on that site.
Jewish Family Service of Los Angeles reserves the right to change our privacy policy at any time. If we make any significant changes in the way we use your personal information, we will amend the information on this page which should be checked periodically.
Need help and don’t know where to start?
Call: (877) 275-4537