http://www.yumafoodbank.org/privacy-policy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
When you visit our site, we collect some non-identifying basic information. This includes total number of visitors, pages viewed and other non-identifying information. We use this aggregate information to improve our site and to make your experience on our web site as smooth as possible.
Donations and purchases made online to us are processed through a third party secure network connection. When you make a donation online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address and credit card information. We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data. We use your mailing address to send you a financial receipt. Your phone number is used only to contact you if we need to verify your order information. We do not use your phone number to conduct telephone solicitations.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child without consent from the child's parent(s). Children under the age of 13 should obtain parental consent before ordering from our site.
Do we share your information?We do not share your personal information with any third party. It is our policy not to sell, trade, or rent your personal information to anyone.
We do not share your information with telemarketing centers. We do not use telephone marketing to solicit donations. Your phone number is used only to contact you if we need to verify order information and occasionally to thank you for your contribution.
We use a third-party financial institution to process credit card transactions. They receive the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment.
Our online credit card verification is handled by a third party, which collects your name, address, phone, credit card number and expiration date in order to process your transaction. Their encryption technology offers the highest level of security available on the Internet today. They have state-of-the-art firewalls and other security technology in place to ensure the confidentiality of your transaction.
How do you contact us regarding your information?Please call 928-343-1243
Can you make an anonymous donation?Yes. You can make an anonymous donation simply by sending a money order to us at the address above. If you do not provide your name and address we will be unable to send you a receipt for tax purposes.
With Every Dollar Donated it generates over 11 Meals for hungry families of Yuma.