https://www.aleksic.biz/privacy-policy/
.. Loading ..
Call Us:
+381 11 242 25 72
Our Address:
4 Internacionalnih brigada Street, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia
Home
About us
Corporate & Commercial
Intellectual Property
Our References
Contact Us
Home
About us
Corporate & Commercial
Intellectual Property
Our References
Contact Us
Home
About us
Corporate & Commercial
Intellectual Property
Our References
Contact Us
HomePrivacy Policy
Search
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://www.aleksic.biz.
At Aleksic.biz, accessible from https://www.aleksic.biz one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by aleksic.biz and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at info@aleksic.biz
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
Aleksic.biz legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
Aleksic.biz needs to perform a contract with youYou have given Aleksic.biz permission to do so Processing your personal information is in Aleksic.biz legitimate interests Aleksic.biz needs to comply with the law
Aleksic.biz will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. The right of rectification. The right to object. The right of restriction. The right to data portability The right to withdraw consent
Log Files
Aleksic.biz follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Aleksic.biz.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on website.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Aleksic.biz has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Aleksic.biz’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Aleksic.biz does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
Our Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in website.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on “HTTP Cookies”.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us on email address.
Email: info@aleksic.biz
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Call us
+381 11 242 25 72
Send us an email
info@aleksic.biz
Visit us
4 Internacionalnih brigada Street, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia
Aleksic.biz © 2020 Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy