http://www.cookmuseumwhitby.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, including for customer service, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Contact Form
We use a third party service, Cognito Forms, to provide the contact form on this website. Data we collect through our form is saved on Cognito servers, in the USA and is subject to their operating policies. The Cognito privacy policy can be viewed here: https://www.cognitoforms.com/legal/privacy
We use your information provided solely to reply to the type of enquiry received. Cognito Forms aside, we do not pass on or sell your data to third parties, unless legally requested to do so.
Cognito Forms does share some data with third parties, "We share information with authorized third parties to provide form building services, and with authorities to reduce crime and abuse." You can learn more here: https://www.cognitoforms.com/legal/privacy#authorized-third-parties
Microsoft Azure
This website is hosted on Microsoft Azure and some functional cookies will be set. All customer data, and the servers that process this data, are securely managed by Microsoft Azure, geo-replicated in real time to multiple datacenters in the EUROPE region. Microsoft Azure has more security certifications than any other cloud provider. You can learn about these security measures in the Microsoft Azure Trust Center.
SSL
This website is delivered across SSL (https protocol) ensuring secure connections between the web server and client browsers.
Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above."
Cookies are used for anyone logging into the administration areas. By logging into our site you hereby give permission for such cookies to be set.
Microsoft Azure and Cognito Forms will both set cookies to enable correct functioning of their hosting and service.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@cookmuseumwhitby.co.uk.
Our site uses cookies to optimise performance and perform key functionality. Details can be found in our Privacy Policy.
We'd like to utilise Google Analytics to help us further analyse our site and its content. Please click Accept All if you consent to this.
Accept All or Reject Tracking Cookies