https://www.nab.org/about/privacy.asp
Home
Who We Are
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the National Association of Broadcasters.
Our postal address is:
National Association of Broadcasters
1 M Street SE
Washington DC 20003
Email
Phone: (202) 429-5300
Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the user's domain name, operating system and web browser version, but not the email address.
Throughout the website we do ask you to voluntarily supply information to NAB. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, used to notify users about updates to our website and used by us to contact users for marketing purposes and NAB advocacy campaigns. We also store data related to the pages individuals visit on the site and the actions they take, such as those individuals who email a letter to Congress.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email to us. If you supply us with your postal address for advocacy purposes, it is used exclusively to match you with your elected representatives for the purposes of an advocacy campaign. Your address will not be sold or shared for any purpose and will be used only as it relates to NAB advocacy campaigns. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding products, services, upcoming events or advocacy campaigns.
If you register for or inquire about an NAB convention or seminar online, including the Personal Online Scheduler, you may receive periodic mailings, faxes or emails from us on new products and services or upcoming events. We may also share the information you have provided us with others for convention related purposes. If you do not wish us to share that information, please check the box provided for that purpose when completing the registration form.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. NAB may use cookies in order to collect certain information about you, such as IP addresses (e.g., whether you are logged on from a .com, .gov or .edu domain), domain names (the internet address of a computer) and the type of computer and operating system being used. NAB may also use cookies to identify your computer when you revisit our website, to recall your authentication information or to track statistical information related to navigation throughout website. NAB may collect such information in order to better operate the website so as to enhance your experience while using the website and to share with contractors and/or affiliates to provide you with a more personalized visit to the website.
Email
NAB does not sell email addresses. NAB will not share its list(s) of email addresses with third parties, except when asked to do so by law, regulation or government request or on a restricted basis with members, affiliates and NAB contractors fulfilling obligations directly related to NAB activities or similar NAB advocacy campaigns.
We may contact you by email to confirm purchases from the NAB Store, enrollment to services, with information and updates related to NAB advocacy campaigns or to check the accuracy of the information you provide. We may also send you notices about special offers, new products, services, promotions and other similar information. You can opt in or opt out (unsubscribe) of our email lists via hyperlinks in our email messages.
Information Security
NAB uses reasonable security measures to safeguard information concerning, and submitted by, visitors to our websites. Despite the security measures employed by NAB, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee absolute security with respect to information sent through the Internet.
NAB does not process credit card payments, and as such credit card information is not stored on NAB servers.
This site does not target anyone under 18. If you're under 18, please do not submit any personal information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
NAB reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of this website shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) - Additional Notice for European Residents
NAB recognizes that the European Economic Area (EEA) has established strict protections regarding the handling of EEA personally identifiable information, in particular the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In recognition of the importance of GDPR, NAB has adopted the following GDPR Data Processing Policy.
This policy is intended to ensure that you understand the following: (a) the entity that is collecting your personal data; (b) the purposes for which your personal data is collected; (c) how and why your personal data will be used; (d) the period during which your data will be retained and (e) how you can contact NAB regarding your data.
The following additional information applies to residents of the EU and other areas affected by GDPR who visit NAB’s website:
NAB processes data for the purposes as set forth in our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy that includes information on how NAB uses cookies.
We may process personal data, either with your affirmative consent and when engaging in business transactions, commerce, ensuring network security, marketing and complying with industry practices. NAB may also disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by courts and other public authorities.
Those areas governed by GDPR have the following rights:
To request and receive a copy of the personal data we have collected about you, please contact us at gdpr@nab.org.
To request that we correct or delete any of your personal data that is either incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated.
To object, at any time, to personal data about you being used for marketing purposes.
To request restriction of using personal data you consider to be inaccurate or otherwise.
To withdraw your consent at any time.
NAB processes data based on (a) consent of the user (opting-in) and (b) the necessity of the data for providing the services from users utilizing NAB’s websites. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ENGAGE WITH THE NAB WEBSITES.
RELATED INFORMATION
2019 Year in Review
NAB Member Handbook
National Association of Broadcasters
1 M Street SE
Washington, D.C. 20003
202 429 5300 | nab@nab.org
© 2020 National Association of Broadcasters Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Connect With Us