http://www.creationevidence.org/policies.php
Donate
Location
Contact Us
Mailing Address
PO Box 309
Glen Rose, TX 76043
Phone
254-897-3200
Email
Contact Information
Location Address
3102 FM 205
Glen Rose, TX 76043
Thank you for considering a donation to the Creation Evidence Museum.
Information about donations
Contact Information
Dino Digs
Books & DVDs
Web Cast Videos
Creation In Symphony Videos Now Online
Watch the entire video series on our YouTube Channel
Noah's Ark Replica
Dramatic 25 Foot Detailed Replica
Biosphere Project
Re-creating What It Was Like Before Noah's Flood
Visit Us
Displays, Location & Visitor Info.
Visitor Info. - Hours & Admission
Location & Contact Info.
Museum Displays
Public Excavations
About Us
History & Director
History of the Museum
Director's Bio.
Excavations
Calendar
Events & Lectures
Biblical
Principles & Learning
What Does My Creator Think of Me
Does God Exist
Scriptural Universe Model
Evidence
Scientific Evidence for Creation
Creation Model
Crystaline Canopy Theory Paper
What's New
Recent Events & News
Policies
Ethical Use Policy
Nothing in our website may be reprinted or reproduced for other websites
and media in whole or in part beyond these guidelines without obtaining
permission from CEM.
This applies to the website pages, content,
graphics, audio and video, etc.
Guidelines:
1.	 You may print out pages in whole as evangelistic tools for churches,
schools, etc.
Our copyright notice and website address (© 2014 by CEM.
All Rights Reserved. www.creationevidence.org)
must be included with no exceptions.
2.	 You may quote, rephrase and summarize our information for
non-commercial, educational use provided you reference our website each
time our information is used.
If you plagiarize content from someone else’s work, you are “defrauding”
that person.
Please be careful to follow these guidelines that will
allow you to use well-documented information in your own ministry, while
showing respect and courtesy due the original author.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Creation Evidence Museum will not offer, or provide, any information
about you to any outside organization.
CEM does not automatically place anyone on our mailing list who orders
from our online store.
We ask for your email so that we may contact you
if there is a problem processing your order or request.
ABOUT THE MUSEUM
The Creation Evidence Museum
of Texas is a 501(c)3 non-profit
educational museum chartered
in Texas for the purpose
of researching and displaying
scientific evidence for creation.
VISITOR INFO.
3102 FM 205
Glen Rose, Texas 76043
Phone: 254-897-3200
Location Map
HOURS
Thursday - Saturday
10am - 4pm
ADMISSION
$6 Per Person
FREE - Children 5 & Under
FREE -
Active Duty Military
Use & Privacy Policy  |  Site Map
All contents © 2013 Creation Evidence Museum of Texas. All rights reserved. Please note that any use of content downloaded or printed from this site is limited to
non-commercial personal or educational use, including “fair use” as defined by U.S. copyright laws.
At the current time the museum does not have the staff necessary to support answering general questions through emails. The contact link below should only be used for the purpose of contacting our web developer about issues with the web site. Please call us during our normal business hours for assitance.Thank You,Museum Staff
Contact Web Developer
The Creation Evidence Museum of Texas is a 501(c)3 non-profit educational museum. The Museum is funded solely by contributions from individuals or groups wishing to see the truth of creation made known. Thank you for your generosity. Your gift to The Creation Evidence Museum of Texas is greatly appreciated. For more information about donating to the museum please visit our Donations Page.
Three Ways to Donate
Call 254-897-3200
Mail your contribution to: P.O. Box 309, Glen Rose, TX 76043