https://www.w-z-o.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The main intent of the GDPR is to give individuals more control over their personal data, impose stricter rules to companies handling it and make sure companies embrace new technology to process the influx of data produced.
This new directive has clearly been created acknowledging that people produce much more sensitive data than they have ever before.
Managing data on a large scale can be risky for organisations if they do not plan out an appropriate strategy and update their systems to handle the influx.
Information Requests under GDPR
You have a right to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data
You have a right to ask us to stop processing your personal data, and if it’s not necessary for the purpose you provided it, we will do so.
Please contact us at any time if you have any concerns.
You have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you want to access your information, please send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by email to membership@w-z-o.org or write to The President, World Zoroastrian Organisation, 11 Beeches Wood, Kingswood, Tadworth, Surrey KT20 6PR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Regulation which came into effect on 28 May 2018 and applies to All organisations.
WZO Privacy Policy
WZO understands and respects the importance of your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information.
In providing our service to our paid members, we have obtained personal information from you and this policy outlines how we treat your personal data after it has been entered in our secured Database.
The information we hold of our Members, Donors and Friends of WZO:
Names and Contact Address details
Telephone number, Date of Birth and Email Address
Children’s Data
We only hold children’s data for families who have enrolled for Family Membership which is provided by the primary family member.
After the age of 18 the child ceases to be a family member unless he/she remains in higher education till the age of 25.
You are responsible for ensuring that other members of your family are aware of the content of this Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us.
Please note we do not collect or obtain members information from websites, social media or any other list or directories apart, apart from data supplied to us on a membership form by yourself.
What we do with Information on our Members and Donors Database
For internal record keeping (ie reminder for membership renewals, record updates)
We will also use your details to send you notifications and communicate with you generally and of our primary charitable activities and work. (ie Donation Acknowledgement, Receipts,
Gift Aid forms, Appeals, Events, AGM, etc)
We will only contact you using the details you provide for reasons directly relating to our charitable and community activities
We may need to disclose your information where required by law, where such a request is made by a legal authority.
We will investigate any Data Breaches reported to us.
Please note that we do not share, disclose or sell your personal information to third parties
Updates
You may notify us of any updates, amendments and corrections to previously submitted Information.
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you may ask us in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in your information.
We aim to respond to you within 21 days from the date of request.
Emails and Mailers:
The content of the emails that WZO sends is confidential and intended for the recipient specified in the email/ document/message only.
It is strictly forbidden to share any part of email/document/message with any third party, without the written consent of WZO.
If you received any email/ document/message sent by WZO by mistake, please reply to the email/document/message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does
not occur in the future.
The email/document/message that WZO sends is part of discussion between The World Zoroastrian Organisation and the addressee whose name is specified in the email/document/message.
Should you receive any email/ document/message by mistake, we would be most grateful if you informed us that the email/ document/message has been sent to you.
In this case, we also ask that you delete this email/ document/message from your mailbox, and do not forward it or any part of it to anyone else.
Thank you for your cooperation and understanding.
External links
Please note that our website contains certain literature and hyperlinks to websites owned by third parties.
This privacy statement covers websites owned and controlled by us only.
Links to other websites and any information collected by these sites are not covered by this privacy statement.
Important Note
We have taken all reasonable steps to have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information.
Outside the European Economic Area, controls on data protection may not be as wide as the legal requirements in this country.
The transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure.
We also use iThemes Security Pro plugin to monitor and enhance
our security commitments.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time and you should check these regularly.
Your use of the WZO website will be deemed an acceptance of the privacy policy existing at that time.
Contact Details
If you do not agree to our use of the information as set out above, you should inform us as soon as possible by email:
membership@w-z-o.org or by writing to us at The President, World Zoroastrian Organisation, 11 Beeches Wood, Kingswood, Tadworth, Surrey KT20 6PR
Site Designed and Maintained by
TLC Online
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you