http://www.swi.org/privacy-and-security-policy/
Home
About
Vision Statement
Statement of Faith
FAQs
Financial Accountability
Through Kevin’s Eyes
Blog
Radio Interviews
Featured Articles
Biography
Media
Photos
Videos
Dart Training
Frontline Outfitters
Support SWI
Contact
2 Corinthians 5:15TwitterFacebookMail
Privacy and Security Policy Home » Privacy and Security Policy
Strategic World Impact Internet Site Privacy Policy
Strategic World Impact uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of website visitors, donors and registered guests. SWI does not engage in telemarketing.
We do not and will not rent, sell, or otherwise provide contact or credit card information to any third party without the specific consent of the indivdual or except as required by law. We will operate with the utmost integrity according to Biblical values with regard to contacting potential friends and donors through our various mailing lists.
Website users should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the SWI website through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small text files used by websites to recognize repeat users, to facilitate the users’ ongoing access to and use of the site, and to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data. SWI uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information in an effort to improve the online experience of site visitors, donors and guests. There is a simple procedure in most browsers to allow individual users to choose whether or not their computer will accept cookies.
All visitors to the Strategic World Impact website are given the ability to opt out of receiving email and other information from SWI at any time. The SWI website does contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Strategic World Impact is not responsible for the privacy practice of other sites.
If you have any other questions or concerns regarding the privacy or security of this site, please contact us.
Revised May 2006
Get Hooked Up
Follow Us1SAMUEL 17:22
© 2018 Strategic World Impact      --      Privacy Policy      --      Blog Archive      --      Sitemap