http://www.gideons.org.au/faqs/privacy-policy
Search...
HomeGet InvolvedPray with the GideonsBecome a Gideon memberBecome a Friend of The GideonsDonate to the GideonsKnow Jesus as your SaviourKnow Jesus as your SaviourRead the Bible in a year"Helps" and other resourcesWe Can Help YouBibles for distributionBibles for Accommodation VenuesBible for youSpeak at my churchFrequently Asked QuestionsAbout UsAbout UsLives ChangedEventsContact UsNewsAustraliaInternational
You are here: Home
FAQs
Privacy policy
Bibles for distributionBibles for hotelsBible for youSpeak at my churchFAQsHow to use this websiteTerms of usePrivacy policy
Privacy PolicyYour acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy
Our obligations under the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012 is to comply with the Australian Privacy Principle 1.4 which requires us to set out our policies on the management of personal information in a clearly expressed document which is free of charge to anyone who asks for it.
Without limiting the generality of the above statement, your use of this website constitutes an acknowledgement that you have been made aware of our privacy policy.
We respect your personal information and your right to privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes the information that may be collected by the Association and how we protect your personal information.
Should there be, in any specific case, any inconsistency between this statement and the Act, this statement shall be interpreted, in respect of that case, to give effect to, and comply with the legislation.
The kind of Personal Information we collect and hold
Personal information means information we hold about you from which your identity is either apparent or can be reasonably determined.
We may collect non-personal information from you such as browser type, operating system, and web pages visited to help us manage our website.
How we collect and hold Personal Information
We use cookies and other internet technologies to manage our website and certain online products and services.  We do not use these technologies to collect or store personal information unless you have opted in to such a feature.
Our internet server logs the following information which is provided by your browser for statistical purposes only:
The type of browser and operating system you are using
Your Internet Service Provider and top level domain name
The address of any referring web site; and
Your computer’s IP address.
All this information is used by Association for aggregated statistical analyses or systems administration purposes only.  No attempt will be made to identify users of their browsing activities of all users, except where required by or under law.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a packet of information that allows the Association server to identify and interact more effectively with your computer.
When you access our web site, we send you a temporary or “session cookie” that gives you a unique identification number.  A different identification number is sent each time you use our website.  Cookies do not identify individual users, although they do identify a user’s internet browser type and your Internet Service Provider.  Shortly after you end your interaction with our web site, the cookie expires.  This means it no longer exists on your computer and therefore cannot be used for further identification or access to your computer.
Without cookies certain personalised services cannot be provided to users of our website, accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Association website features if cookies have been disabled.
Links to other sites
The Association site may contain links to other sites.  We are ultimately not responsible for the privacy practises or the content of such web sites.  We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies on those websites prior to providing any information to them.
Searches
Search terms that you enter when using our search engine are collected, but are not associated with any other information that we collect.
The purposes for which we collect, hold, use, and disclose Personal Information
We use personal information you provide only for purposes consistent with the reason you provided it, or for a directly related purpose.  Generally we will not use your personal information to market to you unless we have either your implied or express consent but in situations where it is impractical to obtain your prior consent, we will ensure you have an ability to opt out of such future communications.
We do not share your personal information with other organisations unless you give us your express consent, or where sharing is otherwise required or permitted by law, or where this is necessary on a temporary basis to enable our contractors to perform specific functions.
Generally, the Association will collect personal information directly from you, and only to the extent necessary to provide an Association product or service, or to carry out our internal administrative operations.
We may collect personal information from you when:
You fill in an application form;
Deal with us over the telephone;
E-mail us;
Ask us to contact you after visiting our web site; or
Have contact with us in person.
You may also be able to transact with us anonymously where this is lawful and practicable.
We will collect personal information from you by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way.
We will use your personal information only for the particular purpose that you provided it, or for a directly related purpose.  We may otherwise use your personal information where that other use is:
Required or permitted by law; or
With your express or implied consent.
Direct Marketing and your privacy
From time to time we may use the personal information we collect from you to identify particular Association products and services which we believe may be of interest to you.  We may then contact you to let you know about these products and services and how they may benefit you.  We will generally only do this with your consent and we will always give you a choice to opt out of receiving such information in the future.
Direct mail
Where we use your personal information to send you marketing information via the post we may do so with your implied consent or, if this is impracticable, we will ensure that you are provided with an opportunity to tick an “opt out” box to ensure you do not receive such future communications.  By not ticking a clearly displayed “opt out” box, we will assume we have your implied consent to receive similar marketing communications in the future.
Electronic marketing
Where we use your personal information to send you marketing information by e-mail, SMS, MMS or other electronic means we may do so with your express or implied consent.  You may give us your express consent by, for example, ticking a box on an electronic or paper form where we seek your permission to send you electronic or other marketing information. Consent may be implied from our existing business relationship or where you have directly or indirectly provided us with your electronic address.
Your privacy preferences and choices
Every personalised marketing contact sent or made by the Association will include a means by which customers may opt out of receiving further marketing information.  You may instruct us at any time to remove any previous consent you provided to receive marketing communications from us.
Information sharing
We have a strict duty to maintain the privacy of all personal information we hold about you.  However, certain exceptions do apply.  For example, where disclosure of your personal information is:
Authorised or required by law, e.g. disclosure to various government departments and agencies such as the Australian Taxation Office, Centrelink, Child Support Agency or disclosure to courts under subpoena.
In the public interest, e.g. where a crime, fraud or misdemeanour is committed or suspected, and disclosure against the customer’s rights to confidentiality is justified.
With your consent, this may be implied or express, verbal or written.
Use of third party service providers
When we temporarily provide personal information to companies who perform services for us, such as specialist information technology companies, mail houses or other contractors to the Association we require those companies to protect your personal information as diligently as we do.
Updating your information
It is inevitable that some personal information which we hold will become out of date.  We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information which we hold remains accurate and, if you advise us of a change of details, we will amend our records accordingly.
Access to your Personal Information
The Association will, upon your request, and subject to applicable privacy laws, provide you with access to your personal information that is held by us.  However, we ask that you identify, as clearly as possible, the type/s of information requested.
The Association will deal with your request to provide access to your personal information in a reasonable time of receipt of your request.
The Association will not charge you for lodging such a request but we may recover from you our reasonable costs incurred in supplying you with access to this information.
Exceptions
Your right to access your personal information is not absolute.  In certain circumstances, the law permits us to refuse your request to provide you with access to your personal information, such as circumstances where:
Access would pose a serious threat to the life or health of any individual;
Access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy or others;
The request is frivolous or vexatious;
The information relates to a commercially sensitive decision making process;
Access would be unlawful; or
Access may prejudice enforcement activities, a security function or commercial negotiations.
Freedom of Information laws
In addition to privacy laws, you may have rights to access your personal information contained in certain Association documents.  Details on how to apply for access to these documents are contained in the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (FOI Act).
Complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles
The Association is committed to working with its customers to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.
To contact us with a compliment or complaint or a privacy question, you can:
Write to us at: The Gideons International Inc., 33 Colbeck Street, Mawson ACT 2607
Call our customer contact centre on 1800 061 566
Disclosure of Personal Information to overseas recipients
If the Association transfers personal information to countries outside Australia, we will only do so in compliance with all applicable Australian data protection and privacy laws.  The Association will take reasonable steps to protect personal information no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to.  We have procedures and data transfer contracts as appropriate to help ensure this.  The country in which such recipients are likely to be located is the United States of America.