http://www.pfox.org/terms/
About Us
PFOX Leadership
What We Do
Frequently Asked Questions
Ex-Gays
News & Blog
Blog Posts
News Alerts / Press
Archives
Take Action
Help and Referrals
Join or Start A Group
Invite an EX-Gay speaker to your school or church
Download and Share
Donate
Resources
Same Sex Attraction
Transgender / Gender Identity
Parents and Friends
Students and Schools
Pastors and Churches
Policymakers and Government Officials
General Resources
Personal Stories
Contact Us
Terms
Terms
Privacy Statement
We do not sell or rent donor information to anyone, whether it is your personal information or the fact that you are a donor.
Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) restricts access to personal information about donors to those who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you or your family.
We collect and use information necessary to administer our business and provide donors with customer service. We collect and maintain the following types of nonpublic personal information needed for these purposes:
Information we receive from you on your orders.
Information we receive from you in letters, telephone calls, e-mails, visits to our office, etc.
Information we may receive from you when you visit our Internet Web site.
Information we may receive from other third parties.
We may disclose certain information about you without your prior permission with persons or companies that are not affiliates of Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) as permitted by law for purposes such as:
To your attorney, trustee, or anyone else who represents you or has a legal interest in your transactions with us.
To our attorneys, accountants, and auditors.
To law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities to report suspected illegal activities.
To others as permitted or required by law.
Like most web sites, PFOX-related sites may also collect information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and e-mail address, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit.
PFOX will use your contact information to provide information via mail or email that we think may be of particular interest to you.  You are free to opt out of communication from us at any time by using an unsubscribe function provided at the end of each message or by sending an email to info@pfox.org.
By using this site and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Policy, your only remedy is to discontinue use of this site and services. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change our policy, we will post those changes on our site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your continued use of any portion of the site following the posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes. Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You should always exercise caution whenever disclosing information online.
Terms and Conditions — User Agreement
Your access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and using this site, you accept the following terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification. IF YOU DO NOT FULLY AGREE TO THIS USER AGREEMENT AND DISCLAIMER, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SITE.
We will not be responsible or liable for any damages or injuries caused by use of and access to our website (including data transmissions, omissions, or misstatements). We also do not guarantee any information, service, organization, link, or merchandise provided on or through the website.
Though every attempt is made for accuracy, information specified in or accessible through the website may not be fully complete or accurate. PFOX cannot and does not endorse or represent the reliability or accuracy of any of the content, services or information distributed through or accessed from the website. You hereby agree that your reliance upon any content or information distributed through or accessed from the website is at your sole risk.
We assume no responsibility or liability arising from the postings, transmission, content or information on the site, or from any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, or inaccuracy contained in any postings, transmissions, information, or content on the site.
Unless otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX). These materials are protected by U.S. copyright.  PFOX reserves all rights under United States and international laws.  All trademarks used or referred to in this website are the property of their respective owners. Materials with copyright not held by Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) must be handled through their respective owners.
Materials may be reproduced for incidental, noncommercial church, home, or educational use with the exception of Web site use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the copyright owner reserves sole discretion and right to deny, revoke, or limit use, including reproduction. Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) or any third party.
This site and all of its contents are provided “as is” and Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to this site or any site or service accessible through this site. Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) expressly disclaims all warranties and conditions including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no event will Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data) without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this site, any content on or accessed through this site or any site service linked to, or any copying, displaying, or use thereof.
You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any information submitted by you through this site shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit such information and agree that you will not submit any information unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider confidential.
Any material or communication you transmit to the website by (Secured) Hypertext Transfer Protocol, File Transfer Protocol, or electronic mail or otherwise, including any questions, suggestions, comments, data or the like is nonproprietary and non-confidential, except to the extent specified in our policy. Anything you knowingly or unknowingly transmit or post becomes our property or the property of our affiliates and may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, posting, disclosure, reproduction, publication, broadcast, and transmission. Additionally, we may use any concepts, ideas, or techniques contained in any data you send to the website for any reason or purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing and marketing services or products using such data.
We will not be responsible or liable for any incidental, consequential, direct, indirect or punitive damages or injuries, including, but not limited to, omissions, errors, mistakes, delays in transmission, typographical errors, deletion of files, and delays in operation, your reliance on or use of any service, information, or merchandise provided on or through the website, or any failure of performance arising out of or caused by access to or use of any information or content contained in or on the website, the content of any website, or websites hyperlinked to the website, even if we are negligent and/or have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The website may hyperlink to sites not maintained or related to PFOX. Hyperlinks are provided as a convenience/service to you and are not affiliated with, or endorsed, approved or sponsored by the website or PFOX. We have not reviewed any or all of the sites hyperlinked to or from this website and are not responsible for the content of any other websites. The links are to be accessed at your own risk, and we make no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of these links or the websites these hyperlinks point to.
The reference materials and information contained in the website are intended only for your personal information. By entering and interacting with the website, you agree to hold us and our affiliates harmless and not responsible for the data/content distributed by the website. We make no representations or warranties about the completeness or accuracy of the website’s content or the information or other material found on or in the website. We do not purport to review the accuracy of information and other materials available on the website. Appropriate precautions should be taken to verify all such information. We also are not liable for typographical errors, layout error or misinformation, omissions, technical inaccuracies, or other errors contained in the site.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold PFOX, and PFOX affiliate companies, employees, directors, officers, agents, material or communication providers, and internet service providers harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, claims, expenses, and damage awards, including, but not limited to attorneys’ fees, that arise from any claim, action, or demand, by your use of or in connection with submission, transmission, posting, broadcast, or other communication with or to the website.
The User Agreement set forth in the website is governed and interpreted under the laws of the United States of America and the State of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflicts of laws provisions. If any portion of the User Agreement is deemed unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. PFOX can, at its sole discretion, replace or amend such provisions with another provision.
If you attempt to bring any legal proceedings against Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX), you specifically acknowledge that Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays & Gays (PFOX) is free to choose the jurisdiction of our preference as to where such action against us may be held. As you have agreed by using this site, we can make this decision entirely as it suits us, without regard to where in the world you are located, or from where in the world you visited this site.
The User Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the site and any materials, communications, transmissions, or posting to the site. We reserve the right to revise the User Agreement at any time by updating this posting. You agree to be bound by any such revisions, and you should periodically read and review the User Agreement.
Charitable donations to PFOX, a 501(c)(3) organization, are nonrefundable.
Hot Off the Press!
Newsletters, Videos, & Press Releases
Setting the Record Straight on the Science
Www.pfox.org
PFOX videos
Www.pfox.org
What's behind a rise in HIV? Craigslist hookups, U prof finds | Star Tribune
Www.pfox.org
Family Research Council
Healing Weekends | comingoutloved
Stoplight: Christian. Conservative. American. | CitizenLink
Mary Cheney: Why is drag 'socially acceptable' and blackface isn't? - CNN.com
Www.pfox.org
Www.pfox.org
Voices-of-Change
Www.pfox.org
Www.pfox.org
The Daily Caller
Www.pfox.org
Andrew Comiskey | Blog | Founder Desert Stream / Living Waters
Www.pfox.org
The (Sexual Revolutionary) Beat Goes On |Blogs | NCRegister.com
Sign Up For PFOX Emails