http://www.dilanchian.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Dilanchian Lawyers
Toggle navigation
Team
Our Team
Noric Dilanchian
Rosana She
Ai Ling
Firm Profile
Careers
Blog
Expertise
Our Expertise
Tech Ventures: Structuring, Capital & Commercialisation
Intellectual Property Protection & Commercialisation
Contract Drafting & Review
Trade Marks Strategy & Registration
Demand Letter Drafting & Review
Go
Privacy Policy
Dilanchian
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to ensure your personal information is protected.
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites and mobile applications ("Digital Applications") of Dilanchian Lawyers & Consultants A.B.N. 13 080 417 844 ("Dilanchian", “we”, “our” or “us”), and any entities in the Dilanchian Group and to its related applications, MMS, SMS, instant messaging, social media and other communications platforms and services.
At any time the Privacy Policy in force is published on the Digital Applications and is applicable to related services. By using the Digital Applications you agree to the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the Privacy Policy in force from time to time, do not access, use, register as a member, submit information to, upload or download from the Digital Applications.
As overviewed in this Privacy Policy, we collect only personal information that is needed for the Digital Applications and we tell you in this Privacy Policy how we use your personal information. When you use the Digital Applications and any related services, we collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other access device.
1. How We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information about users of the Digital Applications and related services. This information is either collected by us or submitted or shared by users of the Digital Applications and related services.
The information sent to us includes data on the pages you access, your computer IP address, device identifiers, the type of operating system you’re using, your location, mobile network information, and standard web log data. Standard web log data includes the browser type you’re using and traffic to and from our Digital Applications.
When you download or use our mobile applications, or access one of our mobile optimised sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalised content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device.
In addition, we may collect and store any information you provide us when you use the Digital Applications or related services, including when you add information on a web form, add or update your account information, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolutions, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit reporting agencies and identity verification services.
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (eg Facebook and Twitter). The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site. By associating an account managed by a third party with your account with us and authorising us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. Types of Personal Information We Collect and Hold
We may collect the following types of personal information from you:
contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone numbers, and similar information;
personal information, such as date of birth and educational qualifications;
financial information, such as bank account details and credit card information;
information about your business and personal affairs; and
other information for us to provide legal and related services.
3. How We Use Personal Information
The primary purpose for collecting your personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customised experience. We may use your personal information to:
provide you with client support and our products and services (including events, programs, newsletters, and email updates);
provide information to our network of solicitors, barristers and consultants to assist you and manage your matters;
customise, measure, and improve the content, layout, and operation of the Digital Applications and related services;
contact you using communications technologies and applications you use;
provide to you targeted marketing about our services and promotional offers and the services of our contractors unless and until you opt-out;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions;
confirm your identity for the purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth) and assess applications or creditworthiness for premier or business accounts or products and services offered to premier or business accounts with third parties;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
detect, prevent or resolve violations of policies or applicable user agreements; and
manage our risks and help detect, prevent, and/or remediate fraud or other potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
4. Privacy of Email Addresses
The Digital Applications provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications, usually at the point where we request information about the user.
5. Sale or Disclosure
Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell your personal information. You consent and request for us to provide to you targeted marketing about our services and promotional offers and to use and disclose your personal information for provision of information by our contractors and others unless and until you opt-out.
6. Aggregated Browser Information
We analyse Digital Applications logs to constantly improve service. We use the log information to record various information regarding different sections of the Digital Applications. This helps make the Digital Applications more useful.
7. Cookies
We use cookies. Cookies are pieces of data that a website or email transfers to your computer's hard disk. Cookies can make your use of the web faster and beneficial by storing information about your preferences. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so.
8. Permitted Disclosure
If you become a registered user of any of the Digital Applications, you will be taken to consent to:
your personal data being transferred to and processed in countries where our hosting servers are located;
us using your personal information to check your identity, including to check your status (eg as a member of a defined user group) and for any merchant facility arrangement we have with bankers, their respective related bodies corporate, and their respective officers, employees and agents;
use of your personal information by us and our authorised personnel and service provider contractors; for example, to improve service we may provide your personal information as statistical data to others for research and analysis purposes;
us disclosing your personal information in situations where we reasonably believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering with our rights, either intentionally or unintentionally; and
us disclosing your personal information to law enforcement agencies and others if we in good faith believe we are legally obligated to do so.
9. Disclosure of Personal Information Abroad
We are likely to disclose your personal information to the following countries:
United States;
members states of the European Union;
New Zealand;
Republic of Korea;
People’s Republic of China;
India;
Indonesia;
Malaysia;
Singapore; and
other states in which we or you have business activities.
10. Third Party Use of Personal Information
We are not responsible for the practices or content of other services or sites that are operated by third parties but which are linked to our Digital Applications. If we are linked to third party services or sites, that does not necessarily constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by the Digital Applications of the content, policies or practices of those services or sites. If you leave our Digital Applications via such a link, you should check the privacy policy of the third party site. We may use third parties to manage the Digital Applications and activities from time to time, including, but not limited to, promotions and statistical analysis. These parties may have access to and store the personal information of users of the Digital Applications. Similarly, we may contract with third parties to handle requests for information submitted to us.
11. Business Transfer
If the ownership changes of all or a substantial part of our business, or individual business units, your personal information (including your profile with the Digital Applications) may be transferred to the new owner so the service or the transferred part of it can continue operations. In any such transfer of information, your personal information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy at the time of the transfer and then to the privacy policy of the new owner.
12. Links
The Digital Applications may contain links to sites and applications published by others. We have no control over their privacy practices.
13. Right of Access and Correction
Generally speaking, you may access the personal information the Digital Applications hold about you by sending an email giving full details to our Privacy Officer set out in paragraph 22. Generally, if any of that information is incorrect, you can have that information corrected by sending an email giving full details to that Privacy Officer. If you provide us with your personal information and you later decided that you would no longer like to receive information from us, follow the "unsubscribe" directions at the end of any email or other communication you receive from us.
14. Privacy Policy Continuity
This Privacy Policy may change, so we encourage you to check it from time to time. If we develop a revised privacy policy then on its publication on the Digital Applications it will supersede the one before it.
15. Complaints about Our Privacy Practices
For any complaint about our privacy practices, please provide details to the Privacy Officer, whose contact details are in paragraph 22. We will then respond.
16. Contact Details
For any questions regarding the above Privacy Policy please contact:
Mr Noric Dilanchian
The Privacy Officer
Dilanchian
Suite 302, Level 3, 105 Pitt Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia
Web: http://www.dilanchian.com.au
Phone: (+61 2) 9269 0229
Email: noricd@dilanchian.com.au
Revised: 1 February 2016
About Us
Dilanchian is a business law firm. Contact us for a conversation to discuss your needs. There will be no charge.
After the conversation we’ll suggest next steps.
Latest Blog Posts
Incredible content
May 8, 2014
Best shoots
June 23, 2014
New Terms and Conditions
September 15, 2014
Cue Newsletter
Subscribe to our Cue Newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals!
Contact Us
Suite 302, Level 3, 105 Pitt Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia
Phone: 02 9269 0229
Email: info@dilanchian.com.au
Copyright © 2016 |
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service