http://www.lawbc.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us customize your experience. Find out more about cookies and how you can control them.
This page contains information on what cookies are, the cookies used by Bergeson & Campbell, P.C., The Acta Group, L.L.C., and B&C® Consortia Management, L.L.C. ("us," “we,” “our,” or “Company”) website, how to switch cookies off in your browser, how to specifically switch off advertising cookies, and some useful links for further reading on the subject. If it does not provide the information you were looking for, or you have any further questions about the use of cookies on the Company website, please e-mail privacy@lawbc.com.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. They allow websites to store things including your user preferences. Think of cookies as providing a “memory” for the website, so that it can recognize you when you come back and respond appropriately.
How Do We Use Cookies?
On our Site, you may encounter the following types of cookie:
Site performance cookies;
Anonymous analytics cookies;
Geotargetting cookies;
Registration cookies;
Advertising cookies; and
Third party advertising cookies.
Site Performance Cookies
This type of cookie remembers your preferences for tools found on the Company’s website, so you don’t have to re-set them each time you visit. Examples include:
Volume settings for our video player;
Whether you see new content first; and
Video streaming speeds that are compatible with your browser.
Anonymous Analytics Cookies
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by another organization generates an “anonymous analytics cookie.” These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don’t, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site.
Unless you are signed in to the Site, we cannot use these cookies to identify individuals. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page. If you are logged in, we will also know the details you gave to us for this, such as your username and e-mail address.
Geotargetting Cookies
These cookies are used by software which tries to work out what country you are in from the information supplied by your browser when you click on a web page. This cookie is completely anonymous, and we only use it to help target our content -- such as whether you see a country specific home page -- and advertising.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies allow us to know whether or not you’ve seen a particular ad or a type of advertisement, and how long it is since you’ve seen it. We also use cookies to help us with targeted advertising. We may use cookies set by another organization so we can more accurately target advertising to you. These cookies are anonymous -- they store information about what you are looking at on our site, but not about who you are.
Third Party Advertising Cookies
Some content you see on the Site is provided by other organizations. Some of these organizations use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, and we have no access to read or write these cookies. These organizations may use their cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to the Site.
Other Third Party Cookies
On some pages of our website, other organizations may also set their own anonymous cookies. They do this to track the success of their application, or to customize the application for you. Because of how cookies work, our website cannot access these cookies, nor can the other organization access the data in cookies we use on our website.
How Do I Turn Cookies Off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website. We cannot tell if you are signed in, however, without using cookies so you would not be able to post comments.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site.
You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms for more information: Network Advertising Initiative.
Useful Links
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following links useful:
Microsoft Cookies guide
All About Cookies
The IAB has provided the following website to give information specifically about privacy issues around Internet advertising:
co.uk/uk
For further legal information about privacy issues, you may find these links useful:
Data Protection Act 1998
The Information Commissioner’s Office
If you would like to contact us about cookies please e-mail us: privacy@lawbc.com.
Please allow cookies
Below is a list of the cookies we use.
First PartyCookies set by the content management software we use to run and update our site.
Cookie Name
Description
Expiration
exp_last_visit
Sets the datetime that the user last visited the site, and is set for both guests and logged in users. If not set, is automatically set to 10 years ago. Affects guests and logged in users.
1 Year
exp_tracker
Tracks the last 5 pages viewed by the user, and is used primarily for redirection after logging in etc. Affects guests and logged in users.
End of session
exp_last_activity
Every time the state is updated (the page reloaded) the last activity is set to the current datetime. Used to determine expiry. This is essential for logged in users, but not for guests - it is set for both.
1 Year
exp_sessionid
A uniquely generated ID that corresponds to the session_id column in the exp_session table. Used when cookie and session are set as the session type. Used only for logged in members.
1 Hour
exp_expiration
Determines the length of the session for a logged in user. There are two options for this cookie: if the user has selected remember me then it is set to 1 year, and if not then it's set to the datetime that the user logged in. Used only for logged in members.
1 Hour
Third Party
Google Analytics: Cookies set by Google Analytics to help us monitor visits to our site.
For more information click here.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Cookie Name
Description
Expiration
__utma
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 Years
__utmt
Used to throttle request rate.
10 minutes
__utmb
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
30 Minutes
__utmc
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
End of session
__utmz
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 Months
__utmv
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 Years
Third PartyAddThis: Cookies set by AddThis to allow users to share content via social media.
For more information, click here.
Cookie Name
Description
Expiration
__atuvc
Measures how often an AddThis user is seen
2 Years
__atuvs
Records user sharing and social activity
1 Hour
uid
Uniquely assigned machine-generated user ID
2 Years
di/dt
Maintenance cookies that help manage expiration for other cookies
bt
User interest modeling
8 Months
uvc
Measures how often we see an AddThis user
2 Years
ssc/psc/uvc
These cookies are used in recording user sharing and social activity
loc
Geolocation, used to help publishers know approximately where people sharing information are located. (State level)
2 Years
BERGESON & CAMPBELL, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 100WWashington, D.C.
20037
202-557-3800 •&nbsp202-557-3836 (fax) | lawbc.com
Contact • Twitter
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Cookie Policy | Attorney Advertising | Trademarks
©2020 Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
All Rights Reserved.
BERGESON & CAMPBELL PC
OUR FIRM
Bergeson & Campbell Overview
Locations & Contact
Memberships
ACTA
B&C Consortia Management
OUR PEOPLE
OUR PRACTICES
Biobased Chemicals and Biofuels
Biotechnology
Chemical Regulation under TSCA
Chemical Regulation under FIFRA
Consortia Management
Endocrine Disruptors
Expert Witness Services
FDA Regulation of Food Contact and Packaging Material
Fumigants
GHS Services
Global Chemical Regulatory Services
Global Legal Services
International Trade Issues
Mergers and Acquisitions/Due Diligence
Metals
Other Special Regulatory Programs
Nanotechnology
Pesticide Data Compensation under FIFRA
Pesticide Regulation under FIFRA
Public Policy
Regulation of Dietary Supplements
Transport of HazMat and Dangerous Goods
Water Quality
KNOWLEDGE & RESOURCES
Published Articles
Regulatory Developments
Seminars & Webinars
Webinars on Demand
Books by B&C
FAQ - FIFRA
FAQ - TSCA
FAQ - RCRA
Training Courses and Programs
TSCA New Chemicals Coalition
OUR NEWS
PODCAST
We are very pleased to offer complimentary subscription to our informative newsletter(s), but we will need to collect some information to do so.Please carefully read the provisions of the PRIVACY POLICY and the TERMS OF SERVICE ( click to read )When you opt-in by clicking the button below, you agree to share your USER ID, EMAIL ADDRESS, COMPANY AFFILIATION, and JOB TITLE for the purpose of receiving our emailed newsletter(s).If you do not accept these terms of use, do not subscribe to our newsletter(s).
I AgreeI agree to the collection and use of my personal data as described above.
I Do Not AgreeI do not agree to the collection and use of my personal data as described above and therefore agree not to access this subscription form.