https://www.mazon.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Tweet
Donor Privacy Policy
Since its founding in 1985, MAZON: A Jewish Response to Hunger (hereinafter “MAZON”) has been committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of personal information provided by current, prior and potential donors.
Our Commitment to Our DonorsWe will not sell, share or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by MAZON, both online and offline, on any Platform ("Platform", includes the MAZON website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
MAZON is the sole owner of any information collected on its website. We will not share your information with any third-party organization without your explicit permission to do so. Personal information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated staff.
Unless a donor requests otherwise, or we are required by law to do so, we do not disclose the dates, specific purpose or amounts of any donation to third parties. MAZON does not sell, distribute or make available its mailing list to any individual, group or entity for any purpose. Any service providers who must be granted access to our records in order to complete their work with us are required to affirm that they are aware of and will comply with this Privacy Policy.
MAZON may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we use your personal information, we will alert you by posting a prominent notice on our website.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Like all website owners, MAZON receives and records information from your browser in our website server logs, including your Internet Provider address and the pages you request. Aside from this standard tracking data, the only other personal information we collect about you is such data as you knowingly provide through our online forms, which may include name, email address, address, telephone numbers, interests and similar information. We do not and will not request or store sensitive information, such as credit card or social security numbers.
MAZON uses the information you voluntarily share with us to be able to send you the electronic communications you request, various printed publications or mail appeals, and to help administer and improve our website. If you wish to do so, you may “opt out” of receiving any of our communications at any time. Most areas of our site are accessible without registration of any kind. Some of our services require some identification in order to be effective. This includes, but is not limited to, our online action center.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. We use IP addresses, which are a series of numbers that are automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
MAZON uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services, reminding us of your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The cookie is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of mazon.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can configure your browser to reject cookies if you so choose.
Security
Transactions conducted at mazon.org are secured by VeriSign, which encrypts all personal data contained on the site.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which MAZON has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to view or change the information MAZON has on file for you, please feel free to contact us by phone at (800) 813-0557 or by email at mazonmail@mazon.org.
Connect with Us!