http://www.pasqualina.com/privacy-and-terms/
Free Personal Horoscope
Generous offer
Testimonies
My Tarot Draw
Drawing 32 Cards
Tarot 12 Houses
Daily Horoscope
Catalog
General Conditions of sales and Legal notices - Privacy and terms of use
Privacy Policy : The information required in the form concerning the gender, name, firstname, country, day, month, year, hour, minute are elements to determine with accuracy your free personal horoscope.
Your email is requested to send by email your free personal horoscope.
No informations collected by us will be shared, given, or sold to any third-parties.
To unsubscribe at any time, you may simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link included in all my emails.
To modify your information you can send me an email to pasqualina@pasqualina.com.
According to the "informatique et liberte" act of 1/6/78, a right of access and modification of the information about yourself are at your disposal.
(These last ones are intended to inform the users about
their rights and obligations when using the website www.Pasqualina.com)
Pasqualina.com offer you the possibility
of having access on the Internet to consultations of clairvoyance, horoscope
and services on the astrology, the clairvoyance and the divinatory arts.
You must
have an internet access and to be a natural person of more than 18 years old to benefit from my services. The costs of access to the Internet network as
well as		 to my site will remain at your expense exclusive.
Cnil N° 883702 : According to the law n°78-17 of
January 6th, 1978 relative to the computing, you have a right of access,
opposition and rectification on the particulars which you supplied me within
the framework of the use of my services.
No informations collected by me will be shared, given, or sold to any third-parties. To unsubscribe at any time, you may simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link included in all my emails.
You can at any time unsubscribe by
writing to me pasqualina@pasqualina.com or to www.pasqualina.com/divers/r.asp with your confidential code.
All my offers are unlimited in the time. Prices shown are
in Dollars.
You can pay my fees by credit card (secure access), by check or by bank transfer to La Banque Postale :
PASQUALINA - WORLD PEOPLE -La Banque Postale - PARIS - FRANCEIBAN : FR49 2004 1000 0115 2136 0H02 032SWIFT or BIC : PSSTFRPPPAR
You can also pay my fees by PayPal at pasqualina@pasqualina.com with your confidential code.
You
have a right of retraction of 7 days but, as announced in my guarantee, in the
very improbable case where you would be disappointed by my services, I make
personally a commitment to pay off you entirely, on your request, the amount of
the fees which you will have settled to me without the slightest discussion.
All shipping, when there is, are completely at my expense.
I
reserve the right at any time, to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily
or permanently, all or part of my services, and this without notice to you. I
can not be held liable for any interruption of service (non-Internet network,
host).
These
present general conditions of sale are subjected to the French law. I reserve
the right to modify these terms of sale without advance notice.
ABOUT COOKIE:
A cookie is a text file placed on your computer when visiting a website or viewing an advertisement. It aims to collect information about your browsing and contact services tailored to your terminal (computer, mobile or tablet). Cookies are managed by your web browser.
THE VARIOUS ISSUERS:
Cookies on my site : These cookies are deposited on your terminal to answer needs for navigation, for optimization and for customization of the services on my site.
Third-party cookies: these cookies are deposited by third companies (from partners) to identify your centers of interest and possibly personalize the advertising offer which is sent to you on my site and off of my site.
They can be deposited when you browse my site or when you click in the advertising spaces of my site. Within the framework of partnership, I ensure that partner companies strictly comply with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978 and that they undertake appropriate measures to secure and protect data privacy...
SETUP YOUR INTERNET BROWSER:
You can choose at any time to deactivate these cookies. Your browser can be also parametrized to indicate you the cookies which are deposited in your computer and to ask you to accept them or not.
You can accept or refuse cookies on an individual basis either refuse them systematically.
I remind you that the configuration of your system may modify your conditions of access to my contents and services requiring the use of cookies. If browser is configured so as to refuse all the cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of a part of my services. To manage cookies as closely as possible to your expectations I invite you to configure your browser by taking into account the purpose of cookies..
Internet Explorer:
In Internet Explorer, click the Tools button, click Internet Options.
On the General tab, under Browsing History, click Settings.
Click the View Files button.
Firefox:
Go to the Tools tab browser and then select the Options menu
In the window that appears, choose Privacy and click Show Cookies.
Safari:
In your browser, select Edit> Preferences.
Click Security.
Click Show Cookies.
Google Chrome:
Click the icon in the Tools menu.
Select Options.
Click the Advanced tab and go to the Privacy section.
Click the Show Cookies button.
You can contact me easily:By email : pasqualina@pasqualina.comBy mail way : Pasqualina – 109 rue du Gall de Gaulle - BP94 - 78513 Rambouillet Cedex France.
Pasqualina - BP94 - 109 Rue du Gall de Gaulle 78513 Rambouillet Cedex FRANCEFax: +33 1 30 88 85 41
Copyright © 2020 Pasqualina Inc. All rights reserved.