http://www.mtelliott.com/privacy-policy
(800) 989-9020
info@mtelliott.com
About Us
Available Properties
Winter Decorations
Mt. Elliott Cemetery
Mt. Olivet Cemetery
Resurrection Cemetery
All Saints Cemetery
Guardian Angel Cemetery
The Preserve
News & Events
Incentives
Preplanning
Cremation
Burial and Monuments
Genealogy
Schedule of Burials
Tributes
Brochures
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association Headquarters 18201 Clinton River Road Clinton Township, MI  48038 586-286-9020
We regard the privacy of the families we serve as one of our most important values.  We want you to know how we protect your information in order to allow you to continue to be confident in your choices and in your dealings with the Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association.  All personal information collected in the course of utilizing our website is used solely by the Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association.  We do NOT sell or share consumer email or mail lists.  In the future, unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email to notify you of upcoming events, new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
REGISTRATION In order to use portions of this website, you may need to complete a registration form.  The data you provide on that form is used by us to ensure that we provide you the best answers and products and services in which you have expressed interest.  We may also use the information you provide to contact you in the future should additional events or services and products become part of our offerings to the communities we serve.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Any of the information we collect from you (in person or via our website) may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience and better respond to your individual needs
To respond to customer service issues, answer questions, or provide additional information
To process transactions
To send periodic emails for information or marketing purposes
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
COOKIES Our website attaches cookies to all visitor hard drives in order to gather information on the number of visitors to our site and how many pages they view.  They are also used to provide relevant information back to our visitors and to assist in system administration, research and development, user analysis and business decision-making.  The cookie information is used only by the Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association and is not provided to or shared with any other organization.
CLICK STREAM DATA Through access logs, we collect HTTP protocol and click Stream data.  The information gathered is not personally identifiable and is used in system administration, research and development, user analysis and business decision-making.
PURCHASES To purchase from us through our website, you must provide contact information (name, address, phone number, email) and financial information (credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used to fulfill your order(s).  Should we have difficulty processing your order, we will use this information to contact you.
SECURITY The encryption technologies we utilize for transferring and receiving data are industry-standard.  We have numerous security measures in place in order to protect from misuse or alteration of the information we have obtained or collected from you.
DISCLAIMER This website, and any information or content on this website, are provided “as is.” The Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association (mtelliott.com) makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, with respect to this website or content or information available on or through this website. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, neither mtelliott.com nor its affiliates, nor the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this website or any other website linked to this website. The limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if mtelliott.com is notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
LINKS This website contains links to other websites.  Please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices and content of other websites and organizations.  We make every attempt to screen these organizations prior to linking them to our website, but we encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site they should read the privacy statements of the new site they are visiting.
ACCOUNTABILITY If you feel that the Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association and/or its website is not living up to the above stated policies, you may contact us by email at info@mtelliott.com
Subscribe to our email updatesStay connected with Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association and receive periodic updates on our latest news and events.
Thank you for subscribing!
Name
Email
Subscribe
The Mt. Elliott Cemeteries
18201 Clinton River RoadClinton Township, MI 48038-2903info@mtelliott.com
Explore Our Cemeteries
Mt. Elliott CemeteryMt. Olivet CemeteryResurrection CemeteryAll Saints CemeteryGuardian Angel CemeteryThe Preserve at All Saints
Explore Our Services
PreplanningCremationBurial and Monuments
News and Events
More Information
Genealogy Database Tributes Schedule of Burials Incentives Contact Us Careers
Rules and Regulations
FollowFollowFollow
© Mt. Elliott Cemetery Association. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy