https://www.fbnn.org/gethelp/neighborhood-pantry/
Donate Now
Who We Are
About Us
Who We Serve
Programs & Services
Board of Directors
Staff Members
Careers
Financials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ways to Give
Give Now
Give Monthly
Give Food
Other Ways to Give
Get Involved
Volunteer
Host a Food & Fund Drive
Events
Corporate Partners
Raise Awareness
Learn About Hunger
Become a Partner
Become a Board Member
Stories of Change
Get Help
Neighborhood Pantry
Meals for Kids
SNAP Help
Nutrition Education
Getting Ahead
Program Schedules
Blog
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Partner Agency
Neighborhood Pantries
Through a variety of programs and services, the Food Bank of Northern Nevada and our partner agencies provide food to people in need right in the areas where they live.
Home > Get Help > Neighborhood Pantry
Emergency Food Pantries
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada distributes food to local food pantries so that people and families can receive a bag of groceries and other emergency food assistance close to their own neighborhoods. These food pantries are open to help on different days of the week and at various times during those days. Those in need of food assistance can find a variety of resources available through our partner agencies and direct service programs.
Find a food pantry near you.
Washoe County (English) (Spanish)| All Counties Except Washoe (English) (Spanish)
Mobile Harvest
Access to nutritious, healthful food is vital for the community members we serve. Throughout the month, the Food Bank’s Mobile Harvest program visits neighborhoods across northern Nevada and eastern California to distribute produce and other fresh food items to clients.
covid-19 changes to mobile harvest distributions
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is committed to continuing to serve our community while taking precautions to protect the health and safety of our clients, volunteers, and staff.  For the time being, we have made adjustments to the Mobile Harvest schedule and distribution format.  This means that the regular monthly schedule of sites and times is temporarily suspended.  Please view the current Mobile Harvest schedule below.  Each household is eligible to visit Mobile Harvest once per week.
All Mobile Harvest distributions are currently being run as a drive-thru format.
When you arrive at the site, please be sure to pay close attention to all signs and staff & volunteers.
We kindly ask that you stay in your vehicle the entire time.
Those who do not have a vehicle will be served through a walk-up line.
Please observe minimum 6ft social distance at all times.
View the Mobile Harvest Schedule:
Please Note: Masks/face shields are required at all times while attending mobile harvest distributions.  thank you for helping us to keep everyone as safe as possible by wearing your mask any time you are interacting with staff or volunteers, including during check-in and loading of your groceries.
December 2020: Washoe County | Rural Counties
Clients are asked to complete a brief Intake Form when visiting Mobile Harvest. There are no other qualification requirements to receive food through the Mobile Harvest distribution.  Households are able to access Mobile Harvest once per week.
The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP)
The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP) is a federal program that provides food commodities at no cost to Americans in need of short-term hunger relief through food providers like emergency food pantries, food banks, soup kitchens and shelters.
To Qualify:
ID and proof of Nevada residency is required for the receipt of USDA food
Each household must read the “Self Declaration Assurance” and certify eligibility by signing the issuance sheet that their household income does not exceed 185% of the federal poverty guidelines
For each additional household member add $645.00 per month
View the TEFAP Distribution Schedule
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is an equal opportunity employer and provider.  Click here to view the complete non-discrimination statement.  View the TEFAP eligibility guidelines here.
Commodity Supplemental Food Program
Through the Commodity Supplemental Food Program (CSFP), the Food Bank of Northern Nevada provides a monthly box of nutritious food to low-income seniors 60 years and over. Boxes are distributed at more than 40 locations across Reno, Sparks, and rural northern Nevada.  Program participants are provided with a box of supplemental food items, which may include canned meat; vegetables; fruit; cereal, pasta, rice, or potatoes; evaporated or dry milk; dry beans or peanut butter; and American cheese.
CSFP Distribution Schedule
Eligibility:
Participants must meet CSFP income requirements
Eligible clients are required to provide monthly gross income, proof of residency, and a photo ID
CSFP is a program of the USDA and is administered by the Nevada State Department of Administration, Purchasing Division; Food Distribution Program.
For more information on this program or to inquire about whether you may qualify, please contact Leigh Warren at (775) 331-3663 ext 151.
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is an equal opportunity employer and provider.  Click here to view the complete non-discrimination statement.
The Food Bank  has also added an additional produce distribution for seniors.  This program is called Produce on Wheels and is open to all low income seniors.
Produce On Wheels Schedule