http://www.foodlinkny.org/fight_hunger/privacy-policy/
Employment
Contact
Partner With Us
Menu
Employment
Contact
Partner With Us
Search
Volunteer
Donate Now
About
About Foodlink
Learn About Us >
Our Mission
History
Leadership & Board
Staff
FAQ
Read Our Annual Report    Download
What We Do
What We Do
Provide Food Assistance
Food Banking
BackPack Program
Mobile Pantry
Create Healthier Communities
Curbside Market
Nutrition Education
Lexington Avenue Community Farm
Healthy Meals
Sliced Apples
Food Safety Trainings
Drive Change
Foodlink Career Fellowship
Advocacy Agenda
Community Health Commitment
Curbside Market Ambassadors
Ways to Help
Ways to Help
Donate Now >
Donate Monthly
Other Ways to Give
Volunteer >
New Volunteers
Returning Volunteers
Advocacy >
Public Statements
Policy Priorities
Corporate Engagement >
Sponsorship Opportunities
Start a fundraiser
News & Events
News & Events
Read All News >
See All Events >
January 27 2021
Foodlink: Nourishing Lives During the Pandemic
View Detail
No event found!
Video Library
Publications
In the News
Sign-up for Our Newsletter
EmploymentContactPartner With UsFind FoodVolunteerDonate Nowsearch
Search for:
Find Food
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Foodlink Web site. The protection of your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the Foodlink web site at https://www.foodlinkny.org
Information collection and useBecause this site accepts online donations, certain personally identifiable information is collected. The types of information we collect include names, addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers and credit card information. We may also collect other non-personally identifiable information about your computer such as the type of browser you are using or the domain name of your Internet Service Provider.Foodlink is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.How we use the information we collectThe personally identifiable information collected by the Foodlink site is used to fulfill online donations. We may also use this information to send users further details about the Food Bank and its upcoming events, programs and projects. Non-personally identifiable information may be used in aggregate form to analyze the usage of our site and improve site design and interface. This information that we collect will not be disclosed to third parties unless in response to a legal claim or law enforcement agency’s request.Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. They enable us to provide a more seamless experience for our users. For example, by setting a cookie for our site, the user would not have to log in with a password more than once, thereby saving time while navigating our site. If a user rejects the cookie, there may be areas of our site that are restricted. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience of our site.Links This Web site contains links to other sites. Foodlink is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. When we link to a new site we will launch a new browser window. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.SecurityThis Web site has made commercially reasonable efforts to protect our users’ information with appropriate physical and electronic procedures to prevent unauthorized access both online and off-line. FeedbackUsers may provide feedback to Foodlink by sending an e-mail to info@foodlinkny.org. Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to that feedback.Notification of changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information is collected.FINANCIAL DONOR – GENERAL – PRIVACY POLICYFoodlink maintains a database of past and potential financial donors which includes contact information, relationship to the organization, and history of donations to the Food Bank. This information is maintained in a password-protected database and is used only for periodic mailings. Anyone who wishes to be removed from this list or to limit the number of mailings received may do so by contacting (585) 328-3380, by e-mail to: info@foodlinkny.org, or mailing address: 1999 Mt. Read Blvd, Rochester, NY 14615. The request will be promptly honored. Additionally, anyone not currently on Foodlink’s mailing list who would like to receive periodic mailings may submit or update their contact information by phone, e-mail, or mail. Foodlink does not share, rent, or sell the contents of its mailing list.
CONTACT US
Call: (585) 328-3380Email: info@foodlinkny.org
1999 Mt. Read Blvd.Rochester, NY, 14615
PROGRAMS >
ABOUT US
Our Mission
History
Leadership
Staff
FAQ
WAYS TO HELP
Donate
Volunteer
Advocacy
Corporate Engagement
NEWS
Events & Fundraisers
Blog
Publications
Videos
In the News
EMPLOYMENT >
Facebook-f
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Donate Now