http://www.ecumen.org/ecumen-privacy-policy/
Ecumen Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to all visitors and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to “The Ecumen Community Websites” includes all Ecumen run websites. By using the Ecumen Community Websites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Note: This Statement refers to general information collected on our websites. For detailed information on how your medical information is used and protected in relation to HIPAA, please read our Privacy Notice.
Collection of your Personal Information
Ecumen collects personally identifiable information, such as names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors (e.g., to request information, schedule a tour or apply for employment). This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us explicit permission to use it in another manner, for example, to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Use of Cookies
The Ecumen Community Websites use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize one of the  Ecumen Community Website’ pages, or register with any of the Ecumen Community Websites or their services, a cookie helps them to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
In addition to web server cookies, Ecumen also collects user and cookie data through third party analytics services such as Google Analytics, AddThis and Hotjar, as well as advertising platforms including Google Ad Manager, Google Display Network, Google Ads Remarketing, Facebook Ads, Twitter Ads, and LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. This includes anonymous demographic and interest-based data that is used to personalize ad delivery, as well as site usage data, which may be used for remarketing purposes (re-displaying ads to site visitors).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Ecumen Community Websites’ services or other websites you visit.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Ecumen encourages you to review the privacy statements of third-party websites you choose to visit via links from Ecumen Community Websites so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Ecumen is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Ecumen  Community Websites.
Ecumen does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out and Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information.
Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Ecumen by contacting us here:
– Web page http://www. ecumen.org
– Email: info@ecumen.com
– Phone: 860-678-4300
You may disconnect your account from a third party account (Google, LinkedIn, Facebook) at any time.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ and Google Remarketing by visiting http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Yout may opt out of LinkedIn Ads at https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
You may use this link to adjust/opt out of Facebook ads: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
You may unsubscribe to Ecumen emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link on any email that you receive.
Changes to this Statement
Ecumen will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Ecumen encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how your information is being used and protected.
Contact Information
Ecumen welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. Please submit any general questions regarding user privacy to privacy@ecumen.org or call  us directly at 844-614-2498.
Effective as of April 20, 2020