http://www.foodchain.org.uk/terms-of-use/
Home
About Us
What We Do
Latest news
Our History
Future Plans
Case Studies
People in the Chain
Our Funders
CEO Monthly Diary
Latest Report and Accounts
Services
Meal Service
Grocery Deliveries
Eating Positively
Eating Together
Sunday FoodCycle Meal
How to Access Services
The Food Chain Kitchen
Nutrition & HIV
Introduction to HIV Nutrition
Managing Symptoms & Side Effects
Conditions associated with HIV and ART
Getting Extra Help
Recipes
Volunteer
Current Volunteer Vacancies (ALL ON HOLD DUE TO COVID-19)
Becoming a Volunteer
Volunteer Roles
Volunteer Members Area
Volunteering Opportunities 2020
Support Us
What Your Donation Will Achieve
Running & Challenge Events
Corporate Support
Donate Food
Using Our Kitchen
Bingo Nights
Leave a Gift in Your Will
Nourish - The Food Chain Cookbook
Install our Shopping App!
Upcoming Events
login
Login
Contact Us
T
T
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1.  INFORMATION ABOUT US
www.foodchain.org.uk ("The Food Chain" or the "Site") is operated by The Food Chain ("we").  The Food Chain is a registered charity in England and Wales (number 1003014) at The Food Chain, 314-320 Gray's Inn Road, London, WC1X 8DP United Kingdom.
www.foodchain.org.uk is a Site providing nutrition services including home delivered meals, essential groceries and nutrition advice to men, women and children who are chronically sick as a result of HIV related illness.
2.  ACCEPTING OUR TERMS
These terms of use (together with any documents referred to on it including our privacy policy) tell you how you may make use of our Site including its services, products, software and content whether as a guest or a registered user.  You must not use our Site if you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with us.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the Site.  By using our Site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use as at the date of your first use of the Site and that you agree to abide by them.  If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our Site.
3.  ACCESSING OUR SITE
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the services we provide without notice.  From time to time, we may restrict or suspend access to some parts of our Site, or our entire Site, to guests or to users who have registered with us, such as volunteers and referrers.  If the need arises, we may also close our Site indefinitely.
4. ACCOUNT INFORMATION
In order to access some services and features of our Site, you will have to create an account and/or provide us with certain information about yourself or the organisation on whose behalf you are creating an account.  You agree to provide accurate and complete information at all times and to keep this information updated by sending us any changes, if applicable.
You must treat as confidential your user identification code, account password or any other information given to you as part of our security procedures.  Your user identification code and account password are strictly personal.
You agree that you will be solely responsible for all activity occurring under your account and you shall be liable for any loss or damage arising in connection with the breach of your obligations under our terms of use.
You agree to be responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
In the case of referrers, you accept to be bound by the following additional terms:
We will provide one user identification code and account password to you (rather than one for each of your individual users), which will allow you to access services from your account.  You must submit to The Food Chain, the name of each of the individual persons that you propose will have access to your user identification code and password and obtain prior written authorisation from us before any such person can access your account in any way.
We reserve the right to modify this process at any time and provide instead individual user identification codes and passwords to specific individuals within your organisation.  We will notify you upon any such change and of any new applicable terms.
You understand that as a referrer you will have access to personal data (within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998) relating to referred persons.  This may include data initially sent by the referred person when requesting a service and any ongoing data relating to the services provided by The Food Chain.  For example, any updated data could include information on whether a service request has been accepted/rejected, whether a service is ongoing/complete, or the type of service provided.
You hereby agree to:
Keep any data relating to the referred person strictly confidential
Keep all such data appropriately secure; and
Comply with your obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any other data protection laws and regulations applicable in the UK and codes of practice, guidelines and recommendations issued by the Information Commissioner or any replacement body.
You agree to only access and use such data to the extent that such access is strictly necessary for the purposes of the referrals to The Food Chain or to understand the outcome of a referral (for example the type of service provided and whether it is ongoing).
From time to time, The Food Chain may decide in its sole discretion to anonymise any updates posted in relation to the referred persons.
5.                SERVICES
The Food Chain will use reasonable endeavours to provide its services and to accommodate users with their requests.  However, you understand that the provision of services is dependent on The Food Chain's resources and on the donations made to The Food Chain from time to time.  Therefore The Food Chain cannot guarantee in relation to any form submitted by a referred person and/or his/her referrer that a request will be successfully fulfilled.
6.                    DONATIONS
If you sign up to become a regular donor online you have the right to cancel at any time.
The Food Chain does not guarantee the security of online transactions.
Any loss incurred or sustained by you when transmitting information via the Site shall be borne solely and exclusively by you and in no event shall any such loss in whole or in part be borne by us.
7.                    RESTRICTIONS ON USE
We grant you permission to access our Site, subject to the following conditions.  You agree not to:
Use this Site for unlawful purposes, and in a manner which may infringe the rights or restrict the use and enjoyment of the Site by any third party;
Collect or harvest any personal data of any user of the Site or any services;
Use our Site in connection with a commercial enterprise including the solicitation for commercial purposes of any users of the Site;
Distribute any part of our Site, including for the avoidance of doubt any content, in any medium without our prior written authorisation;
Modify any part of the Site or interfere with any security related features of the Site which restrict use of our Site;
Access content for any reason other than your personal, non-commercial use, solely as intended by the normal functionality of the services; or
Copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any content for any other purposes without our prior written consent or the respective licensors of the content.
8.                    CONTENT
8.1                Content on the Site
Information contained on the Site which has been provided by third parties and/or information on any other website which is accessed via the Site has not necessarily been independently verified by us.  While we take every care to ensure that the standard of the Site remains high, the Internet is not a stable medium and errors, omissions and interruptions may occur at any time.
Any content posted on our Site is not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed.  We therefore disclaim all responsibility and liability from any reliance placed on such content by any guest or user to our Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any such content.
8.2                Your Content
You agree that you are solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of submitting it to us, for example by posting information on our forums.  We expressly disclaim all liability in connection with content.
You represent and warrant that you have full authority and all necessary consents and permissions to disclose the content submitted to us and that you will not upload any content which contains material which is harmful or unlawful or which it would be unlawful for us to use or possess;
Any content that you transmit to, or post on, any public area of the Site including any data, questions, comments, suggestions for example in any forums of discussion will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information.
9.                    VIRUSES, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENCES
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site.  You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any Site linked to it.
10.                LINKING TO OUR SITE
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage or take advantage of our reputation, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
Our Site must not be framed on any other Site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Site other than the home page.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
11.                LINKS FROM OUR SITE
Where our Site contains links to other Sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those Sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
12.                OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
With the exception of content submitted by you, all other content is either owned by or licensed to us, and may be subject to copyright, trade mark rights, and other intellectual property rights of us or our licensors.  Any third party trade or service marks present on content not uploaded or posted by you are trade or service marks of their respective owners.
Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our prior written consent or that of our licensors.  Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by us to use any content displayed.
Such content may be copied for personal use only on the condition that intellectual property rights and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the content is copied entirely.  However, some content has been published on this Site with the permission of the relevant intellectual property rights owners (who are not The Food Chain).  All rights are reserved on this content and permission to copy such content must be requested from the relevant owners, as indicated by the sources displayed on such content.
13.                EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
Nothing in these terms shall affect any statutory rights that you are always entitled to as a consumer and that you cannot contractually agree to alter or waive.
Our services (including our Site functionalities and any content) are provided on an "as is" basis and we make no warranty or representation to you with respect to them.  In particular we do not represent or warrant to you that:
your use of the services will meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error;
any information obtained by you as a result of your use of the services will be accurate or reliable,
defects in the operation or functionality of any software provided to you as part of the services will be corrected; and
the Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
No conditions, warranties or other terms (including any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description) apply to the services.
14.                OUR LIABILITY
To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude:
14.1            All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
14.2            Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our Site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our Site, any sites linked to it and any content posted on it, including:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
any loss resulting from our Site being unavailable at any time and for any period,
Whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
14.3            This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
15.                VARIATIONS
We reserve the rights to revise these terms of use at any time by posting an updated and consolidated version of the amended terms of use.  You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as your continued use of this Site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of these terms as modified.
Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by specific provisions published elsewhere on our Site.  In the event of conflict, then the specific provisions shall prevail.
16.                JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site, although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
17.                INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy http://www.foodchain.org.uk.web1.awsripple.com/privacy/ By using our Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
18.                CONTACTING THE FOOD CHAIN
Questions, comments, concerns and requests regarding our Terms of Use and the Site are welcome and should be addressed to:
The Food Chain, 314-320 Gray's Inn Road, London, WC1X 8DP
Email: info@foodchain.org.uk
Tel: 020 7354 0333
Fax: 020 7359 8169
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies Policy
"I have met some wonderful people and made new friends"
Originally from Australia, where she completed an Advance Diploma of Nutrition, Karen came to the UK six months ago. Karen...