https://www.ddc-law.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Personal Information
In general, you can visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and e-mail address, to correspond with you or provide you with further information. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes
We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it.
Business Relationships
The DD web site may contain links to other web sites. DD is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. There may be links that make it easier for you to connect to third party sites or that allow access to this site from other third party sites. Linked third party sites are not under the control of DD and DD is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in such a linked site. Existence of third party links is not an endorsement by DD in favor of such site or the products or services contained therein.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” that can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. The DD web site may use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
E-Mail Disclaimer
If you have received an e-mail from DD, the e-mail message and all attachments transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the addressee and may contain legally privileged and confidential information. If the reader of the message is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use of the message or its attachments is strictly prohibited. If you have received a message in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to the message and please delete it from your computer.
PLEASE NOTE that all incoming e-mails will be automatically scanned by us and by an external service provider to eliminate unsolicited promotional e-mails (“spam”). This could result in deletion of a legitimate e-mail before it is read by its intended recipient at our firm. Please tell us if you have concerns about this automatic filtering.
Specialization
Our lawyers tend to limit their practice to certain areas of the law. Except where specifically noted, none is certified by the jurisdiction in which he or she practices as a specialist in any area of practice.
Successor
DD may also share the information with a successor in interest, an affiliate or its consultants who are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information. For example, if DD merges with another law firm, DD may share the information with that firm. DD may also share the information as permitted by law. For example, DD may provide the information in response to a subpoena, a law enforcement or governmental agency request, or a court order.