http://www.pppcouncil.ca/web/privacy_policy.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
Skip breadcrumb navigation
Privacy Policy
The Canadian Council for Public-Private Partnerships (CCPPP) is committed to protecting the privacy of all of its members and other stakeholders.
During the course of our activities and events CCPPP frequently gathers and uses personal information. We understand and expect that everyone from whom we collect such information should expect that such information will be carefully protected and any use of such information is subject to consent. Our Privacy Policy is designed to address this.
Defining Personal Information
Personal information is any information about an "identifiable individual" that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. CCPPP collects such information and adds it to its database of contacts for both members and non-members.
Privacy Practices
Personal information collected by CCPPP is kept confidential. We do not sell, share or rent our information to others. We will provide specific notice before collecting any of your personal information (details that can identify you as an individual, such as your name or address). We will explain what information is being collected and how it will be used. You have the right to decline to have this information collected or transferred for marketing purposes.
CCPPP commits to you that individual information will be used to establish and maintain responsible relationships with you, to provide you with products services and support and to respond to member needs. We do not collect personal information about you that you have not provided to us directly. We not use techniques that collect personal information about you without your knowledge. Any personally identifiable data about our members or others is stored securely on the CCPPP server.
You may also provide us with your credit card information in order to pay for membership, events or items purchased from our bookstore. We use this information to process the order and to provide you with the services or items you have purchased. We do not store credit card information for later use.
Personal information collected from attendance at events or activities that CCPPP holds is added to our main database. The information is used to achieve CCPPP objectives which involve, among other things, providing members with information about activities, events and services that are of interest to our members or stakeholders, such as notification of events, alerts about research materials, legislative updates relating to public-private partnerships or other information of relevant interest to our members and stakeholders.
CCPPP uses a contracted list management service to send out email notifications. The list management service provides an option to decline (opt out provision) to receive further notifications from CCPPP.
Use of Non-Personal Information
The CCPPP web server only collects statistical data about visitors to our website and this information is used only in aggregate. The CCPPP web servers may automatically record some general information about your visit to the CCPPP website such as:
The internet domain for your internet service provider and the IP address of the computer accessing the website;
The type of browser you are using;
The type of operating system you are using;
The date and time of your visit and the web pages that you visited on our website, along with the address of the previous website you were visiting if you linked to us from another website.
We use this information for statistical analysis, to help us make the website more useful to visitors or use it for auditing purposes. The tracking system does not record personal information about individuals or links this information to any personal data collected. CCPPP may share aggregate information about its members and stakeholders – not individual data – with the CCPPP Board, staff and other parties to help them better understand CCPPP members and their interests.
We may use "cookies" that identify you as a return visitor. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. So, when you come back to visit us again, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit and to measure website activity. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookie collection if you wish, or inform you when a cookie is being stored on your hard drive.
The CCPPP site contains links to external sites. If you visit external websites listed on our web pages, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the websites you visit, especially if you share any personal information.
Updating Personal Information
CCPPP makes every reasonable effort to keep information collected both accurate and up-to-date. Having accurate information allows us to provide the best possible services to our members and stakeholders. Should you wish to provide us with updates to the information including address changes, legal name changes or corrections, or if you have any questions about CCPPP's Privacy Policy, please contact:
The Canadian Council for Public-Private Partnerships
55 University Avenue, Suite 608
Toronto, ON M5J 2H7
416-861-0500
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##