https://www.tubman.org/get-help/youth-programs/
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Youth and Young Adult ProgramTubman's Youth and Young Adults (YAYA) services assist young people between the ages of 10 and 24 who have experienced partner violence, sexual assault, or stalking. We are LGBTQ+ friendly and provide a variety of services to youth of all genders in Hennepin, Ramsey, Washington and Dakota counties.
For more support, including community resource lists and information about youth rights, visit our website www.MyDefinition.org.
In-home or In-community ServicesAdvocates will meet with youth at their homes or at other safe locations in the community, like schools or coffee shops, to discuss unhealthy or unsafe relationships the youth has experienced. Advocates will plan approximately six visits with the youth to reach goals on accessing support groups, therapy, housing, jobs, school, legal assistance, chemical health, or other issues the youth may want to work on.
Crisis ServicesAdvocates will work with youth to address immediate safety issues and other needs such as emergency shelter, medical needs, or accessing food.
Legal Advocacy ServicesLegal advocates will assist youth with obtaining restraining orders or orders for protection. They will write the order with the youth, file the order with a judge, attend court with the youth, and be available to answer questions and provide support regarding the legal order.
Inspiring YouthInspiring Youth is a closed-referral program in which youth workers provide comprehensive and culturally responsive one-on-one mentorship and support, access to resources, and connections to positive activities and leadership opportunities for youth ages 10-17. Additional support is provided as needed.
The Inspiring Youth program is by closed referral only. If you are not a referral source, call 612-825-0000 for other options for youth.
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.