http://www.mentoring.org/terms-of-service
×
Search
Terms of Service
Effective Date: October 1, 2015
By
using MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership, Inc.’s (“MENTOR”)
website and services, you signify that you have read, understand and
agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Mentoring.org is an
informational website operated by MENTOR that, among other services,
allows independent Youth Mentoring Organizations (“Mentoring
Organizations”) to list their information online in the Mentoring
Connector in order to create a resource for those seeking mentoring
opportunities. MENTOR’s Mentoring Connector is the only national
database of mentoring programs, which uses baseline quality standards
grounded in evidence-based research to screen programs for inclusion.
Mentoring.org and information available through Mentoring.org may
contain features and functionalities that may link or provide access to
independent third parties, such as various Mentoring Organizations.
These links do not imply MENTOR’s endorsement or sponsorship of such
third parties.
Mentoring Organizations are independent of MENTOR. Each Mentoring Organization is responsible for selecting and screening its members and volunteers (collectively “Volunteers”) and establishing interactions between Volunteers and mentees.
Parents, guardians, caregivers, and Volunteer applicants are responsible for evaluating and investigating whether any Mentoring Organization or other third party listed in the Mentoring Connector or on the MENTOR website is safe and appropriate for them or any minor under their care before proceeding with any interaction or participation with any Mentoring Organization.
Mentoring Organizations and Volunteer applicants are responsible for the truth and accuracy of any information they submit to MENTOR and for timely updating of any changes to their information.
By registering a Mentoring Organization to be included in the Mentoring Connector, you certify that:
(a) you represent a legitimate Mentoring Organization that provides guidance, support, and encouragement aimed at developing the competence and character of children;
(b) you have not committed any crime against a minor, including child abuse, sexual acts, and pornography;
(c) you will not use MENTOR’s services or website, or your program, to harm a minor in any way;
(d) you understand that MENTOR strongly encourages screening of Volunteers, and you and the Mentoring Organization you represent are solely liable to screen Volunteers, inquire into their backgrounds, and to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with Volunteers to ensure the safety and well-being of children and other Volunteers associated with the Mentoring Organization;
(e) you and the Mentoring Organization you represent are responsible for determining whether an applicant is fit to serve as a mentor and are in no way guaranteed to be listed in the Mentoring Connector; and
(f) you understand that MENTOR makes no representations or warranties as to the conduct of Volunteers or their compatibility with any current or future programs.
By using the Mentoring Connector to locate a Mentoring Organization to contact to become and serve as a Volunteer and/or a mentor, you certify that:
(a) you have a legitimate interest in providing guidance, support, and encouragement aimed at developing the competence and character of children;
(b) you have not committed any crime against a minor, including child abuse, sexual acts, and pornography;
(c) you will not use MENTOR’s services or website, or any program to harm a minor in any way;
(d) you understand that you will be subject to whatever screening is required by the Mentoring Organization(s) you express an interest in, which may include inquiries into your background;
(e) you understand that MENTOR does not guarantee your acceptance to be a part of any Mentoring Organization, as such decisions are made by the individual Mentoring Organizations;
(f) you understand that MENTOR makes no representations or warranties as to the conduct of other Volunteers or Mentoring Organizations;
(g) it is your sole responsibility to inquire into the nature of any Mentoring Organization and to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with members of the Mentoring Organization and others, including children, you meet through the Mentoring Organization;
(h) you will act in the furtherance of the objectives of the Mentoring Organization to which you are applying, and you will not partake in any activities that are of detriment to the organization, the children it serves, or to its objectives; and
(i) you will represent your identity, skills and background accurately in your application.
You agree that there is no confidential or any other special relationship that is or should be formed by use of the MENTOR website or information contained on the website.
MENTOR expressly denies liability and undertakes no responsibility for the conduct of Mentoring Organizations or individuals working with Mentoring Organizations that are listed on the MENTOR website. While MENTOR is not obligated to do so, MENTOR reserves the right to screen or conduct background checks on any individuals or Mentoring Organizations registered with the MENTOR website.
You agree that you bear all risks associated with the use of any information on the MENTOR website and any interactions with Mentoring Organizations found through the MENTOR website, including but not limited to, joining Mentoring Organizations, visiting facilities of any Mentoring Organization, and meeting with individual mentors or mentees.
In the event anyone is harmed in any way by any Mentoring Organization or individual associated with any Mentoring Organization, you hereby release MENTOR, its officers, employees, agents and successors in rights from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or MENTOR’s service.
MENTOR reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to reject or approve any application of any Volunteer or Mentoring Organization for inclusion in its directory, for any or no reason. MENTOR does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, sexual orientation, sex, or national origin.
MENTOR reserves the right to remove any information posted on the Mentoring Connector and its website at any time, at its sole discretion. MENTOR is not liable for any damage or losses, financial or otherwise, that result from removal of information from the MENTOR website, or from information posted on the MENTOR website by third parties.
A Mentoring Organization may remove its information from the Mentoring Connector at any time by sending written notice (electronic or regular mail) of such request to MENTOR.
Anyone who registers to use the MENTOR website and services is solely liable for the use of their password and account. Use of the MENTOR website to advertise commercial products or services, or to gather contact information for commercial purposes is prohibited. MENTOR reserves the right to suspend or terminate any user’s account or to refuse any current or future use of the MENTOR website or services.
The MENTOR website may provide interactive features that permit users to provide feedback to MENTOR and interact with other users. Each user is responsible for the content of their posts on community areas of the MENTOR website such as bulletin boards, forums, and chat rooms. MENTOR is not responsible for the accuracy or integrity of third party content and is not liable for any damages of any kind caused by any message in the community forums. MENTOR has no obligation to monitor any community areas of the website, but reserves the right to remove any posts at its sole discretion. MENTOR reserves the right to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request.
It is a condition of using the MENTOR website and services that you do not:
(a) restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying MENTOR’s website or services;
(b) use MENTOR’s website or services to post or transmit any unlawful, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent content of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law;
(c) use MENTOR’s website or services to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or rights holder;
(d) use MENTOR’s website or services to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component;
(e) use MENTOR’s website or services to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial or advertising purposes;
(f) use MENTOR’s website or services to advertise or solicit anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without MENTOR’s express written approval; or
(g) gather for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users on the MENTOR website.
h) users are prohibited from disregarding directions from administrators or moderators. Refusal to comply with requests from administrators or moderators may result in user accounts being removed from the site.
MENTOR employees are encouraged to participate in the Community Forums. However, MENTOR employees are bound by the MENTOR Employee Handbook and MENTOR Code of Conduct, as well as MENTOR’s Privacy and Security policies. MENTOR Employees may not ask forum members for any personal information other than business contact information via a post in a forum or via Private Message (PM). A MENTOR employee’s failure to comply with these Terms of Use and the MENTOR Community Standard Guidelines will result in corrective action up to and including termination.
Hyperlinks to the MENTOR website may not state or imply any MENTOR sponsorship or endorsement of another website, publication, or service. MENTOR’s content may not be incorporated into another website, publication, or service without MENTOR’s prior written approval.
MENTOR’s Privacy Policy regarding MENTOR’s treatment of personally identifiable information is located on our privacy policy page.
View Privacy Policy
MENTOR reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time without further notice. Changes to these Terms of Use will be posted on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.
Continued use of the MENTOR website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the MENTOR website. It is your responsibility to regularly check the website to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and MENTOR regarding the use of Mentoring.org, superseding any prior agreements between you and MENTOR regarding use of the website. The failure of MENTOR to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance.
Use of the MENTOR website and registration to be an organization listed in the MENTOR directory is void where prohibited. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Download NowName*
First
Last
Email*
What best describes your connection to mentoring?*
Mentor to one or more young people
Staff at a mentoring program
Policy maker/government
Educator
Education adminstrator
Sports coach
Workplace supervisor
Staff at youth development program
Mentee
Other
N/A
Please select all that applyOther:If applicable, how many youth (age 6-24) do you or your program serve?MENTOR National and Affiliates will use the information you provide to better inform future publications and keep you up to date with advancements in the mentoring field. For more information, check out our privacy policy.