https://www.cowboychurch.tv/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://cowboychurch.tv and Cowboy Church TV and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Cowboy Church TV include https://cowboychurch.tv and CowboyChurrch.tv. The CowboyChurrch.tv website is a News, Information, and ecommerce site. By using the CowboyChurrch.tv website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, CowboyChurrch.tv may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
- First and Last Name
- Mailing Address
- E-mail Address
- Phone Number
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
CowboyChurrch.tv collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
CowboyChurrch.tv may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CowboyChurrch.tv and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
CowboyChurrch.tv does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
CowboyChurrch.tv may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CowboyChurrch.tv, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CowboyChurrch.tv may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CowboyChurrch.tv or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CowboyChurrch.tv; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CowboyChurrch.tv, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
CowboyChurrch.tv may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within CowboyChurrch.tv, in order to determine what CowboyChurrch.tv services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within CowboyChurrch.tv to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CowboyChurrch.tv. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CowboyChurrch.tv website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
CowboyChurrch.tv secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. CowboyChurrch.tv uses the following methods for this purpose:
- SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
CowboyChurrch.tv does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, CowboyChurrch.tv may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
CowboyChurrch.tv reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
CowboyChurrch.tv welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CowboyChurrch.tv has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CowboyChurrch.tv at:
Cowboy Church TV
PO Box 67
Brush, Colorado 80723
Email Address:  aneedens@gmail.com
Telephone number:  970-842-9922
Effective as of April 18, 2020
Recent Posts
CC Show #712 SVCC The Sacrifice of Thanksgiving Part 02
CC Show #711 SVCC The Sacrifice of Thanksgiving Part 01
CC Show #709 Cowboy Church Veterans Tribute 2020
CC Show #708 SVCC A Foundation of Integrity Part 02
CC Show #707 SVCC A Foundation of Integrity Part 01