https://www.kidinfo.com/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
Please read this page carefully before exploring KID INFO
PRIVACY POLICY for KIDINFO.COM
KID INFO'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of kidinfo.com's highest priorities. Kidinfo.com respects your right to keep your personal information confidential and understands your desire to avoid unwanted solicitation. A recent law change requires kidinfo.com and other websites to disclose a Privacy Policy, which kidinfo is pleased to do!
To better protect your privacy kidinfo.com provides this notice explaining kidinfo.com's online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, it is available on the kidinfo.com homepage and on every page with third party advertising.
GOOGLE ADSENSE HELPS SUPPORT KIDINFO.COM
Third-party advertisements through the Google AdSense program are presented on kidinfo.com when you visit in order to help support KID INFO. Some of these advertising companies that display ads in the Google AdSense program may use information such as cookies and web beacons which send the advertiser information (NOT including your name, address, email address, or telephone number), but possibly including the IP address, ISP, and the browser used to visit Kid Info.
This is a COMMON practice, and happens when visiting ANY website with any type of advertising. The purpose is to geotarget ads towards specific users which means that ads on the site will target the interests of each user (i.e. showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). You can, if you so choose, disable or selectively turn off cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in such programs as Norton Internet Security. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. However, this can, and often times does, affect how you are able to interact with other websites (i.e. inability to login to services and programs).
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Kidinfo.com links to "third party" sites which have separate and independent privacy policies. Kidinfo.com takes no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, kidinfo.com seeks to protect the integrity of its site by carefully reviewing all third party sites before providing a web link to that site.
YOUR CONSENT
When using kidinfo.com, you consent to kidinfo.com's privacy policy.
Index
School Subjects
Disclaimer and Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
>