http://www.rainbowrv.com/index.php/homej3/terms-of-use
Log in
Join Today
Menu
HomeAbout RainbowRVTestimonialHow To Website tutorialsPrivacy PolicyEmail Un SubscribeTerms of UseEventsMonthly CalendarCalendar Via PhoneChapter Events RegistrationMy Chapter EventsCreate A KampTrip Contact Event Registrations OfficeContact My TicketsRV ParksStates and Province ListMap of RV ParksSubmit a RV ParkNewsMembers BlogsPast EventsLinksWrite a Blog
a how-to guideMembershipSubscription PlansSubscription HistoryCancel MembershipMember SearchInvite your friends to join RRVCommunityTodays Online ActivitiesState ChaptersAdvance search GroupsGreg's ListAdd a Listing	MyProfile My ProfileEdit Profile
Terms of Use
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Rainbowrv provides the Rainbowrv.com portal and related Services to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .   Rainbow rv.com, Rainbowrv, the club and domain owners, organizers, volunteers and coordinators are here by referred to as Rainbowrv.
By accessing and using the Rainbowrv Services, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of the TOS. In addition, when using particular club owned or operated services, you and Rainbowrv shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to spam rules) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS
2. DESCRIPTION OF RAINBOWRV SERVICES
Rainbowrv provides users and members with access to a collection of resources, including without limitation various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed. You also understand and agree that the Rainbowrv Services may include advertisements and certain communications from Rainbowrv.com, and that these communications are considered part of Rainbowrv membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that intend to prove Rainbowrv Services, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Rainbowrv Services is provided "AS-IS" and that Rainbowrv assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Rainbowrv Services, and that access may involve third-party. You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Rainbowrv Services.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Rainbowrv Services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Please be aware that Rainbowrv is created with content of  adult or mature content. You must be at least 18 years of age to access and view such areas.
3. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of my being permitted in activities arranged organized and hosted  by Rainbow RV organizers, owners, volunteers and coordinators , you for yourself and your heirs, executors and assigns hereby waive any and all claims you may now or in the future have against the Rainbow  RV club , its members, organizers, coordinators AND assistants (collectively the "Rainbowrv") arising from any and all personal injury, death, property damage or loss sustained by me arising from or in connection with my participation in the activities of the Club, howsoever caused. You further hereby release and forever discharge the Rainbowrv from and against all demands, claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses arising from or with respect to death, injury, damage, or loss to your person or property of any kind whatsoever, no matter how caused, in connection with your participation in the club activities even though the same may have been contributed to or caused by the negligence of gross negligence of Rainbowrv. You further agree to hold harmless and indemnify Rainbowrv from any and all liability for any damages or injury to the property of person of any third party resulting from my involvement in any of the activities of Rainbowrv
You acknowledge that Rainbowrv, in obtaining this acceptance of terms and waive of liability, is doing so for itself, its members and all persons acting under the authority of the Rainbowrv.
You agree that any litigation involving Rainbowrv and its members shall be brought within the State of California, County of Riverside and that these conditions and rights shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the The State of California USA.
you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving the Rainbowrv Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Rainbowrv Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Rainbowrv has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Rainbowrv has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Rainbowrv Services (or any portion thereof). Rainbowrv is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. For this reason, we do not allow access to persons under 18 years of age
4. RAINBOWRV PRIVACY POLICY
Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject to our applicable privacy policy. For more information, see the full Rainbowrv Privacy Policy privacy statement at our online statement link, You understand that through your use of the Rainbowrv Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the applicable privacy policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to our  hostgator server account  and other web hosting accounts  for storage, processing and use by Rainbowrv.
5. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account  screen name and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Rainbowrv of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit  or logout from your account at the end of each use. Privacy area of member profile has preset defaults that must set and maintained by the user.. Rainbowrv cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.
6. MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all Content such as ;information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Rainbowrv, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Rainbowrv Services. Rainbowrv does not control the Content posted via the Rainbowrv Services and,  does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Rainbowrv Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Rainbowrv be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Rainbowrv Services.
You agree to not use the Rainbowrv Services to:
a. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
b. harm minors in any way;
c. impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Rainbowrv official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
d. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Rainbowrv Service;
e. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
f. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
g. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose
h. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
i. disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Rainbowrv Services are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
j. interfere with or disrupt the Rainbowrv Services or servers or networks connected to the Rainbowrv Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Rainbowrv Services, including using any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers;
k. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
l. provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
m. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; and/or
n. collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs a through m above.
You acknowledge that Rainbowrv may or may not review prior to post  Content, but that Rainbowrv and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any Content that is available via the Rainbowrv Services. Without limiting the foregoing, Rainbowrv and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Rainbowrv or submitted to Rainbowrv, including without limitation information in Rainbowrv Message Boards and in all other parts of the Rainbowrv Services.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Rainbowrv may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the TOS; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Rainbowrv, its users and the public.
You understand that the Rainbowrv Services and software embodied within the Rainbowrv Services may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Rainbowrv and/or content providers who provide content to the Rainbowrv Services. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Rainbowrv Services. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Rainbowrv Services, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
7. INTERSTATE NATURE OF COMMUNICATIONS ON RAINBOWRV NETWORK
When you register with Rainbowrv, you acknowledge that in using the Rainbowrv Services to send electronic communications (including but not limited to email, search queries, sending messages to Rainbowrv notes or Rainbowrv Groups, uploading photos and files to photo and other Internet activities), you will be causing communications to be sent through Bluehost computer networks, portions of which are located in several locations in the United States.  As a result, and also as a result of Rainbowrv's network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications, even communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission. Accordingly, by agreeing to this TOS, you acknowledge that use of the service results in interstate data transmissions.
8. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE AND EXPORT AND IMPORT COMPLIANCE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Use of the Rainbowrv Services and transfer, posting and uploading of software, technology, and other technical data via the Rainbowrv Services may be subject to the export and import laws of the United States and other countries. You agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations. In particular, you: (a) represent that you are not a party identified on any government export exclusion list, including but not limited to the U.S. Denied Persons, Entity, and Specially Designated Nationals Lists, nor will you transfer software, technology, and other technical data via the Rainbowrv Services to parties identified on such lists; (b) agree not to use the Rainbowrv Services for military, nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weaponry end uses in violation of U.S. export laws; (c) agree not to transfer, upload, or post via the Rainbowrv Services any software, technology or other technical data in violation of U.S. or other applicable export or import laws.
9. CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES
Rainbowrv does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Rainbowrv Services. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Rainbowrv Services, you grant Rainbowrv the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
a. With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Rainbowrv Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Rainbowrv Services solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific Rainbowrv Group to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Rainbowrv Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Rainbowrv removes such Content from the Rainbowrv Services.
b. With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Rainbowrv Services other than Rainbowrv Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Rainbowrv Services solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Rainbowrv Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Rainbowrv removes such Content from the Rainbowrv Services.
c. With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Rainbowrv Services other than Rainbowrv Groups, the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Rainbowrv Services are those areas of the Rainbowrv network of properties that are intended by Rainbowrv to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Rainbowrv Services would include Rainbowrv public events calendar  and portions of Rainbowrv Groups and photos uploaded to public view  that are open to both members and visitors. However, publicly accessible areas of the Rainbowrv Services would not include portions of Rainbowrv Groups that are limited to members, Rainbowrv services intended for private communication such as Rainbowrv Member Calendar, Community chapter clubs, default rested photo albums , or areas off of the Rainbowrv network of properties such as portions of World Wide Web sites that are accessible via hypertext or other links but are not hosted or served by Rainbowrv.
10. CONTRIBUTIONS TO RAINBOWRV
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ("Contributions") to Rainbowrv through its suggestion or feedback webpages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (b) Rainbowrv is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (c) Rainbowrv shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) Rainbowrv may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (e) your Contributions automatically become the property of Rainbowrv without any obligation of Rainbowrv to you; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Rainbowrv under any circumstances.
11. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Rainbowrv and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit, modify or otherwise make available through the Rainbowrv Services, your use of the Rainbowrv Services, your connection to the Rainbowrv Services, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
12. NO COMMERCIAL REUSE OF RAINBOWRV SERVICES
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Rainbowrv Services (including Content, advertisements, Software and your Rainbowrv ID).
13. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that Rainbowrv may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Rainbowrv Services, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Rainbowrv Services, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Rainbowrv Services, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Rainbowrv Services, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Rainbowrv's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Rainbowrv Services in a given period of time. You agree that Rainbowrv has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Rainbowrv Services. You acknowledge that Rainbowrv reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Rainbowrv reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
Rainbowrv Messenger, including any web-based versions, will allow you and the people with whom you communicate to save your conversations in your Rainbowrv accounts located on Rainbowrv servers. This means you can access and search your message history from any computer with access to the internet. Whether or not you use this feature, other users may choose to use it to save conversations with you in their account on Rainbowrv too. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your consent to allow Rainbowrv to store these communications on its servers.
14. MODIFICATIONS TO RAINBOWRV SERVICES
Rainbowrv reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Rainbowrv Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Rainbowrv shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Rainbowrv Services (or any part thereof).
15. TERMINATION
You may terminate your Rainbowrv account, any associated email address and access to the Rainbowrv Services by submitting such termination request to Rainbowrv.
You agree that Rainbowrv may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, limit your access to or suspend your Rainbowrv account, any associated email address, and access to the Rainbowrv Services. Cause for such termination, limitation of access or suspension shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b)requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) discontinuance or material modification to the Rainbowrv Services (or any part thereof), (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (e) extended periods of inactivity, (f) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Rainbowrv Services. Further, you agree that all terminations, limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in Rainbowrv's sole discretion and that Rainbowrv shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Rainbowrv Services.
Termination of your Rainbowrv account includes any or all of the following: (a) removal of access to all or part of the offerings within the Rainbowrv Services, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring of further use of all or part of the Rainbowrv Services.
16. DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Rainbowrv Services, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that Rainbowrv shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Rainbowrv Services.
17. LINKS
The Rainbowrv Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Rainbowrv is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Rainbowrv shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
18. RAINBOWRV'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the Rainbowrv Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Rainbowrv Services ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in advertisements or information presented to you through the Rainbowrv Services or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or as authorized by Rainbowrv or the applicable licensor (such as an advertiser), you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform or create derivative works based on the Rainbowrv Services, such Content or the Software, in whole or in part.
Rainbowrv grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Rainbowrv Services. You agree not to access the Rainbowrv Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Rainbowrv for use in accessing the Rainbowrv Services.
19. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
a. YOUR USE OF THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
b. RAINBOWRV AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
c. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, INTERNET ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR DISPLAY DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
d. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM RAINBOWRV OR THROUGH OR FROM THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES OR SOFTWARE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
e. A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF USERS MAY EXPERIENCE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES WHEN EXPOSED TO CERTAIN LIGHT PATTERNS OR BACKGROUNDS ON A COMPUTER SCREEN OR WHILE USING THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE. CERTAIN CONDITIONS MAY INDUCE PREVIOUSLY UNDETECTED EPILEPTIC SYMPTOMS EVEN IN USERS WHO HAVE NO HISTORY OF PRIOR SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. IF YOU, OR ANYONE IN YOUR FAMILY, HAVE AN EPILEPTIC CONDITION, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN PRIOR TO USING THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE. IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE RAINBOWRV SERVICES AND CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING SYMPTOMS WHILE USING THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE: DIZZINESS, ALTERED VISION, EYE OR MUSCLE TWITCHES, LOSS OF AWARENESS, DISORIENTATION, ANY INVOLUNTARY MOVEMENT, OR CONVULSIONS.
20. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT RAINBOWRV AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF RAINBOWRV HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE RAINBOWRV SERVICE.
21. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 19 AND 20 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
22. SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR RAINBOWRV SERVICES RELATING TO FINANCIAL MATTERS
If you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts or other information from the Rainbowrv Services concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or securities, please read the above Sections 19 and 20 again. They go doubly for you. In addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase "Let the investor beware" is apt. The Rainbowrv Services is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Rainbowrv Services is intended for trading or investing purposes. Rainbowrv and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Rainbowrv Services, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on such information.
23. NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.
24. NOTICE
Rainbowrv may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the TOS, including by but not limited to email, regular mail, SMS, MMS, text message, postings on the Rainbowrv Services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed. Such notices may not be received if you violate this TOS by accessing the Rainbowrv Services in an unauthorized manner. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your agreement that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the Rainbowrv Services in an authorized manner.
25. TRADEMARK INFORMATION
You agree that all of Rainbowrv's trademarks, trade names, service marks and other Rainbowrv logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of Gregory O'Connor Without Gregory O'Connor's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the Rainbowrv Marks.
26. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
Rainbowrv respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Rainbowrv may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Rainbowrv's Copyright Agent the following information:
a. an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
b. a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
c. a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
d. your address, telephone number, and email address;
e. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
f. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Rainbowrv's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail:PO Box 307 Perris, Ca 92572By phone: (951)830-5997By fax: (951) 928-0873By email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
27. GENERAL INFORMATION
Entire Agreement. The TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you and Rainbowrv and governs your use of the Rainbowrv Services, superseding any prior version of this TOS between you and Rainbowrv with respect to the Rainbowrv Services. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Rainbowrv services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.
Choice of Law and Forum. You and Rainbowrv each agree that the TOS and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions and that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the TOS, or the relationship between you and Rainbowrv, shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of Riverside, California. You and Rainbowrv agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Riverside, California, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of Rainbowrv to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect.
No Right of Survivorship and Non-Transferability. You agree that your Rainbowrv account is non-transferable and any rights to your Rainbowrv ID or contents within your account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all contents therein permanently deleted.
Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Rainbowrv Services or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
28. VIOLATIONS
Please report any violations of the TOS to our This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
29. Refunds of Subscriptions.
Subscriptions to members areas of the website  are renewed yearly via automated secure processing. The term is one year from each renewal.  RainbowRV offer no refunds nor prorate refunds for in-term cancellations of membership.  Cancellation of membership will force a stop to reoccurring billing. Cancellation is easy, complete a contact request or call, text, email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.  , 951-830-5997 with your demand.
Event Terms and Conditions
Any Every and All RaninbowRV Event Terms and ConditionsAcceptance of the herein terms and conditions is a requirement to attend this and other RainbowRV sanctioned events. The Term "RainbowRV" in this document is understood to include Registered members, Event Host, Chapter Representatives, Volunteers ,Affiliates, Directors, Successors, Employees, Rainbowrv club owners and Agents ( each =Indemnified Persons). The Registered member who accepts these terms and conditions assumes the responsibility for acceptance for any other persons introduced to the activity as their guest. Copies of these event Terms and Conditions are made available for guest of registered members. The responsibility of securing and maintaining guest enforceable acceptance of the terms and conditions is born by the member.RainbowRV Sanctioned events are listed on the members only area Calendars and found in view of a Members Only subscription granted access to data on the RainbowRV.com domain. Members with knowledge of these terms and conditions and do not pass a traceable acceptance are bound by the protection these terms and conditions provide RainbowRV. This document is designed to provide RainbowRV with the highest level of relief of liability and fault arising out of any situation and involvement of RainbowRV Club sanctioned events.Registered membership on the website requires acceptance of a Terms and Conditions document titled Terms of Use http://rainbowrv.com/info/terms-of-use.html . Terms of use are not replace by this perquisite Event Terms and Conditions instrument. This document is accepted in addition to Terms of Use .RainbowRV shall not be liable, responsible or accountable for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the event, or any good or service offered by RainbowRV. You agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and hold harmless each RainbowRV Indemnified Person from and against any and all claims, obligations, costs, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, proceedings, disbursements, expenses (including the reasonable expense of defending, investigating or preparing to defend, or the cost of any appeal or settlement of, any claim, suit, action or proceeding instituted or threatened and the costs of enforcing its indemnification rights hereunder) or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) of any kind or nature whatsoever suffered or sustained  by reason of, or in any way relating to or arising out of, or alleged to relate to or arise out of or caused or alleged to have been caused in whole or in part by, any acts performed or omitted to be performed by such Indemnified Person concerning the Event, or any good or service offered by Indemnified Party.Venue specific rules, terms, regulation, and instructions are enforced by the author and prove to provide additional protection to Rainbowrv. State, Federal, Local rules laws and expected conduct, including but not limited to ,;Department of Motor Vehicles, ; Animal control; local Police are enforced by agencies empowered by code. Such code proves to provide additional protection to RainbowRV. There is no obligation for RainbowRV to take or instigate corrective action or make notification of necessary violation. Even when delay prove to cause additional loss.Choice of Law and Forum. You and RainbowRV each agree that the Terms and Conditions and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions and that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the Terms and Conditions, or the relationship between you and RainbowRV, shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of Riverside, California. You and Rainbowrv agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Riverside, California, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts..
Under no circumstance , including , but not limited to negligence, shall RainbowRV be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use , consumption of food and beverage, planning, or inability to use consume or plan, even if RainbowRV has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful or void, or for any reason unenforceable, then the provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. We reserve the right to make changes and additions to these terms and conditions .
Cancelation PolicyRainbowRv offer no promise of a  refund of any kind for cancellation's made after event signup.  Any refund offer or payment forwarded to a member for event reservations canceled will not set president to future refunds .  If any refund is arranged  such will bear a cost of  the higher amount 25% or $30.00
Contact Gregory O'Connor 951-830-5997 or email a request with a form on the Contact Page
You are now being logged in using your Facebook credentials