https://www.shelterwa.org.au/privacy/
You are here:
Privacy
Privacy
How data is collected and stored
We collect information from you so that we can perform our business activities and functions and provide the best possible quality service.
We collect, hold and utilise your information for the following purposes:
to provide services and to send communications as requested by you;
to keep you informed of information and events relevant to the sector;
to keep your membership information and/or contact details up to date; and
to process and respond to any feedback received from you.
Information is collected through a few third party applications which are used for the following reasons:
Eventbrite: For the promotion of events managed by Shelter WA and the managing of attendees. Information inputted by the user is also collected and stored in the Customer Relationship Management System – Salesforce. The information is used to develop and improve the information and services provided to our users. The privacy policies for these applications can be found here (Eventbrite) and the Salesforce link below.
SurveyMonkey: Used for online surveys to inform our policy positions and to collect feedback and opinions on sector related questions. Information inputted by the user is also collected and stored in the Customer Relationship Management System – Salesforce. The information is used to develop and improve the information and services provided to our users. The privacy policies for these applications can be found here (SurveyMonkey) and the Salesforce link below.
Mailchimp – Used for Electronic Direct Mail including newsletters and alerts. Only if users have signed up or given Us authority to send mail will they receive content from this platform. Information inputted by the user is also collected and stored in the Customer Relationship Management System – Salesforce. The information is used to develop and improve the information and services provided to our users. The privacy policies for these applications can be found here (Mailchimp) and the Salesforce link below.
Salesforce – Used as a customer relationship management system to allow us effectively manage client relationships, manage marketing campaigns and ensure that the information and content delivered to our users is relevant and appropriate. The privacy policies for this application can be found here (Salesforce).
Social media channels
We have an active presence on numerous social media channels in order to keep users up to date with information relating to the sector. The privacy policies for each of these can be found at the following pages Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.
Third parties
We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party unless required by law.
Google analytics
We use google analytics to continually improve the content and layout of our website. Google does collect information more about how they use this data can be found here.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behaviour. Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of our website. Our website uses cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google AdWords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
How can you access and correct your contact information?
You may request access to any contact information we hold about you at any time by getting in touch with us at the CONTACT US form. Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you).
We may charge you a fee to cover our administrative and other reasonable costs in providing the information to you. Depending on the complexity of the request, a small fee may apply.  We will not charge for simply making the request and will not charge for making any corrections to your personal information.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the contact information we hold. For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.
If you believe that information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request us to amend it. We will consider if the information requires amendment. If we do not agree that there are grounds for amendment, then we will add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.
Contacting us
If you have any further questions regarding this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your privacy or a possible breach of your privacy, please contact us at shelterwa@shelterwa.org.au or call (08) 9325 6660.
We will treat your requests or complaints confidentially. Our representative will contact you within a reasonable time after receipt of your complaint to discuss your concerns and outline options regarding how they may be resolved. We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in timely and appropriate manner.
Subscribe to Shelter WA
Receive news and events from Shelter WA straight to your inbox
Subscribe
Media Centre
Become a member
Contact Us Claisebrook Lotteries House 33 Moore Street East Perth WA 6004
(08) 9325 6660
info@shelterwa.org.au
Connect with usFacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTubeAbout UsStrategic Plan
Our History
Our Team
Our Board
Our Members
Our Partners
Shelter Network
Annual Reports
Our WorkAdvocacy
Policy Positions
Submissions & Research
Campaigns & Projects
Knowledge HubLatest Reports
Information & Fact Sheets
Resources
Case Studies
Real Stories
Myth Busters
Get InvolvedBecome a Member
Member Login
Donations
Other ways to get involved
Scroll to top
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset