https://www.tefillos.com/policies.asp
Parshas Hamon
Birkas Hamazon
Me'en Sholosh
Mincha &Maariv
Krias Shema
Tefillas Ha'Sheloh
Igeres HaRamban
Asher Yotzar
Tehillim
Segulos
Tefillas HaDerech
Subscribe
Tweet
Policies
Our privacy policies are strict and are adhered to at all times. You can be confident that any and all information submitted to our site remains confidential forever. By informing you of our policy we are promoting trust and confidence, for all those who submit information, whether purchasing or requesting specific information and for membership sign up.
Personal Information:
Information we collect is your name, phone number and email address. The data is stored (only if you request so by signing in) and encrypted in a secured database and can only be accessed through
the Webmaster with personal coded information. Should you want the information to be removed you can email us at info@tefillos.com at any time and let us know what you would like us
to do. All requests are completed in an expedited manner, and confirmation is sent to your email as soon as we fulfill you request.
If you want to edit or delete any information yourself you can do so by logging in to the system.
We use the information you provide about yourself for the purpose of sending you reminders you choose. We do not share this information with outside parties except
to the extent necessary to complete that request.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Security:
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information on our registration forms, we encrypt that information.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can send us an email at info@tefillos.com.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies and session ID cookies on this site only
to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive
for an extended period of time.
We set a session ID cookie to keep track of your account when navigating our website. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You can remove persistent cookies
by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. For more information on Cookies Click Here
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies. GoDaddy sets their own cookie to verify
and track the security of our website and the information you submit.
Agents:
Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect
our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
Links:
Our website contains links to other sites.  Tefillos.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
We suggest you check the privacy statement on each site you visit, they may collect cookies and other information. You will need to check out their privacy statement.
Questions:
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact eli@tefillos.com.
You can request to remove or delete all information about you - and/or you can access your maintained personally identifiable information by e-mailing
a request for access, to:
info@tefillos.com
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other
places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here,
by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
Last Updated on 03/23/2015
Sponsors
[ Home |
Parshas Hamon |
Birkas Hamazon |
Me'en Sholosh |
Mincha & Maariv |
Krias Shema |
Tefillas Ha'Sheloh |
Igeres Haramban
Tehillim |
Tefillas Haderech |
Subscribe |
Links |
Contact Us |
Policies |
Sponsor/Donate |
View Mobile
]
Copyright ©2002-2020 Tefillos.com
info@Tefillos.com