http://www.bridgewest.com/other/voluntary-relinquishment-of-legal-permanent-resident-status/
About Us
Services
Nonimmigrant Visas
B-1 Business Visitor Visa
B-2 Tourist and Medical Visas
F-1 Student Visas
H-1B Specialty Worker Visas
J-1 Exchange Visitor Visas
L-1 Intracompany Transferees
O-1 Extraordinary/Distinguished Ability
P Visas — Athletes, Artists, and Entertainers
Non-immigrant Waivers
Immigrant Visas
Diversity Visa Lottery
Family Immigration
K-1 Fiancé Visas
Immigration for Spouses of US Citizens
Immigration for Parents of US Citizens
Family Immigration to the United States
Expedited Immigrant Visas for Relatives of Expatriates
Employment Immigration
Extraordinary Ability
Multinational Executives and Managers
National Interest Waivers
EB-5
Violence Against Women Act
and U Visa Eligibility
Immigrant Waivers
Citizenship
US Citizenship Overview
Birth in the United States
Naturalization
Expedited US Citizenship for Foreign Spouses of US Expatriates
Foreign Students and Employees in US
Other
Change of Status / Extension of Status
Adjustment of Status vs. Consular Processing
Obtaining Government Files — Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act
Litigation: Bringing Mandamus Lawsuits Against USCIS and Consulates for Substantial Processing Delays
Preserving Permanent Residency and Obtaining a Reentry Permit
Lost Green Cards and Transportation Letters
Returning Resident (SB-1) Visas
Voluntary Relinquishment of Legal Permanent Resident Status
Humanitarian Parole
Case Studies
Blog
Consultation
Contact
Disclaimer
Voluntary Relinquishment of Legal Permanent Resident StatusIndividuals who have green cards may realize that they no longer wish to retain their permanent resident status for a variety of reasons — plans change and they do not plan to reside in the United States; or it is difficult to maintain status for economic reasons, such as American taxes and employment opportunities. For such individuals, they may voluntarily give up their green card at the nearest consulate or USCIS office and obtain a visitor’s visa. Because of the serious ramifications of such a decision, one should not undertake such a decision lightly. In addition to immigration counsel, one should consult with a US tax specialist to understand the implications of giving up LPR status.
The procedure for relinquishment is an official one — it takes place under oath, in the presence of an American officer, who takes the green card from the individual. Once the green card is relinquished, permanent residency status may be attained only by starting all over again — qualifying under a family, employment, or other category.
How does White & Associates help?
We have helped numerous individuals give up their US permanent resident status. First, it is necessary to discuss the advantages, disadvantages and consequences of this serious step. What may seem like a good idea today may not be a year or two from now. It is very important to make this decision with a long-term view in mind. Sometimes a viable alternative for someone who is compelled for business or family reasons to spend prolonged periods of time in his home country is to receive a reentry permit rather than give up his green card. We can put you in touch with qualified tax counsel and coordinate all legal aspects for you.
If the decision is made to relinquish the green card, we prepare the I-407 application form and supporting documentation required. Sometimes, we can accompany you to the relinquishment interview. After the green card is relinquished, we assist in obtaining a visitor’s visa to ensure that you will continue to have access to the United States when needed. While receiving a visitor’s visa should be a formality — after all, the applicant had the ability to continue to live in the United States permanently and declined to do so by giving up the green card — there have been times when consular officers have refused these applicants, thus underscoring the need for qualified legal counsel.
Please contact us to discuss how we may be of assistance.
Change of Status / Extension of Status
Adjustment of Status vs. Consular Processing
Obtaining Government Files — Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act
Litigation: Bringing Mandamus Lawsuits Against USCIS and Consulates for Substantial Processing Delays
Preserving Permanent Residency and Obtaining a Reentry Permit
Lost Green Cards and Transportation Letters
Returning Resident (SB-1) Visas
Voluntary Relinquishment of Legal Permanent Resident Status
Humanitarian Parole
Case Studies
M had a boyfriend in the US. She was a successful business woman in her home country with no intention of immigrating. After she became pregnant and gave birth, she needed assistance in obtaining a US passport for her child. The Embassy required that the child and the father go through DNA testing. We arranged for the DNA testing, and after the test results were delivered to the Embassy, her son received a US passport.
Case of M.V.
Other cases