https://www.faupel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Musser Love, P.C.
Free 15 Minute Phone Consultation (734) 677-0776
Menu
Home
About Us
Our Firm
Cassandra Musser
Alison Love
Practice Areas
Family Law & Divorce
Divorce
Custody & Parenting Time
Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements
Other Family Law Services
Estate Planning & Probate Law
Estate Administration
Prenuptial Agreement
Wills
Trusts
Power of Attorney
Guardianships & Conservatorships
Mediation & Arbitration Services
Arbitration
Mediation
Parenting Coordination
Guardian Ad Litem (GAL)
Lawyer Guardian Ad Litem
More Services
Personal Protection Orders
Name Changes
Testimonials
Resources
Articles
Blog
Helpful Links
FAQs
Contact Us
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Musser Love, P.C. (“we”). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies. Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads. Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes. Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below. Last modified. January 25, 2018
Practice Areas
Family Law
Estate Planning
Mediation
More Services
Contact Us For More Information
We offer a free 15 minute phone consultation
Name*
First
Phone NumberEmail Address*
MessageCAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact Us
Call now for a free 15 Minute Phone Consultation
Musser Love, P.C.
4844 Jackson Road Suite 204
Ann Arbor, MI 48103
Phone:
(734) 677-0776
Make a Payment © 2020 Musser Love, P.C. View Our Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Law Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Musser Love, P.C.
phonePhone
location_onMap
emailEmail
closeClose
COVID-19 ALERT
COVID-19 Quarantine Update
In regards to Covid-19,  We are reviewing the best guidelines for our city and state for how
we should conduct business and plan to update this message as soon as we can.
Please call our office(s) to get learn how we are engaging with current clients and new at this time.
CLOSE