http://www.emergency.com/legal
Request a Callback
Have one of our Life Alert product specialists contact you and work together to see which Life Alert products best suit your needs.
Best time to contact
Anytime
Morning
Afternoon
Evening
Send Request
*We will use this information only to contact you. We will never sell or rent your personal information.
LifeAlert - Medical Alert Devices for Seniors. Live Alone Without Ever Being Alone!
REQUEST A CALLBACK
OR CALL: 1800-329-2016
Emergency Alert Systems by Life Alert
Home
Why LifeAlert®?
Products
No Retirement Home
Testimonials
Emergency.com Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Emergency.com is an official affiliate of Life Alert® and is therefore permitted to market Life Alert® products and services. Emergency.com transmits the contact information which it collects directly to Life Alert®.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form
When ordering or registering on Emergency.com, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit Emergency.com anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce Emergency.com policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children’s’ Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using Emergency.com, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Home
Why LifeAlert®?
Products
No Retirement Home
Testemonials
Emergency Alert Systems by LifeAlert © All rights reserved 2014-2015  |  Privacy Policy and Terms of Service