http://www.norwichbuddhistcentre.com/privacy-policy
Norwich Buddhist Centre
meditation
|
buddhism
|
yoga
home
register
log in
about us
contact us
policies
education
under 35?
retreats
meditation
buddhism
yoga
Home Meditation Buddhism Yoga Retreats Young Buddhists Education About Us Contact Our Policies and Guidelines Privacy Policy Programmes Login Register
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for Norwich Buddhist Centre Users.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice tell you how we will use and store the information you give us when you book a course of event with Norwich Buddhist Centre or choose to join one of our mailing lists. Please note: The wording in this document reflects the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Data Controller: Norwich Buddhist Centre
PrivacyNorwich Buddhist Centre collects and processes personal data relating to individuals accessing their services in order to manage the relationship between Norwich Buddhist Centre and the individual. Norwich Buddhist Centre is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations.The Norwich Buddhist Centre takes the issue of your privacy seriously. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy that are not addressed here, please contact as below or in person:
Norwich Buddhist Centre TeamNorwich Buddhist Centre, 14 Bank Street, Norwich, NR2 4SEinfo@norwichbuddhistcentre.com01603 627034
What information does Norwich Buddhist Centre collect?
Norwich Buddhist Centre collects and processes a range of information about you when you access our services. This information may be collected in a number of ways. For example, data might be collected in person, via email or via the Norwich Buddhist Centre website when you book on an event or course, ask to use our library or request to receive publicity and information from us.
Data may be stored in a range of different places, including:
On virtual databases on Norwich Buddhist Centre’s IT Network and secure backup disks,
In paper folders in a locked cabinet at Norwich Buddhist Centre,
In financial records,
On other IT systems (including Norwich Buddhist Centre’s website database, email system, Gmail account and Mailchimp database)
This data may include:Name, address, contact details, including email address, phone number, emergency contact details / next of kinNorwich Buddhist Centre website login informationInformation about events bookedGender, Triratna status (attendee, Mitra, GFR, order member, including significant dates), Order nameGift aid preferencesLibrary numberMedical requirements, dietary requirements (when booking retreats)Mailing and marketing preferences.information to identify if you are under 18 years old – this is to allow us to follow safeguarding procedures.
Norwich Buddhist Centre website also collects information about your use of our website including IP address, how much time you spend on the site and what you like to view, from both registered users and general visitors to the site. This data is used solely to manage the website, track usage and improve our website services. This information does not identify the user personally and may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services, for example with google analytics
Why does Norwich Buddhist Centre process personal data?
Norwich Buddhist Centre has a legitimate interest in processing personal data before, during and after you use our services. Processing data from individuals who use Norwich Buddhist Centre and our services allows us to:
Manage the booking process;
Make future bookings quicker and easier to make and to process;
Inform you of changes to courses or events and send out course materials;
Manage payments and donations;
Claim gift aid where relevant;
Organise retreats, including organising lift sharing, dietary requirements for meals or contacting your next of kin in case of an emergency;
Contact relevant groups about events and other communications (e.g. contacting Mitras about upcoming Mitra events), including requests for support or donations;
Manage library reservations and
Manage your marketing and unsubscribe preferencesArrange and manage lift-shares to events
Contact you about other courses or events that you may be interested in
Norwich Buddhist Centre may process special categories of data, such as gender information. We may also collect information about health or medical conditions to allow us to make reasonable adjustments or ensure accessibility to events.
We may use your email address to send you information regarding our classes, offers and events. However, we will only do so if you have given us your permission. If you change your mind at a later date simply click on the word 'Unsubscribe' on the relevant email newsletter.
Norwich Buddhist Centre will not use your data for any purposes other than those stated in this policy.
Who has access to data?
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the running the Centre and Centre activities. This includes, when appropriate, event organisers and teachers (including outreach group organisers), the Centre team, Mitra convenors, the Chair and council, our webmaster and volunteers if necessary for performance of their roles.
Norwich Buddhist Centre will only share your data with third parties in the following cases
MailChimp where subscribed to one or more of our mailing lists,
Our website/email host Dharmachakra
Our webmaster
Our accountant
SAGE Pay where payments have been made via online bookingsWhere relevant and upon request, other event attendees (to arrange lift-sharing to events).
The server that hosts Norwich Buddhist Centre website and email, and the Mailchimp and Google Mail servers are situated in the United States, so your data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area in these cases. These hosts adhere to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks which comply with General Data Protection Requirements.
MailChimp may process your data in the following ways: collecting data such as via sign-up forms; storage of personal data within our MailChimp account in order to allow us to create and use distribution lists, send marketing email campaigns, and place online advertisements; and the transfer of personal data to certain of MailChimp’s sub-processors who perform some critical services, such as helping MailChimp prevent abuse and providing support to customers.
Norwich Buddhist Centre will never sell or trade your personal data or disclose your personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary to conform to legal requirements, to protect our rights, to protect the safety of members of the public or those attending Norwich Buddhist Centre, or for data processing purposes as stated above relating to website and email hosting.
How does Norwich Buddhist Centre protect data?
Norwich Buddhist Centre takes the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except as described above. Refer to the Data Protection Procedure for more information. Access to Norwich Buddhist Centre databases is restricted to the Norwich Buddhist Centre team, Mitra convenors, teachers / course leaders, relevant volunteers, the Chair and Council members where necessary. All Employees and Volunteers are made aware of the Norwich Buddhist Centre Data Protection Procedure and Retention Period Policy, and given relevant training on Data Protection.
Norwich Buddhist Centre website contains links to other Triratna websites which you may find useful or of interest. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, the user should satisfy themselves as to the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on our site.
For how long does the organisation keep data?
Norwich Buddhist Centre will hold your personal data for the duration of your use of our services, until you ask us to remove you from our systems or withdraw your consent. Once you withdraw your consent or ask to be removed from our system, your data is deleted or destroyed. Please refer to our Retention Period Policy for more details.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
Require the organisation to change incorrect or incomplete data;
Require the organisation to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
Object to the processing of your data where the organisation is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Norwich Buddhist Centre Team: info@norwichbuddhistcentre.com or phone 01603 627034
If you believe that Norwich Buddhist Centre has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
What if you do not provide personal data?
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to the organisation during your use of our services. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your bookings, library access or marketing preferences properly or at all.
Certain information, such as contact details and information requested for bookings, library use and mailing lists, have to be provided to enable Norwich Buddhist Centre to provide you with access to our services. If you do not provide some of this information, it may hinder Norwich Buddhist Centre’s ability to provide you with our services and to enter into a relationship with you.
Automated decision-making
Our data
processes are not based solely on automated decision-making.
Cookies
We may collect information about the software on your computer (your browser version etc.) and your IP address (your connection with the internet) to improve your interaction with the Website and for our records.
This may happen automatically without your being aware of it.We may use cookies (small text files which we and other website operators store on your computer when you visit our websites) to deliver a better and more personalised interaction. They enable us to recognise you when you return to the Website, store information about your preferences, and improve the way your searches are processed.
They also enable us to generate statistics about the number of visitors we have and how they use the Website and the internet.
You can set your browser to reject our cookies if you wish (you should consult your browser help section for details), but this might restrict your use of the website and other websites.
April 2018
Come and visit us
We welcome visits to the centre and our team provides workshops or courses for schools, community groups or professional bodies.
We can also visit your group or organisation.
Bookshop and daytime reception open for enquiries 12 till 3pm Monday to Saturday.
We are here...
Get in touch
14 Bank Street
Norwich
Norfolk
NR2 4SE
(01603) 627 034
Google map »Google street view »
© 2020 Norwich Buddhist Centre. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy