https://www.uuchurchlc.org/footer-information/website-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Unitarian Universalist Church of Las Cruces
A welcoming congregation. Services every Sunday of the year.
Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram
Give
Directions
Search
Contact Us
Submit a Joy, Sorrow or Milestone
2000 South Solano Drive
575-522-7281
Website Privacy Policy
Security is Important to Everyone
This website security policy ensures that we use good business and security practices to collect data on our website.
We know that you care how we use and share information about you. To that end, following statements will help you understand how we will collect, use, and protect the information you give to us.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may collect any information that you give to us voluntarily, such as; names, e-mail addresses, etc.
We use cookies to store and sometimes track information about people who use our website but the cookies do not contain personal information.
We use the personal information that you give to us to operate, support, and offer the features and services of this website and also to support the church’s mission.
We will never share your personal information without your permission unless required to do so by law or by subpoena.
We take proper security measures to protect against unauthorized data access, modification, disclosure or destruction.
Our security measures protect data from unauthorized disclosure and damage as well as unauthorized changes, disclosure or destruction of data.
We use personal information only for the reasons stated when we ask for it.
We take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information we process is correct, complete, and current, but we depend on you to update or correct your personal information when necessary.
Statistical information that we collect
We collect information on the browsing habits of our website visitors, also the companies that help us to analyze the data we collect have access to that information.
We collect information using cookies and JavaScript; if you enable JavaScript on your browser, we will collect data about your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country.
The statistical information that we collect is used only for statistical purposes and cannot name you as an individual.
Information accuracy
We make every effort to make sure that the information presented in our website is correct. When we find incorrect information, we make every effort to correct it quickly.
To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please send email to webmaster@uuchurchlc.org.
Links to third-party sites
Our website has hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Unitarian Universalist Church of Las Cruces. These hyperlinks only for your convenience. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. Including hyperlinks to other web sites does not mean we agree or approve of the material on these sites or that we have any connection to the sites’ operators.
Section Navigation
FooterTerms and Conditions
Website Accessibility
Website Privacy Policy
December 13, service at 10:00 AMRev. Xolani KacelaThe Blue Christmas Service is our collective opportunity to reflect on the year’s losses and griefs.