http://www.llhf.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to content. |
Skip to navigation
Site Map
Accessibility
Contact
Search Site
Advanced Search…
The Larry L. Hillblom Foundation
Sections
About Us
Funded Research
News & Events
Grants
My Grant
Personal tools
Log in
Join
Home
>
About Us
>
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Board of Directors
Contact
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Document Actions
Privacy Policy
MAY 25, 2011: IMPORTANT: BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR
AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY
POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
Larry L. Hillblom Foundation Website Privacy Policy
Larry L. Hillblom Foundation ("LLHF," "us" or "we") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its members, visitors and other users of this website located at http://www.llhf.org (this "Website"). We created this Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use this Website, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes the Personally Identifiable Information (as defined in Section 1.3, below) that LLHF collects in the United States through this Website and how we use that information. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies solely to our online information gathering and dissemination practices in connection with this Website, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our practices regarding your Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us at petaluma@llhf.org.
1. Types of Information Collected.
1.1 Traffic Data. We may track and/or collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit this Website such as IP addresses, domain servers, types of computers accessing this Website, types of web browsers used to access this Website, the date and time that you access this Website, the website address, if any, from which you linked directly to this Website, and other similar traffic-related information (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but that is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on this Website. We also may aggregate your Traffic Data with similar data collected from other users to help us improve this Website and the services that we provide through this Website (the "Services"). We do not use such data in any way to create or maintain a personal profile of you.
1.2 Cookies. From time to time, we may use the standard "cookies" feature of major browser applications, which allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to this Website. Cookies help us learn which areas of this Website are useful and which areas need improvement. We do not set any Personally Identifiable Information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on this Website other than cookies. Promotions or advertisements displayed on this Website also may contain cookies. We do not have access to, or control over, information that may be collected by outside advertisers on this Website. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at this Website may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
1.3 Personally Identifiable Information. In general, you do not have to provide us with your Personally Identifiable Information to use this Website. However, certain services that we offer via this Website may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you. "Personally Identifiable Information" includes the following categories of information: (a) "Contact Data" (such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address); (b) "Financial Data" (such as your account or credit card number); and (c) "Demographic Data" (such as your zip code, age and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, register for events, subscribe to or use any of the services that we offer on this Website, submit a grant application, or otherwise complete online forms or surveys, then any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personally Identifiable Information.
2. Use and Sharing of Information Collected.
2.1 Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information. LLHF does not share, provide, sell, lease, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. However, LLHF may share: (a) Demographic Data with third parties, but only on an aggregate basis (i.e., non-personally-identifiable); and (b) Contact Data or Financial Data with certain companies pursuant to contracts or arrangements that we have with such companies in order to fulfill our business purposes. These companies have, or will agree, to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they only will use your Personally Identifiable Information to carry out their specific business obligations to LLHF. Please see our Opt-Out Policy (Section 3 of this Privacy Policy) if you do not want us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with any third parties. We reserve the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information to any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (a) by law; (b) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (c) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of this Website or our network; (iv) to enforce our Terms of Use; and/or (v) to protect the rights, property or safety of LLHF and its affiliates, their partners and employees, the users of this Website or the public.
3. Opt-Out Policy. You may choose not to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information and/or not to allow us to use cookies in connection with your visit to this Website. To opt out of providing information directly to LLHF, simply bypass or elect not to participate in the interactive areas of this Website. You also may opt out of allowing us to use cookie technology to facilitate your visit to this Website by making adjustments to your browser; however, it is possible that this Website will not function properly if you do so. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us and our partners, you may select the appropriate "opt-out" option each time we ask you for Personally Identifiable Information. If you do not want us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with any third parties, including those companies with which we have contracts or business arrangements necessary to fulfill our business purposes, then please e-mail us at petaluma@llhf.org or, where available, select the "opt-out" box on our online forms. Please note that, if you contact us by e-mail through this Website, then we may keep a record of your Contact Data and correspondence, and we reserve the right to use your e-mail address and any information that you provide to us in your message to respond thereto. In addition, on rare occasions, we may send by e-mail important administrative information regarding this Website or the Services to users who have provided us with their e-mail addresses. Because this information may be important to your use of this Website, it is not possible to opt out of receiving these e-mails.
4. Business Transfers. In order to accommodate changes in our business, LLHF may sell or buy, as applicable, portions of our company or other companies or assets, which portions or assets may include the information collected through this Website. LLHF reserves the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from users of this Website, or that we otherwise collect in connection with this Website, including, without limitation, to third parties, in the event of a sale or transfer of assets or of any portion of our business.
5. Protecting User Information.
5.1 Security of Personally Identifiable Information. LLHF seeks to adopt commercially reasonable security measures consistent with industry practice to assist in protecting against the loss, misuse and alteration of Personally Identifiable Information that is under our control. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and LLHF servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with this Website. You provide all such information entirely at your own risk.
5.2 Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personally Identifiable Information confidential and will not share it with third parties.
5.3 Lost or Stolen Information. You must promptly notify us if your user name, password, credit card or other Personally Identifiable Information is lost, stolen or used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that user name, password, credit card number or other Personally Identifiable Information from your account and update our records accordingly.
6. Correcting, Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information. If you would like to correct, update or delete your Personally Identifiable Information collected by LLHF, please contact us at petaluma@llhf.org. Please be sure to include your name, address and/or e-mail address and the nature of your request on your correspondence.
7. Website Areas Beyond LLHF's Control.
7.1 Public Forums. This Website may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in these interactive forums.
7.2 Third Party Websites. This Website may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
8. Special Notification about Webinars and Podcasts. The Webinars and Podcasts offered as services to the users of this Website are hosted by one or more unaffiliated third parties. Such third parties may require first time users to input Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, company and e-mail address. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy statements that control how any such third party handles Personally Identifiable Information that you input to register for the Webinars or Podcasts.
9. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets forth LLHF's current practices and procedures with respect to privacy. LLHF may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, change, modify or alter any or all portions of this Privacy Policy. LLHF shall post any revisions to this Privacy Policy to this Website, and the revisions shall be effective immediately upon such posting. You agree that, by continuing to use or access this Website following notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.
10. Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices related to this Website, or if you would like to have us remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our database, please contact us at:
Larry L. Hillblom Foundation755 Baywood Drive, Suite 180Petaluma, CA 94954Attn: Site Administrator
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
By publication of these materials, and solicitation of LOIs, and/or Applications for funding,
The LLHF makes no representations or assurances that any proposal received, notwithstanding its merit, will be funded.
Copyright ©
2004-2020
The Larry L. Hillblom Foundation, Inc. • 755 Baywood Drive, Suite 180 • Petaluma, CA 94954 • (707) 762-6691
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy
Powered by Plone CMS, the Open Source Content Management System
This site conforms to the following standards:
Section 508
WCAG
Valid XHTML
Valid CSS
Usable in any browser