https://www.carolsdaughter.com/customer-service/customer-service-mobile-terms/customer-service-mobile-text-terms.html
Skip To Main Menu
Skip To Refinements
Skip To Content
Learn about Holiday Shipping Here
EMAIL SIGNUP
Order Status
Membership
Carol's Daughter
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Search
Membership
Email Signup
Hair Products
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Sulfate Free Shampoos
Conditioners
Leave-In Conditioners
Detanglers
Combing Cremes
Hair Masks
Hair Oils
Treatments
Hairdress
Protective Stylers
Hair Moisturizers
Styling
Product Finder
Hair Type
Straight Hair
Wavy Hair
Curly Hair
Coily & Tightly Curled Hair
Damaged Hair
Dry Hair
Frizzy Hair
Thin & Fine Hair
Natural Hair
Body & Skin Care
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Body Washes & Soap
Body Moisturizers
Hand & Foot Care
Body Sprays
Face Care
Product Finder
Skin Type
All Skin Types
Dry Skin
Dull Skin
Extra-Dry Skin
Collections
Show All
Hair Products
Almond Milk – Daily Damage Repair
Black Vanilla – Moisture & Shine
Cactus Rose – Volume & Moisture
Coco Crème – Extreme Moisture
Goddess Strength – Moisture + Strength
Hair Milk – Nourishing & Conditioning
Mimosa Hair Honey – Protective Styles
Monoi – Repairing
Monoi Ora – Repair + Volume
Pracaxi Nectar – Styling by Nature
Sacred Tiare – Anti-Breakage
Wash Day – Deep Cleanse + Easy Detangling
Body & Skin Care
Almond Cookie
Angel Food Cake
Body Classics
Gardenia
Karité Coco
Lavender and Vanilla
Monoi Body
Ocean Flowers
Sugar Dipped Vanilla
Offers
Show All
Offers
NEW Holiday Gift Guide
Sale
Last Call
New Arrivals
Affordable Luxury
Accessible Beauty
Items $10 or Less
Travel Size
Gift Sets
Online Exclusive Sets
Sets Under $25
Sets $25-$49.99
Sets $50 and Up
About Us
Show All
About The Brand
#BORNANDMADE
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Family Favorites
Ingredients
Ingredients Guide
Blog
Show All
Hair
All Hairstyles
Natural Hairstyles
Curly Hairstyles
Short Hairstyles
Long Hairstyles
Braids
Hair Care Tips
Protective Styles
Lifestyle
All Lifestyle
Dry to Fly
Beauty
Travel
How-To Videos
All Videos
Hair Style Video Tutorials
Hair Care Video Tutorials
Discover Carol's Daughter
Curl Guide
Show All
Curl Hub
Curl Guide
4C Hair Type
4B Hair Type
4A Hair Type
3C Hair Type
3B Hair Type
3A Hair Type
2C Hair Type
2B Hair Type
2A Hair Type
Glossary
Curl Glossary
Sign In / Register
Order Status
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
FREE SAMPLES ALL ORDERS · FREE SHIPPING ALL ORDERS · FREE GIFT $50+ ORDERS
Carol's Daughter
About Us
Terms Of Use
About Us
Lisa's Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Review Guidelines
User Content Permission Terms
Dropdown
Lisa's Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Review Guidelines
User Content Permission Terms
Mobile Text Terms of Use
These Mobile Text Terms of Use (“Mobile TOU”) govern your use of the text messaging information and
marketing program (the “Program”) provided by Carol’s Daughter (the “Company”). Please read this Mobile
TOU carefully. By opting into the Program, you agree to this Mobile TOU, the Company’s online PRIVACY
POLICY and the Company’s overall TERMS OF USE, as amended from time to time (collectively, the
“Terms”). Before opting into the Program, please read the Terms carefully. Your access to, and use of, the
Program represents your agreement to these Mobile TOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS,
INCLUDING CHANGES THERETO, DO NOT ACCESS, SUBSCRIBE OR USE THE PROGRAM.
The Company’s Program is an account information and marketing program that sends its users updates on
account activity, as well as, but not limited to, great deals and special offers. This information is delivered
directly to their mobile phones, via SMS and/or MMS. As a Program member, you may receive order
updates, special deals, insider news, access to in-store events (where applicable), among other brand
specific communications.
Mobile Messaging Terms
When you provide the Company with your mobile phone number and opt into messaging, you are expressly agreeing that the
Company may send text messages (including SMS and MMS) to that phone number. You also agree to pay
the charges to your wireless bill or to have them deducted from your prepaid balance for this service. You
acknowledge that you are thirteen years of age or older and you have the consent of the wireless account
holder. The Company may send recurring auto marketing mobile messages per month. The number of
Account Updates & Information messages you receive will depend on your activity with the brand. If you
signed up by texting a signup keyword, you will receive a confirmation text message, and you may need to
reply as instructed to complete registration. Message and data rates apply. Reply STOP to cancel, HELP for
help.
If you opt-out, you agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. You may opt out at any
time by texting the word STOP to shortcode 26361. You agree to receive a final text message confirming
your opt-out. For help, send a text message with the keyword HELP to 26361. Texts may be sent through an
automatic telephone dialing system. Consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or
services. You agree to notify the Company of any changes to your mobile number and update your
subscription with the Company to reflect this change. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile
features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your
carrier with questions regarding these issues.
Sign Up For The Company’s Program
Sign up for the Company’s Program to receive texts with great deals, events and insider information. To opt
in, text CDBEAUTY to 26361 . You will receive a text from 26361 prompting you to reply. Reply with the
appropriate confirmation to specify the messages you wish to receive and confirm that you agree to the
Mobile Terms of Use. Message & data rates may apply.
Stop Receiving Promotional Text Messages
To stop receiving promotional or account update text messages from the Company, simply text STOP to
26361.
Note: None of these opt-out trigger words are case sensitive.
Alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving texts from the Company by contacting 877-540-2101.
Questions / Comments / Concerns
Please direct all comments, questions or concerns regarding the Company’s text messaging program to our
toll-free customer support line at 877-540-2101.
Help Command
For help at any time, text HELP to 26361 . This text messaging marketing program is free from the Company,
but message & data rates may apply.
Requirements
To take advantage of the Company’s text messaging marketing program, you must have a text
messaging-enabled mobile device with a text messaging plan.
Carriers Supported
The Company’s text messaging marketing program works with all major U.S. carrier and a host of other smaller regional carriers.
The Company reserves the right to modify these Mobile TOU by posting new versions on this website as well as the right to provide additional notices of significant changes. Your continued use of the Program following such changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes. Carriers are not responsible for delayed or undelivered messages.
About Us
Lisa’s Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Discontinued Products
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Terms
Mobile Text Terms
Track Your Order
Membership
Site Map
Popular Searches
Monoi
Hair Milk
Black Vanilla
Natural Hair
Marula
Leave-In Conditioner
Almond Cookie
Follow Us
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Pinterest
Sign up to receive 15% Off *
Sign up for exclusives offers & more
Receive 15% Off*
Become a Mobile Insider*
Email Address
Phone Number
Sign Up
This sign up is for US consumers. By registering, your information will be collected and used in the US subject to our US Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for this website, and you are verifying that you are 13 years of age or older. By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Carols Daughter and other LOréal brands and programs. Non-US consumers should visit the country website serving their region.
Sign up for email alerts!
*See SMS Terms & Conditions
Up to 10 auto dialed marketing message/mo. Standard messaging and data rate may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text HELP to 40679 for help. Text STOP to 40679 to stop receiving messages.
Thank you!
continue shopping
*Standard msg & data rates may apply. Consent not req to purchase. HELP=help, STOP=stop.
From humble beginnings in her kitchen, Carol’s Daughter founder Lisa Price transformed her beloved hobby of mixing fragrances at home into a beauty empire. After selling her natural beauty products at flea markets and from her living room, Price officially established Carol's Daughter, lovingly named for her mother. Today, we offer prestige hair, body and skincare products made with rare, natural ingredients like Monoi Oil, Cocoa and Shea Butters and Açai. We have collections that repair damaged hair (top-seller Monoi), perfect curls (classic Hair Milk) and soothe skin (favorite Almond Cookie).
Our Customer Service hours of operation are Monday – Friday, 8 AM – 5:30 PM (ET).
877-540-2101.
Carol’s Daughter, CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION OF L’OREAL USA S/D, INC. 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001.
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more, visit AdChoices, our Privacy Policy and User Content Permission Terms .
Copyright Carol’s Daughter © 2018. All rights reserved.
Please enter your email address below and we will send you a notification when this item becomes available.
This item will automatically be removed from your cart after you submit your email.
Email
Sign up to get special offers and promotional emails from Carol's Daughter.
By submitting your information, you agree to our Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Submit
Cancel
Continue Shopping