https://www.iglyo.com/privacy/
AMC
Activities
Network
Resources
About
News
Donate
AMC
Introduction
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
Activities
What we do
Activism
Education
Visibility
Networking
Network
Connecting
Alumni
Members
Partnerships
Join
Resources
COVID-19
Guides
Films
Campaigns
Archive
Documents
About
Executive Board
Secretariat
Training Team
Governance
News
All
Advocacy
IGLYO Calls
Statements
Events
IGLYO
Members
Donate
Donate
Your donation helps
Bank details
What are Cookies?
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How we use Cookies
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites and Services to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies enable us to provide a better user experience in our Plugins such as remembering the active tab between page loads. Finally, third parties serve cookies through our Websites to provide tracking technologies which we use to analyse trends and improve the Website as a whole.
Third party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
How can I control Cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
Browser Controls: You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Service though your access to some functionality may be restricted. To learn more about cookie controls in your browser, click the link for your browser below.
Firefox
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Websites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals. ACF takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. To learn more about “DNT”, please visit All About Do Not Track.
The International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer & Intersex (LGBTQI) Youth and Student Organisation
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
This website has been produced with the financial support of the Dutch Ministry of Education Culture & Science and the Rights Equality and Citizenship (REC) programme 2014-2020 of the European Union.
The contents of this website are the sole responsibility of IGLYO and can in no way be taken to reflect the views of the Dutch Ministry or the European Commission.
© 2020 IGLYO
Chaussée de Boondael 6, Brussels B-1050, Belgium
Contact
Privacy
Website by Haiwyre
The IGLYO website uses cookies which are necessary to its functioning and to improve your experience. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to our privacy policy. By scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse, you agree to the use of cookies. Read our privacy policy