http://www.khmarino.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
About This Privacy Policy
We will post any changes to this Website Privacy Statement on the Website, so we encourage you to check this Website Privacy Statement from time to time. Any personal data collected under the current Website Privacy Statement will be handled in accordance with this Website Privacy Statement. After the changes take effect, all new personal data collected, if any, will be subject to the revised Website Privacy Statement.
I. Contact Form & Website
A. Information Collected
The personal data about you which this Website may collect includes:
Information collected when you request information, which may include personal data such as your name and contact details
Information collected when you submit your resume or application to us for consideration of employment
The content of electronic forms you submit via this Website, requesting us to provide services or information, or take actions
B. How we handle email and “Contact Us” messages:
We may preserve the content of any email or “Contact Us” or other electronic message that we receive. Any personal data contained in those messages will only be used or disclosed in ways set out in this Website Privacy Statement.
C. Links
This Website may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organizations which may be of interest to you. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements.
II. Ecommerce Payments
A. Information Collected
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
B. Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at kmarino@khmarino.com or mailing us at:
Attn: Privacy Policy
437 Southern Boulevard
Chatham, New Jersey
07928-1488
C. Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
D. Transactions
Your transactions are processed via Authorize.net and Heartland. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
E. Third Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
F. Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, the payment gateways we utilize follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
III. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
IV. Questions & Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at khmarino@khmarino.com or by mail at
Attn: Privacy Policy
437 Southern Boulevard
Chatham, New Jersey
07928-1488
About Marino, Tortorella & Boyle, P.C.
Marino, Tortorella & Boyle, P.C. is the firm individuals and companies turn to when the stakes are highest. While the firm is perhaps best known for its white-collar criminal defense practice, it routinely delivers extraordinary results in a broad variety of matters, including government investigations and complex commercial litigation.
Menu
Our Firm
Our Expertise
Attorneys
Careers
Contact Us
Contact Us
Main Office
437 Southern Boulevard,
Chatham, New Jersey 07928
Telephone: (973) 824-9300
Contact Us
New York Address
888 Seventh Avenue, 9th Floor
New York, New York 10019
Telephone: (212) 307-3700
©2020 – Marino, Tortorella & Boyle. P.C.  All Rights Reserved l  Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Scroll to top