https://www.rmhcrgv.org/help-us/
Help UsHow You Can HelpRonald McDonald House Charities of the Rio Grande Valley depends on the help of the community! We are eager for you to get involved. Here’s how:Donate95 percent of our families can’t afford the $10 per night we ask them to consider. No one is turned away. To make up the difference click on the Donate button on the right.VolunteerVolunteers are the heart of the Ronald McDonald House. People like you contributed more than 5,000 hours last year.Everyday HeroesBusinesses and craftspeople give immeasurable support by donating goods and services. Could you be an Everyday Hero?Wish ListOur Wish List includes needed items that you can donate to support our work. It’s Pull Tab Campaign Time!Every year, we invite valley elementary schools to participate by collecting pull tabs throughout the year. Registered schools are contacted by our volunteers twice a year to coordinate a pull tab pick-up. Pull tab collections are tallied for each school. Then, the fun begins! If your school wins, Ronald will come to your school to perform his fantastic magical show where there will be games, gifts and plenty of laughter! All of this great time is a courtesy of McDonald’s RGV Co-op of owner/operators!Clothing Donation CollectionThe Ronald McDonald House entered into an agreement with Merchandise Collection Services based in Dallas, Texas late last year. They place collection boxes for us in businesses throughout the valley, and also collect the contents. We are paid based on the amount of goods collected. In a short time, this has become a very important and welcome source of income for our charity.Ronald McDonald House Charities of the Rio Grande Valley provides a home-away-from-home for families of seriously ill children receiving medical care at area hospitals. We provide a guest room, common areas including a kitchen, laundry room, children’s playroom and two living areas, as well as emotional support during a difficult time. Our families, needs are simple, but profound, and we do the best we can to make a difficult time in their lives just a little easier.Acceptable items: Women’s, men’s and children’s clothing in good wearable condition. Shoes, linens and household items. All items must fit in the collection box.Call 1-800-MCS-6051 to report collection box damage.Collection Box Near You