http://www.votevets.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
f
t
d
+
Share
At VoteVets.org, we respect and protect the privacy of our constituents and those who use our website. The following Privacy Statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies to VoteVets.org website and services that are located in, but not limited to the VoteVets.org domain.
Information Collection and Use VoteVets.org is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. VoteVets.org collects information from our site visitors at several different points on our website.
Our websites offers several opportunities for visitors to register for informational mailings. These registration forms are often linked to VoteVets.org mailing lists and require users to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this contact information to send users information about VoteVets.org fundraising events, news updates and new initiatives. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time.
Sharing and Usage We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for their promotional use. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing customer service). The contracts prohibit them from using any of your personal information for their own purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. We may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under the law. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to comply with a legal process such as court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
Use of Web Technologies We use a variety of technologies on our site. Among these are cookies; a piece of information that our websites provide to your browser when you visit our sites. Cookies allow us to verify the login status of customers using services linked directly with our website, track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our email signup programs, and to track and measure the success of a particular email blast. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. If you choose to disable cookies, you may still use our site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within our websites.
We also keep track of activity on our website via log files stored on our web servers. We collect information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leave our site. Once you leave our site, we do not track you. We use your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, assist you with technical support, diagnose problems with our server, administer our websites and to tailor our informational offerings to you.
Security We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we protect it through the use of encryption during transmission, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
VoteVets.org takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors' security and privacy among our employees. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the VoteVets.org Website, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Mobile Terms and Conditions
1.     There is no fee from VoteVets to receive text messages. Message and data rates may apply- this can be checked with your mobile service provider. Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account. Consent is not a requirement for purchase.
2.     Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier’s name and the date, time and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and provide the services you request from us. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless operator may interfere with message delivery, including the customer’s equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. Wireless operators do not guarantee message delivery and will not be held liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
3.     For information on data collection and us, please read our full corporate privacy policy (See above).
4.     We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS message as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.
5.     By subscribing to VoteVets alerts, the user consents to receive automated text messages from VoteVets. Recurring messages. Message & data rates may apply.
6.     If you have any questions, text HELP to 88424 or contact us at info@votevets.org To stop receiving messages, text STOP to 88424.
Join our mailing list
Enter your email*
Enter your zip code*
SIGN UP
Thank you for signing up to receive updates. You can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter!
VoteVets Volunteer Community
Join 700K+ veterans, military
families and supporters
Join Us
2020 Campaigns
Meet VoteVets
Endorsed Candidates
Learn More
Legislative Action
VoteVets Government
Relations Department
Learn More