http://www.yarmouthbaptist.com/privacy
Chegoggin Baptist Church - YarmouthBaptist.com » Home
Chegoggin Baptist Church
Serving the LORD with excellence in an excellent Spirit
Home
About »
Purpose
Statement of Faith
Church Covenant
Our Team
Missionaries We Support
Ministries »
Church Planting
Evangelism
Kings Kids
Deaf Ministry
Bible Institute
Questions »
Why KJV?
Sermons
Gospel/Evangelism
Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy for Chegoggin Baptist Church
At Chegoggin Baptist Church, accessible from yarmouthbaptist.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Chegoggin Baptist Church and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Chegoggin Baptist Church. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
Chegoggin Baptist Church follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Template.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Chegoggin Baptist Church uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".
Third Party Privacy Policies
Chegoggin Baptist Church's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Chegoggin Baptist Church does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Home
About
Ministries
Questions
Sermons
Gospel/Evangelism
Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy