http://www.australiaun.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:Connie Love ("Connie") operates http://www.australiaun.org and may operate other websites. It is Connie Love policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Connie collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Connie Love purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Connie Love visitors use its website. From time to time, Connie may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Connie also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.australiaun.org blogs/sites. Connie only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Connie Love websites choose to interact with Connie in ways that require Connie to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Connie gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.australiaun.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Connie are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Connie collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Connie. Connie does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Connie may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Connie may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Connie does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Connie discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Connie Love behalf or to provide services available at Connie Love websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Connie Love websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Connie will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Connie discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Connie believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Connie, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Connie website and have supplied your email address, Connie may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Connie and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Connie takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Connie uses cookies to help Connie identify and track visitors, their usage of Connie website, and their website access preferences. Connie visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Connie Love websites, with the drawback that certain features of Connie Love websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Connie, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Connie goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Connie may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Connie and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Connie may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Connie Love sole discretion. Connie encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.australiaun.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Pages
About
Breast Enhancement Cream
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Skin Cancer
Terms
Follow Us
Recent Posts
Tips for Better Heart Health
Beauty Treatments to Improve Sex Life
The potential health risks and side effects of abortion
Symptoms Of Menopause At 45
Health Foods You Should Eat Daily
MenuHome
Women Wellness
Skin Cancer
Nutrition Health
Privacy Policy
Terms
About
Contact Us
Tagsabortion
Anal Bleaching
Beauty
Daily
Eat
Foods
Hair Removal
Hair Treatments
Health
health risks
pregnancy
Radiant Skin
Should
Skin Bleaching
You
Categories
Health
Nutrition Health
Pregnancy
Self Care
Women Wellness
Recent Posts
Tips for Better Heart Health
Beauty Treatments to Improve Sex Life
The potential health risks and side effects of abortion
Symptoms Of Menopause At 45
Health Foods You Should Eat Daily
{"timed-popup-delay":0,"cookie-duration":0,"popup-selector":"#popup-box-sxzw-1","popup-class":"popupally-opened-sxzw-1","cookie-name":"popupally-cookie-1","close-trigger":".popup-click-close-trigger-1"}
Enter your name and email and get the weekly newsletter... it's FREE!
AUS Health LLC - Trusted resource on health
Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.