http://www.geekvillage.com/terms_of_use.htm
Search
geek/talk
Advanced Search
FORUMS
DIRECTORY
ARTICLES
TOOLS
SPECIAL REVIEW
PhotoPost
is a powerful and versatile Gallery script written in PHP, which uses a MySQL
database. Click
me to learn more.
Home
geek/talk Webmaster Forum
Webmaster Directory
Articles & Reviews
Tools & Software
geek/gallery
WEBMASTER FORUM
Last 25 Threads
Web Hosting
Website Development
Revenue Generation
Website Promotion
geek/marketplace
Best Threads
Forum Archive
NEWS
Security
WEBMASTER RESOURCES
Free Webmaster Tools
Ad Network Reviews
Whois
Check Your PR
Free Javascripts
Background Graphics
Content Management
Terms of Service/Terms of Use/Terms & Conditions
Www.geekvillage.com/Published
Perfection/Steve Shubitz reserves the right, in its sole discretion
and without any obligation, to make improvements to, or correct
any error or omissions in any portion of the Content or the
Website. THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY www.geekvillage/Published
Perfection/Steve Shubitz ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND Www.geekvillage/Published
Perfection/Steve Shubitz EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH
RESPECT TO THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS. IN NO
EVENT SHALL Www.geekvillage/Published Perfection/Steve Shubitz
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO
THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT AND THE PRODUCTS. We reserve the right,
at our sole and absolute discretion, to modify the terms and
conditions on this page and our entire website.
EVERYTHING on this site is ©2000-2004 GeekVillage.com/Published
Perfection. Please DO NOT create links and or Frame Sets on
another site to any files, pages, or content on our site. You
may not use, borrow, or possess any files and or content/data
on our site under any circumstances. This includes but is not
limited to all our .gif, .html, .htm, .shtml .jpg, .mid, .exe
files. You may not use, borrow, or possess any of our content,
design, look and feel, or user interface. Our Registered Members
continue to retain all rights and privileges to the images which
they upload to our geek/Gallery.
You are only granting us rights/permission to use your images
in our Gallery and or use them to promote our Gallery throughout
our sites. Our Registered Members continue to retain all rights
and privileges (consistent with our Rules and Posting Guide)
to the posts which they make to our geek/talk
Forums. You are granting us rights/permission to use your
posts in our geek/talk Forums to promote our Forums throughout
our sites and or in articles or synidication which we may author.
The
use of any technology which alters our content and or user experience
which includes but is not limited to our advertising, is forbidden.
Including but not limited to Ad-blockers such as Ad-subtract,
Pro, Ad-Muncher, Naviscope, and ZoneAlarm Pro. The use of any
technology which harvests/exstracts our content is also forbidden.
Including but not limited to Offline, Stripper, Webzip, and
Web Downloader. If we catch you violating these terms we won't
issue a warning. We will invoke our ZERO TOLERANCE policy and
lodge formal complaints with your ISP, Web Hosting Company,
master domain that hosts your site if you do not own a domain,
Upstream Providers, and numerous other federal and state authorities.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change these
terms, conditions, and rules.
We do not permit the use of profanity anywhere on this site.
We do not permit personnel attacks or illegal activities. We
do not permit the display of X Rated material of any kind.
Any data which we collect will only be used by ourselves. We
reserve the right to transfer any data collected in the event
we sell this site or any other site which we own.
We reserve the right to immediately BAN you from our geek/talk
Forums and or delete your user account from other services which
we offer if you post and or convey slanderous, disingenuous,
untruthful, or socially unacceptable comments about any of our
services on other Bulletin Board systems, Chat rooms, via email,
and via PM services. Please don't insult our intelligence by
making these kinds of statements and then asking us to reinstate
your membership and or your account.
We do not permit or endorse "SPAM". If you use any services
on this site to SPAM us or anyone else we will immediately perform
the following actions. This includes but is not limited to "harvesting"
AKA extracting email addresses from any service, page, script,
or member profiles or posts in our geek/talk Forums or anywhere
else on this site. NO warnings will be issued. We will lodge
a formal complaint with your ISP, Web Hosting Company, master
domain that hosts your site if you do not own a domain, Upstream
Providers, and numerous other federal and state authorities.
If you feel our actions are without merit then please discuss
this with the authorities and individuals we have lodged a complaint
with. We will not engage in discussions with you once our actions
are taken. If you respond to any Email we send you with a "sales
pitch" or any verbiage about what you can offer us, we consider
all of this E-Mail "SPAM" and we will immediately perform all
of the actions stated at the beginning of this paragraph. This
includes but is not limited to your EMail response, an auto
responder, or placing us on your EMail list. If you need our
advice and or interpretation on a particular action you may
take, please contact us BEFORE you do something. We are happy
to help you clarify any actions or polices. If you violate ANY
of our Rules, Policies, and Terms Of Use anwhere on this site
and we elect to invoke our ZERO TOLERACE policy and or any other
actions which we deem necessary, we WILL NOT engage in any dialog
with you. This includes but is not limited to answering your
Email, postings to our geek/talk Bulletin Board, and our geek/chat
service.
If you engage in any form of harassment via email, form submissions,
phone, or FAX we will immediatelt invoke our ZERO TOLERANCE
policy and lodge formal complaints with your ISP, Web Hosting
Company, master domain that hosts your site if you do not own
a domain, Upstream Providers, and numerous other federal and
state authorities.
All our Chat Transcripts are ©2000-2004 GeekVillage.com/Published
Perfection. They may not be used, reproduced, posted, transmitted,
and or quoted from without our prior written permission. They
may only be posted on this site and our geek/talk Bulletin Board.
Our Moderated VIP geek/chat Transcripts are edited for clarity,
brevity, and appropriateness. We only examine Chat Transcripts
to create transcripts of our Moderated VIP geek/chat sessions
and when we suspect abusers or receive formal abuse complaints.
ZERO
tolerance Spam/Abuse policy for our Webmail service:
Spam
and or Abuse in any form or shape will not be tolerated. One
complaint for a single Spam or Abuse email or 300 complaints
for 600 emails. It makes no difference to us. Our actions should
be easy to understand. Your account is immediately suspended
and all your other membership privileges are immediately removed.
No refunds will be issued under any circumstances.
1. What is Spam/Abuse?
We will define what Spam/Abuse is. You will not. It makes no
difference to us weather your email is trying to sell something
or drive traffic. Abuse includes but is not limited to: harrasing
emails, email which contains threats,
fraudulent activity, forgery or impersonation, illegal use,
and harm to minors. We are guided by decades of experience. If this bothers you and you don't trust our
judgement and impeccable record, don't purchase our Webmail
service.
2.
Can I use your Webmail service for questionable and or illegal
activities?
No. We will be the final and absolute
judge on weather your actions violate the letter and or intent
of this document and the other documents we reference. Including
but not limited to the subject of your email, the content, and
any attachments.
3. I'm paying money for your Webmail service.
Why do I need to comply?
Do yourself a favor and don't purchase our Webmail service.
These are the rules and procedures for every party who uses
our Webmail service.
Please note, we do not issue warnings nor will we ask for your
explanation. You can also exspect us to immediately lodge formal
complaints with your ISP, Web Hosting Company, master domain
that hosts your site if you do not own a domain, Upstream Providers,
and numerous other federal and state authorities. We reserve
the right, at our sole discretion, to change these terms, conditions,
and rules.
4.
Other Issues
Usernames are first come, first serve. We reserve the right
to reject a username for any reason. Profanity, confusion, offensive
names, slander, hate, and racial slurs are just a few of the
reasons why we may elect to reject your username.
The sharing of your username and password is prohibited. Your
GeekVillage Webmail account is only for a single person/individual.
We have audit procedures in place to monitor this activity.
If we catch you, no warning will be issued and your account
and all your member accounts with our other services will be
immediately suspended. No refunds will be issued under any circumstances.
Support is ONLY provided via our Technical
Questions Forum. We do not respond to emails and or form
submissions. Before you ask for help, please carefully read:
your entire welcome email, click the Help button, the footer
on every page, and our Help/FAQ
Forum.
Most of you should select either the Brewt (the default) Nessa,
or Light template. Each has a slightly different look and feel
with identical features. The Light template has fewer graphics
and is designed for folks on dial-up connections.
ONLY those of you using a compliant WAP enabled phone should
select the Wap template. This template does not include all
the features found in GeekVillage Webmail, as it is designed
to be as simple and efficient as possible. These Wap templates
are not supported by either the developer or us, and are provided
merely as a convenience to GeekVillage Webmail users. The templates
have been tested on phone.com phones Motorola, Alcatel, Treo
300, Quallcom, Ericsson and Nokia and have worked well, however
due to the changing face of WAP, your mileage may very.
5.
Privacy
We insert your IP number in the "header" (not the
email copy) of every email you send along with our own instructions
and contact details. This is for your protections as well as
our own. Please carefully read this entire document for other
procedures and policies.
Your email address and your data is confidential. We do not
release this data to third parties unless you have commited
a criminal act, violated our own Terms of Use (this entire document),
or we recieve a court order. We have a long history of working
with federal and state authorities.
We do not Spam or sell your data to third parties. We do send
occassional emails to our Webmail users about system upgrades
and email tips. None of these emails contain advertisements
from third parties.
6.
Email safeguards and tips
Print your important email. Save important email to your own
hard disk. Scan all attachments for Viruses. Although we regularly
perform server backups, we are not responsible for lost data
and or server or software malfunctions.
Top
Of Page
Special
Terms of Use for our Webmaster Directory:
1.
Question: Why do I have to register to submit a link?
Answer: This procedure reduces SPAM and increases the
quality of our submissions and reviews. We speak from years
of experience and millons of submissions. Our registration procedure
requires a click back from the email we send you, We do send
email to our registered users. Even if your submission is rejected,
you will recieve email from us. You will recieve email when
you add, modify, or rate a listing. We also send a Newsletter
to all registered users. Normally, every couple of weeks in
the form of a quality Newsletter. If any of our email bothers
you, then please don't register. We respect your privacy. Your
Email address and any other data you provide us will never be
released to a third party. You can opt-out of these mailings
and we will also remove your listings and user account when
you do this. To opt-out, please send an email to webmaster AT
geekvillage.com which must include a Subject of "opt-out
Directory", your Directory user name, email of record with
our Directory, and the URL of your site which is listed in our
Directory. If you don't send us ALL of these details, we
will not respond and or perform any action and we will delate
your email. Your listing and or registration in this Directory
requires that you agree to accept our email.
2.
Question: How do I get my site listed in your Directory?
Answer: Register first as per Number 1. We would appreciate
a reciprocal link to our geek/talk Forums at http://www.GeekVillage.com/forums/
Although this is not required, it will help both
of us.
All submissions are manually reviewed to insure quality and
prevent Spam BEFORE they are published. Please DO NOT use HTML
tags or upper case in your listing. ONLY submit a given site/URL
once. Multiple submissions for the same base domain name
are always rejected and your other listings are deleated. Please
completely fill out the submission form, and we'll add your
link as soon as possible.
3.
Question: How do I submit my site?
Answer: Please properly complete Number 1 and 2. Next
search our Directory to insure that your site is not already
listed. Then browse our Directory untill you find a Category
where your site fits. Then, click Add a Link and properly complete
and submit the form. You will recieve an email when your listing
is approved. We do not send email for rejected listings. We
reserve the absolute right to reject any site for any reason.
We reserve the absolute right to edit/change your submissions/listing.
4. Question: I don't see a Category which fits my site.
Should I submit?
Answer: No. We aren't interested in offering every Category.
If you have a quality site and wish to suggest a new Category,
please click
here and send us your ideas. We love feedback.
5.
Question: What are your Terms and Conditions?
Answer: We have run directories before and have a crystal
clear understanding of how they work. Your submission must fit
our Directory. If you SPAM our Webmaster Directory we will immediately
invoke our ZERO TOLERANCE policy and lodge formal complaints
with your ISP, Web Hosting Company, master domain that hosts
your site if you do not own a domain, Upstream Providers, and
numerous other federal and state authorities. Affiliate links
are not permitted. We DO NOT accept submissions from
sites which contain nudity, sexual themes, graphic violence,
SPAM/bulk Email, pyramid schemes, get rich schemes, illegal
activities, instructions on performing illegal activities, substance
abuse, foul language, gambling, material that violates copyrights,
pills, drugs, Penis enhancements, warez, hacker/phreaker material,
MP3 files (whether legal or not), material that attempts to
defraud Internet advertisers, material that encourages hatred
or discrimination based on race, religion, sex, or sexual-orientation.
We reserve the right to reject any submission for any reason.
Top
Of Page
We currently have a number of security features enabled to insure
that GeekVillage.com is not abused. Inspite of this fact, there
are always a small number of people which will try and abuse
our services. If you ABUSE any service on this site we will
immediately invoke our ZERO TOLERANCE policy as stated in this
document. We strongly suggest that you do not release your user
name and or password to any other party or record it. Our system
uses cookies to insure that you don't have to remember it but
we still suggest that you memorize your user name and password
in case cookies fail or some malfunction occurs. You are responsible
for any and all actions performed on our system with your user
name and password. No exceptions please. Please insure that
all EMail addresses you supply our site work properly. You should
always use an address that you check on a regular basis. If
your EMail bounces on a regular basis we will delete your account
and all privileges.
Terms
of Use
Advertise | Link To Us | Tell A Friend
| Support A Charity | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Site Map
Visit our Free Webmaster Tools website. This features a huge collection of quality tools, over 1400 web development resources, plus insightful tutorials to boost your web publishing expertise.
A proud member of CAUCE (The Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email).
©2000-2006 by iOnline Pty Ltd - The Online Marketing Specialists. All rights reserved.
Advertising Powered By AdvertPro | ABUSE Notice/Details