http://www.asainc.org/common/privacyPolicy.php
ASA Home
Armenian Links
Join Email List
Post an Event
Photo Gallery
Privacy Policy
Poetry Competition
Journalism Internship
ASA Awards
Membership
Scholarships
Contact ASA
ASA Branches
National ASA
Boston ASA
New York ASA
Past Exhibitions
Community Events
Providence ASA
Board of Trustees
Exec. Committees
Privacy Policy
This policy covers the treatment of personal information that the Armenian Students' Association of America, Inc. (ASA) collects. We understand that privacy is a very important issue for all members, donors, applicants for scholarships and awards, organizational books and records.
ASA respects the privacy of its various constituencies and intends to use information it collects only for the purpose for which it was gathered.
Information Collection and Use
Like all educational and charitable organizations, ASA receives and records personal information about members, donors, and applicants.
ASA uses this information
for such purposes as evaluating scholarship grants, creating investments accounts, managing scholarship grants and donations. It may also be used for purposes within the scope of ASA's mission including for: membership fund raising, organizational promotion and promotion of higher education.
This information may be aggregated into summary form for analysis, market research, press releases and planning purposes.
This information will not be used for purposes other than those for which it was collected without seeking specific permission to do so.
ASA may disclose personal information as required by law, in that instance.
ASA is the sole owner of information collected. We will not sell, market, share, rent or otherwise distribute this information other than as described in this statement.
Donors to ASA may contact the Office at any time regarding their personal information and to request corrections to such information.
ASA intends to protect your information and maintain its quality.
We implement appropriate measures and processes to help us keep your information secure.
Should ASA utilize other organizations or consultants to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy standards and allow us to audit them for compliance. Such information shall be accessible only by designated employees, and members of the ASA Board of Trustees and their designees, i.e. Scholarship Committees, Investment Committees, Audit Committees, etc., who are trained in the proper handling of such information, and used only for the purposes for which such information was collected.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
ASA may amend this privacy policy from time to time, by majority vote of the Board of Trustees.
Armenian Students' Association of America, Inc.
333 Atlantic Avenue
Warwick, RI 02888
United States of America
Web site: www.asainc.org
E-Mail:
asa@asainc.org
Tel:
(401) 461-6114
Last updated:     February 15, 2010
ASAINC.ORG     WWW
We hope that you enjoy your visit to our homepage and find it informative.
Web Page Problems/Questions