http://www.ywcatoronto.org/protectyourprivacy/corporatepartnerships
Left
Right
Corporate Partnerships
Your company can be a leader in your industry as advocates of women and girls.
Partnering with Canada’s largest multi-service women’s organization, you can help women build strong futures with well-paying jobs, safe housing, high quality childcare, leadership programs for girls, and lives free from violence.
YWCA Toronto is determined to continue providing opportunities for our sponsors and partners to create highly visible alignment with Canada’s leading women’s social service agency and to make a direct impact on the lives of women and girls in our city.
Our corporate partners and sponsors help support some of the most vulnerable groups in this city – women and children who are fleeing violence, living with debilitating mental health and addiction disorders, and experiencing poverty, homelessness and unemployment.
Invite your Employer to Match Your Gift
Thousands of employers across Canada match their employee’s fundraising efforts and donations. By making use of the corporate gift matching program offered by your place of work, your gift can make an even larger impact on women and girls in the community.
Talk to your employer or human resources department to find out if they have a gift matching policy in place. Your workplace will provide you with the necessary forms to enroll in their program, and you can indicate that you wish to donate to YWCA Toronto.
There are a number of other ways your company can support YWCA Toronto:
-	Sponsor the Women of Distinction Awards
-	Support a YWCA Toronto Program
- Fundraise for Us
-	Volunteer at YWCA Toronto
-	Match your employee’s donations with a corporate matching gift program
Contact Us
For more information on how your company can become involved, contact Phoebe Wong, Manager of Events, Sponsorships and Volunteers at pwong@ywcatoronto.org or 416.961.8100 x361
Related Programs
Fundraise
Fundraise on behalf of YWCA Toronto.
Volunteer Services
Help transform the lives of women and girls.
Sign-Up
Sign-up to receive updates from Philanthropy.