http://www.internationalorange.com/privacy-policy
Specials
Cart (0)
Services
Request an Appointment
Skin
Body
Gift Certificates
Shop By Price
Shop By Service
Shop
Bodycare
Skincare
Suncare
Wellbeing
Travel
About Us
Contact IO
IO Mission
IO Gives
IO Team
Join our Team
FAQ
Blog
Press
Location
Marin
For the one who loves to be well > Purchase a Gift Certificate
Exclusive offers on top-rated treatments and best-selling products > Specials
Request an Appointment
Privacy Policy
PURPOSE
INTERNATIONAL ORANGE has adopted this Privacy Statement in order to inform you of its policies with respect to information collected from this Web site. Your use of this Web site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement and your consent to the practices it describes.
AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF ANONYMOUS INFORMATION
When you visit the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site, like when you visit most other Web sites, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged, which may include information about the type of browser you use, the server name and IP address through which you access the internet (such as “aol.com” or “earthlink.net”), the date and time you access the site, the pages you access while at the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site, and the internet address of the Web site, if any, from which you linked directly to the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE site. This information is not personally identifiable.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that concerns you individually and would permit someone to contact you, for example, your name, address, telephone/fax number, social security number, e-mail address or any information you submitted to INTERNATIONALORANGE.com that identifies you individually.
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want INTERNATIONALORANGE.com to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.
You can visit and browse the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself. You may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself, which may be maintained as described below. INTERNATIONALORANGE.com may collect personally identifiable information about you from its Web site by methods such as the following:
TRANSACTIONS AND ACTIVITY
If you become a registered user or if you conduct transactions through the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site, INTERNATIONALORANGE.com collects information about the transactions you engage in while on the Web site and your other activity on the site. This information may include, without limitation, areas of the Web site that you visit, transaction type, content that you view, download or submit, transaction amount, payment, shipping and billing information as well as the nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange and the individuals or entities with whom you communicate or transact business.
E-MAIL AND OTHER VOLUNTARY COMMUNICATIONS
You may also choose to communicate with INTERNATIONALORANGE.com through e-mail, via our Web site, by telephone, in writing, or though other means. We collect the information in these communications, and such information may be personally identifiable.
INFORMATION USE
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com may use the personally identifiable information collected through its Web site primarily for such purposes as:
helping to establish and verify the identity of users;
opening, maintaining, administering and servicing users’ accounts or memberships;
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related communications;
providing services and support to users;
improving the Web site, including tailoring it to users’ preferences;
providing users with product or service updates, promotional notices and offers, and other information about INTERNATIONAL ORANGE and its affiliates;
responding to your questions inquiries, comments and instructions;
maintaining the security and integrity of its systems.
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com uses the anonymous browsing information collected automatically by its servers primarily to help it administer and improve its Web site. INTERNATIONALORANGE.com may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about its Web site to advertisers, potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities. Again, this information is not personally identifiable.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com does not provide personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties for their use in marketing directly to you. INTERNATIONALORANGE may use unaffiliated companies to help it maintain and operate its Web site or for other reasons related to the operation of its business, and those companies may receive your personally identifiable information for that purpose. INTERNATIONALORANGE may also disclose personally identifiable information about you in connection with legal requirements, such as in response to an authorized subpoena, governmental request or investigation, or as otherwise permitted by law. Finally, as INTERNATIONALORANGE’s business develops, it may sell or buy corporate assets, and in such transactions customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. If INTERNATIONAL ORANGE, its internet businesses, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, customer information may be one of the assets transferred.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This Web site is directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 13 or older.
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain accounts or memberships for, any child whom INTERNATIONALORANGE.com knows to be under the age of 13.
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If INTERNATIONALORANGE.com nevertheless discovers that it has received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom INTERNATIONAL ORANGE otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 13, INTERNATIONALORANGE.com will delete such information from its systems.
Additionally, a child’s parent or legal guardian may request that the child’s information be corrected or deleted from INTERNATIONALORANGE.com files by contacting us at info@internationalorange.com.
“COOKIES” AND ADVERTISERS
The INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site’s server, or the servers of companies that are used to operate this site, may place a “cookie” on your computer in order to allow you to use the Web site and to personalize your experience.
A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow INTERNATIONALORANGE.com to recognize your computer while you are on its Web site and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the Web site.
The advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on this Web site may also use cookies that are not sent by the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site. Such ads or content may contain cookies that help track and target the interests of users of this Web site in order to present “personalized” advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. INTERNATIONAL ORANGE is not responsible for any such cookies.
Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this Web site.
EXTERNAL LINKS
The INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site may contain links to other Web sites, including those of advertisers or third party content providers who offer downloads on INTERNATIONALORANGE.com. Please be aware that INTERNATIONAL ORANGE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites. Web sites that are accessible by hyperlinks from the INTERNATIONAL ORANGE Web site may use cookies. INTERNATIONAL ORANGE encourages you to read the privacy statements provided by other Web sites before you provide personally identifiable information to them.
SECURITY
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help guard personally identifiable information. If transactions are offered on the site, transaction information is transmitted to and from INTERNATIONALORANGE.com in encrypted form using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. INTERNATIONALORANGE.com restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information. Please be aware, however, that any e-mail or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
In order to provide service to you, INTERNATIONALORANGE.com will send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of its Web site. From time to time, INTERNATIONALORANGE.com and its affiliates may also wish to send you other messages or updates about INTERNATIONALORANGE.com, its affiliates, or their promotions and other activities. If you do not wish to receive non-transaction/security related communications from INTERNATIONALORANGE.com and its affiliates, please send an e-mail containing your request to customer service at info@internationalorange.com.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
INTERNATIONALORANGE.com reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this privacy statement, you may email info@internationalorange.com.