http://www.rainforestfoundationuk.org/privacy-policy
Donate
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
Language
English
French
Newsletter
Donate
About UsOur Projects
Campaigns and Advocacy
Where We Work
Jobs
Forest FactsPlants & Animals
People and Rainforests
Geography and Ecology
Threats to Rainforests
What You Can DoChristmas Appeal 2020
Donate
E-cards
Other Ways To Support Us
Newsletter
Schools & Fundraising
Publications
News
Contact
English
French
Home /
Privacy Policy
THE RAINFOREST FOUNDATION UK TAKES YOUR PRIVACY VERY SERIOUSLY AND WE'RE COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE.
This statement explains how we collect and use the information which you give us. For additional information on our data and privacy policies, you can download our Fair Processing Statement here.
WHAT INFORMATION WE GATHER AND HOW WE USE IT
a) Personal information:
The Rainforest Foundation UK collects and securely stores the personal information that you provide such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and date of birth (where appropriate) in order to satisfy the expectations and requirements of our users, e.g. by communicating with them or registering them for our sporting events. The Rainforest Foundation UK does not keep credit card details.
We collect the information only in connection with specific activities, such as, petitions, campaigns, feedback or email newsletter subscriptions, etc. You don't have to disclose any of this information if you do not wish to. We keep a log of the amounts and dates of your financial support for our own financial auditing records.
b) Non-personal information:
For each visitor to our website, our webserver automatically recognises only the visitor's domain name (its IP address), but not the e-mail address. This information helps us generate broad demographic statistics on what types of organisations are visiting the site, which pages they visit and for how long. This helps us to determine how many individuals use our site, how many people visit on a regular basis, which pages are most popular, and which pages are least popular. This information doesn't tell us anything about who you are, it simply allows us to monitor and improve our service.
COOKIES
Like virtually all web sites, we store anonymised data on visits in server log files, which contain IP addresses of machines used to access this site, and the pages requested.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They’re just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish. To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit www.AboutCookies.org
MANAGING OUR COMMUNICATION WITH YOU
RFUK only contacts its supporters where we have explicit and specific consent to do so. These communications can include eNewsletters, fundraising appeals and event invitations. If you want to hear from us, you can subscribe to our eNewsletter on this page or email info@rainforestuk.org.
Registered users can always review and amend the personal data held by The Rainforest Foundation UK simply by emailing info@rainforestuk.org.
WHERE WILL THE INFORMATION BE HELD?
Rainforest Foundation UK will use data you have supplied to contact you in the future with updates on our work, administrative queries and fundraising appeals. Rainforest Foundation UK will only contact you if you have given explicit consent.
Rainforest Foundation UK aims to ensure full compliance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. The Act sets conditions for holding or using personal data. Personal data is data that relates to a living individual. The Act protects individuals if they can be identified from such data or from the data and certain other information.
The Act covers personnel records and applies both to computerised information and to information held on paper, provided that the information is held in a filing system organised by reference to individuals or in such a way that information about individuals is easy to find. Under the principles set out in the Act, your personal data will only be used for purposes deemed relevant to the work of Rainforest Foundation UK.
Personal information will only be disclosed to relevant members of Rainforest Foundation UK staff and third parties where Rainforest Foundation UK has control of the data supplied and how this data is used and stored.
Your data will be stored securely and confidentially on Rainforest Foundation UK’s database. Only specific Rainforest Foundation staff members can access this database and these staff members will ensure that your personal data is handled sensitively.
If you would like to change how we contact you please call 020 7485 0193 or use the contact form at www.rainforestfoundationuk.org/contact-us
THIRD PARTIES AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
The information we gather is not sold, given to, or otherwise shared with other organisations for commercial or any other purposes.
A very limited amount of personal data is stored on a secure external server to which limited access is permitted to select personnel. This is used solely for RFUK’s e-mail correspondence. We may also share / publish aggregate statistics, none of which include personally identifiable information, such as the number of visitors to our website.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
The accuracy of users' personal details is governed by the accuracy of the information users provide. We do not verify personal information. The Rainforest Foundation UK is not responsible for errors or problems that arise as a result of inaccurate information provided by the user.
We don't automatically attempt to validate the email addresses provided by registered users in order to ensure, via "double opt-in" that registered users do use and control that email account.
LINKS
The website includes some links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. Nor do we guarantee that these sites and their content are still available.
UNDER 18S
If you are under 18, be sure to obtain your parents' or guardians' permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, address, e-mail address, etc) to us or anyone else over the internet. We encourage parents to get involved with their childrens' use of the internet and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating.
For more information please contact info@rainforestuk.org.
Donate
© Rainforest Foundation 2020 (Charity No. 1138287.
Registered Company No. 7391285)
Navigate
About Us
Forest Facts
What You Can Do
Publications
News
Gift Aid - The Rainforest Foundation
Jobs
Report a Safeguarding Issue
Site Map
Privacy Policy
PROUD TO SUPPORT KEMITO ENE - EQUATOR PRIZE WINNERS 2019
×
Sign up to our newsletter