https://www.eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org/terms-and-conditions/
Cookies
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website
Read more
Accept
COVID-19 Emergency Fund
The Elton John AIDS Foundation is responding to the COVID-19 pandemic with a new Emergency Fund to support our frontline partners.
More Info
About us
What we do
Get involved
News & events
Donate
About us
Our mission
Our team
Our history
Key facts & figures
Financials
“No one should suffer from stigma, fear or lack of access to treatment anymore – everyone deserves the right to a healthy life.”
Elton John, Founder
What we do
Our work
Our impact
What we fund
“We will not leave anyone behind.”
Elton John, Founder
Donate
About us
Our mission
Our team
Our history
Key facts & figures
Financials
What we do
Our work
Our impact
What we fund
Get involved
News & events
=
Donate
Terms and Conditions
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.eltonjohnaidsfoundation.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information About Us
www.eltonjohnaidsfoundation.com is a site operated by the Elton John AIDS Foundation (“We”).  We are a charity registered in England and Wales under registered charity number 1017336 and have our registered office at 1 Blythe Road, London, W14 0HG.  Our VAT number is 646 1678 16.
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions are applicable to this email auction (“Auction”) as provided by the Elton John AIDS Foundation (the “Charity”). Use of the Auction constitutes acceptance of these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you may not use the Auction.
All bids are firm bids by the bidder and once accepted cannot be cancelled or retracted after the Closing Time on Tuesday 14th May 2019 at 5pm
To place a bid email:  Full legal name, your bid per seat and the number of seats (limited to 4 per person) you would like to bid on.
Bids of the same value at the Closing Time will be ranked by order of receipt per the timecode of the email into events@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org
Successful bids will be allocated tickets according to highest bids per seat.  Highest bids will be allocated to the best seating and screen available.   The film will be screened across a number of cinemas and screens on Leicester Square.
These Terms and Conditions are applicable to this email auction (“Auction”) as provided by the Elton John AIDS Foundation (the “Charity”). Use of the Auction constitutes acceptance of these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you may not use the Auction.
Auction
The auction is operated for the benefit of the Charity for whom the Auction is being run.
The winning bidder on each Item offered for sale in the course of the Auction will be the person who has submitted the highest bid at the notified deadline and providing it is in excess of any stated reserve.
Eligible bidders
All bidders must be capable of forming legally binding relations under applicable law. The Auction may not be used by individuals under the age of 18 years old and by any other persons who are legally prohibited from, or otherwise incapable of, entering into binding contracts.
Any bidder using the Auction is warranting by so doing that they are legally entitled to do so.
As a bidder you agree that we can process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy specifically for this Auction.
Bidding
A bid made by a bidder is an offer to purchase the Item listed at the stated bid price. Any bidder making a bid agrees that their offer is an irrevocable offer to complete the transaction if they are the winning bidder whereupon the bid will become a contractually binding obligation to purchase the tickets at the bid price.
The ‘winning bidders’ are the persons certified by the Charity at the end of the Auction to be the highest bidders.  The winning bidder may include any under-bidder who is awarded the Item following the failure of a higher bid for any reason.
Item descriptions
Whilst the Charity strives to ensure that the description is accurate, complete and up-to-date, it does not guarantee that this is the case, and will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused due to a bidder by reason of a description of an Item being inaccurate, incomplete or for the Item being otherwise in any way different to the bidder’s expectation.
Descriptions of Items are provided without a warranty of any kind. In no event shall the Charity (including its employees, affiliates and volunteers) be liable for any claim, demand or damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use by the bidder of the Auction or their purchase and use of an Item.
The Charity reserves the right in its absolute discretion to amend or change the Item due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
Bidding and payment deadlines
Deadlines for receipt of bids made for Premiere Tickets offered in the Auction are at the sole discretion of the Charity and the Host and will not be extended under any circumstances. No bids will be accepted on an Item after the deadline of 5pm on Tuesday 14th May 2019.
After the Auction closes the Charity will contact the winning bidders by email to inform the bidder that their bid was the highest and that they are, therefore, the winning bidder.
The winning bidders will need to complete payment for the Premiere tickets by 12pm Thursday 16th May 2019.   If payment is not completed, the Charity in its absolute discretion directs and any failure to make payment within the Charity’s deadline entitles the Charity to award the Item to the next highest bidder and the original winner will have no right to insist on receiving the Item.
Applicable law
This Agreement between you the bidder and the Charity shall be interpreted and construed in all respects in accordance with English law and any dispute arising in relation to any aspect of the use of the Auction, the Bidding System, bids made by a bidder in the course of an Auction, any Item, payment delivery or any other matter relating to the Auction shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to which the parties hereby irrevocably submit.
Variation of terms
These Terms and Conditions may be revised and updated by the Charity from time to time without notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing the edition of the Terms and Conditions that was current at the time an Auction commenced will continue to apply throughout that Auction and to all Items sold pursuant to it even if later edition of the Terms and Conditions is implemented before the Auction is completed.
Third party rights
No person who is not a party to an Agreement shall have any right pursuant to the terms of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of such Agreement.
Refunds policy
Due to the nature of the Auction the Charity does not provide refunds. Monies are raised for the Charity and go towards the charity’s purpose. However, where there is a valid complaint and the Charity deems in its sole discretion and without obligation that a refund or part refund is appropriate the Charity will liaise directly with the bidder. All complaints must be referred to the Charity at events@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org in the first instance.
Shipping policy
Where delivery of an Item to a bidder is required then the Charity will use reasonable endeavours to ship the Item to the bidder by 17th May 2019, otherwise the tickets will be available for pickup at the venue.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us. If you choose, or you are provided with a password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our acceptable use policy. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.  You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.  You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.   You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed.  We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Transactions concluded through our site
Contracts for the supply of goods, services of information formed through our site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our terms and conditions of supply.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, “trojans”, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy. If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to admin@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact admin@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org
Thank you for visiting our site.