https://www.americanbar.org/news/abanews/aba-news-archives/2018/04/aba_legal_education/
Search ABA
Skip to content
American Bar Association TM
American Bar Association
My ABA
Events
CLE
Shop ABA
Member Directory
Join
Log In
Log In
Shopping Cart
Join the - ABA
About Us
Membership
News
Diversity
Advocacy & Initiatives
Topics & Resources
ABA Groups
Main Menu
Diversity and Inclusion Center
Disability Rights
Hispanic Legal Rights & Resp.
Educational Pipeline
Race/Ethnicity in the Profession
Racial & Ethnic Justice
Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Women in the Profession
Elder
The Relationship Between Advance Planning, Guardianship and Elder Abuse
Women in the Law
Women in Law: A Former Rutgers Law Student Remembers Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Business & Corporate
The Evolving Employment Landscape for People With Disabilities: New Opportunities in a Time of Workplace Readjustment
JUSTICE AND SOCIETY
Racial Equity in the Justice System
Central clearinghouse of ABA-related information and resources for attorneys, the legal profession and the public on a wealth of issues addressing bias, racism and prejudice in the justice system and society.
Children & the Law
Death Penalty Representation
Disaster Response & Preparedness
Domestic & Sexual Violence
Governmental & Legislative Work
Homelessness & Poverty
Center for Human Rights
Immigration
Law and Aging
Legal Aid & Indigent Defense
Legal Assistance for Military Personnel
National Security Law
Pro Bono & Public Service
Rule of Law Initiative
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Aftermath of the Election as a Lesson for Mediators and Negotiators
Pro Bono
Lighting One Candle Provides Light for a Long Time: Pro Bono for Holocaust Survivors
Federal Government
ABA Legislative Priorities Survey Launched
Resources
Practice Forward
Practical tools and resources to support and advance the practice of law and the judicial system amid potential long-term changes due to COVID-19.
Resources
ABA 2021 Midyear Meeting
ABA Blueprint
ABA Connect
ABA Career Center
Center for Innovation
Cybersecurity Legal Task Force
Lawyer Assistance Programs
Model Rules of Professional Conduct
Employment at the ABA
ABA Journal
More
Government & Regulation
Government
Courts & Judiciary
Military & Veterans
Public Infrastructure
More
Practice Specialties
Administrative Law
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust
Business & Corporate
Corporate Compliance
Criminal Law
Cybersecurity
Environment
Ecommerce
Family
Health
Intellectual Property
International Law
Labor and Employment
Real Estate
Solo Practice
Taxation
Torts
Litigation & Trials
More
Public Interest
Access to Justice
Children's Rights
Civic Education
Civil Rights and Constitution
Pro Bono
More
Career &
Practice
Diversity & Inclusion
Ethics
General Practice
Leadership Development
Legal Education
Paralegals
Practice Management
Law Students
Professional Development
Law Students
More
Industry
Agriculture & Food
Construction
Global Initiatives
Healthcare & Pharmaceutics
Insurance & Financial Services
Media and Communications
Technology
Trade, Sports & Professional Associations
Transportation & Energy Issues
More
A
Administrative Law & Regulatory Practice
Affordable Housing & Community Development Law
Air & Space Law
Antitrust Law
B
Bar Services
Business Law
C
Civil Rights & Social Justice
Communications Law
Construction Law
Criminal Justice
D
Dispute Resolution
E
Entertainment & Sports Industries
Environment, Energy, & Resources
F
Family Law
Franchising
G
Government & Public Sector Lawyers
H
Health Law
I
Infrastructure & Regulated Industries
Intellectual Property Law
International Law
J
Judicial
L
Labor & Employment Law
Law Students
Law Practice
Legal Education & Admissions to the Bar
Legal Services
Litigation
P
Professional Responsibility
Public Contract Law
Public Education
Public Interest Law
R
Real Property, Trust & Estate Law
S
Science & Technology Law
Senior Lawyers
Solo, Small Firm & General Practice
State & Local Government Law
T
Taxation
Tort Trial & Insurance Practice
Y
Young Lawyers
Close
Search
Submit
Clear
News
CHICAGO, April 20, 2018 – Employment data for the graduating law class of 2017 as reported by American Bar Association-approved law schools to the ABA Section on Legal Education and Admissions to the Bar is now publicly available.
The aggregate national data on law graduate employment outcome for the class of 2017 and individual schools' post-graduate employment figures can be found online. An online table also provides select national side-by-side comparisons between the classes of 2017 and 2016.
The aggregated school data shows that 75.3 percent of the 2017 graduates of the 204 law schools approved by the ABA to offer the J.D. degree were employed in full-time long-term Bar Passage Required or J.D. Advantage jobs roughly 10 months after graduation. That compares to 72.6 percent of the graduates reporting similar full-time long-term jobs last year. The higher percentage of students so employed, however, results from an approximately 6 percent decrease in the size of the graduating class. The actual number of full-time long-term Bar Passage Required or J.D. Advantage jobs decreased by 630, or -2.34 percent year over year, going from 26,923 in 2016 to 26,293 in 2017.
The ABA's accrediting body, under Standard 509 of the ABA Standards and Rules of Procedure for Approval of Law Schools, requires schools to report to the ABA and publicly disclose varied information, including employment outcomes. Employment and other statistics are posted to the Section of Legal Education statistics website.
The council of the ABA Section of Legal Education and Admissions to the Bar and its accreditation committee are recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as the national accrediting agency for programs leading to the J.D. The section’s 14,000 members strive to improve legal education and lawyer licensing by fostering cooperation among legal educators, practitioners and judges through workshops, conferences and publications. The section also studies and makes recommendations for the improvement of the bar admission process, and the section and its governing council operate for accreditation purposes as independent arms of the ABA.
ABA Legal Fact Check seeks to help the media and public find dependable answers and explanations to legal questions and issues. Go to www.abalegalfactcheck.com and follow us on Twitter @ABAFactCheck.
With more than 400,000 members, the American Bar Association is one of the largest voluntary professional membership organizations in the world. As the national voice of the legal profession, the ABA works to improve the administration of justice, promotes programs that assist lawyers and judges in their work, accredits law schools, provides continuing legal education, and works to build public understanding around the world of the importance of the rule of law. View our privacy statement on line. Follow the latest ABA news at www.americanbar.org/news and on Twitter @ABANews.