http://www.africanenterprise.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Home » Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE
By using this website you are agreeing to the following Terms and Conditions.
APPLICABILITY OF THESE TERMS
To the fullest extent permitted by law, AE excludes all responsibility and liability in relation to the website and AE will not be responsible for errors, omissions or misstatements or be liable for any loss or damage however caused.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of Australia and users submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Australia courts.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We hold all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the website and all content on the website, unless the content is identified as being the property of another party. You may reproduce (electronically or in hard copy) and use our content for your personal use only. In all other circumstances you must get our written consent before reproducing or otherwise using our content. If you wish to use any third party content identified as such on the website you must obtain the prior consent of the relevant owner. This includes content of websites you access via links from the website.
ACCESSING THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT
The website (and its content) is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the website at any time and do not guarantee that the website will be available to you at any time. The content of the website is obtained from various sources and is subject to change without notice. We will try to make sure that the information on the website is accurate and up-to-date, but do not guarantee that the content is reliable, accurate, or suitable for what you may want to use it for. Before relying or acting on any information on the website, you should get independent professional advice.
HYPERTEXT LINKS
The website may contain hypertext links to other websites that are not operated by us. These links are provided for your convenience only. We will not investigate or monitor links to other websites. You link to them at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained on any linked website and any such link should not be taken as endorsement of any other site or products offered on that site.
You are welcome to create a hyperlink to the website from another site owned by you. However, this link must not be presented on your site in any way that implies that the website has an association with your site, or endorses your site or products. Our name or any of our logos may not be used on your site without our written consent. If you create a hypertext link to the website, you are responsible for all direct and indirect consequences of the link. You indemnify us for all loss we suffer in connection with any link you have created.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE
From time to time we may restrict access to some parts of the website to users who have registered with us. If you register and are provided with any user identification codes or passwords, you must keep such codes and passwords confidential and must not disclose them to any third party.
You agree to use the website in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations and that does not infringe the rights of anyone else, nor restrict or inhibit their use and enjoyment of the website.
In particular, you agree not to:
Damage or harm the website, or any underlying or connected network or system;
Introduce any content or code to the website which is technologically harmful;
Upload or post any content on the website (or use the website to transmit any communication) which is illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or otherwise objectionable.
In addition, when posting or uploading content to the website or make contact with other users of the website:
You agree that any such content may be used, copied, distributed or disclosed by us; and
You warrant that you own any intellectual property rights in such content.
We do not monitor comments made on, or content posted or uploaded to, the website. We reserve the right to suspend or cancel your access to the website if we believe you have breached any of these terms. You indemnify us from and against all losses arising from a result of your breach of these terms.
OUR LIABILITY
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (direct or otherwise) you suffer in connection with your use of the website or of any linked website or your use of, or reliance on, content contained on or accessed through the website or any linked website. We also exclude any condition or warranty that could be implied into these terms (but only to the extent that this is allowed by law).
Click here to view the Privacy Policy of African Enterprise
Join the Family
Get the latest news, videos and insights from African Enterprise.
Name*
First Name
Last Name
Email*
CAPTCHA
International
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Vimeo
Australia
Canada
Congo-DRC
Ethiopia
Europe
Ghana
Ireland
Kenya
Malawi
New Zealand
Rwanda
South Africa
Tanzania
Uganda
United States
Zimbabwe
WHERE YOUR FUNDS GO
80%
Mission, Development &Community Education
9%
Fundraising(incl. International support)
11%
Administration
OUR PROJECTS
Foxfires
Peace and Reconciliation
Community Development
GET INVOLVED
Partner Through Giving
Wills & Bequests
Live Mission
Volunteer
Prayer Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Faith Defined
RESOURCES
Newsletters
Annual Report
Videos
Donate To Missions
Donate To Aid & Dev.
African Enterprise 2G/5 Byfield Street Macquarie Park | +61 (02) 9889 1799 | ae@aeint.org
FollowFollowFollowFollow