http://www.clevelandfed.org/en/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
Careers
Diversity Equity and Inclusion
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Toggle navigation
Menu
Our Research
Economists
Center for Inflation Research
Indicators and Data
Publications
Research Topics
Research Analysts
Region
Regional Analysis
State
Topic
Beige Book
Industrial Heartland
Community Development
About Us
Publications by Date
Publications by Topic
Tools and Resources
Events
Investment Connection
Community Advisory Council
Banking
Overview
Consumer Resources
Banker Resources
Data Resources
Newsroom and Events
COVID 19
Events
Interviews
Press Releases
Publications
Speeches
Cleveland Fed Digest
Multimedia Storytelling
Infographics Library
Subscribe
About Us
At a Glance
The Federal Reserve
The Cleveland Fed
Our Directors
Our Officers
Advisory Councils
Diversity and Inclusion
Treasury Services
Careers
Speakers Bureau
Learning Center and Money Museum
Print
Privacy
Inquires: Email us at DataPrivacyOffice@clev.frb.org to contact the Bank's Privacy Office for inquiries about our privacy practices. Include your name and details about your inquiries.
Online Privacy Notice
General Reserve Bank Data Privacy Notice
Headlines
07.02.20
A Growth-Augmented Phillips Curve
Kristen Tauber
Willem Van Zandweghe
Empirical studies find that the link between inflation and economic slack has weakened in recent decades, a development that could hamper monetary policymakers as they aim to achieve their inflation objective. We show that while the role of economic slack has diminished, economic growth has become a significant driver of inflation dynamics, indicating that the link between inflation and economic activity remains but the relevant gauge of activity has changed. The new evidence suggests that the COVID-19-related recession could induce substantial disinflationary pressure.
Read More
07.01.20
The Information Effect of Monetary Policy: Self-Defeating or Optimal?
Wesley Janson
Chengcheng
Jia
As the Federal Reserve has become more transparent about its decisions on the federal funds target rate, the general public has begun to regard the rate as not only a benchmark interest rate, but also as a signal about the state of the economy. However, the specific information considered by the public to be revealed is not clearly understood. We investigate this question and find that the information revealed by monetary policy decisions is regarding future output growth, not inflation, and that such an information effect is theoretically optimal and does not make interest-rate policies self-defeating.
Read More
06.24.20
Skills Are Bridges Not Gaps: A Skills-Based Approach for Transitioning Workers to Higher-Paying Occupations
Kyle Fee
Skills-based hiring practices—those that prioritize skills necessary to succeed in a role over formal educational credentials—show potential for securing higher positions for lower-wage workers and helping employers get the workers they need.
Read More
Upcoming EventsSEE ALL
11.19.20
2020 Financial Stability Conference: Stress, Contagion, and Transmission
The Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and the Office of Financial Research will hold the 2020 Financial Stability conference on November 19-20, 2020, in Cleveland, OH.