http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/06.2004.html
<!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER \h \r 1LESBIAN/GAY
LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 June 2004
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard,
New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804;
e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran,
Esq., New York City; Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School '05; Alan J.
Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., New
York, N.Y.; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E.Weinberger, Student, NY
Law School '05; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.  Inquire for subscription rates.
© 2004 by the Lesbian & Gay
Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
SAME-SEX COUPLES MARRY IN MASSACHUSETTS
At midnight the morning of May
17, the city clerk opened for business in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and the
first marriage applications from same-sex couples were received.  By the end of the first historic day of
legally-recognized marriages for same-sex partners in the United States, scores
of couples had received licenses, and many, having paid a fee to obtain a
waiver of the usual three-day waiting period, had their marriages solemnized,
some in splendid church or synagogue weddings or city hall ceremonies, others
in more private surroundings.  According
to statistics compiled by Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders and
Marriage Equality at the end of the week, as of May 18 approximately 1700
same-sex couples had filed their intentions to seek licenses in 250
communities.  But within days, doubts
had been raised about the validity of some of those marriages, in which the
happy couples were residents from states other than Massachusetts.
The historic marriages were the
immediate legacy of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court’s decisions in
_Goodridge v. Department of Public Health, 798 N.E.2d 941 (Nov. 18, 2003), and
_Opinions of the Justices to the Senate_, 802 N.E.2d 565 (Feb. 3, 2004).   When the court issued its opinion in the
fall, it gave the state legislature 180 days to take what action it deemed appropriate
in light of the ruling.  There were many
different opinions as to what this meant.
To the victorious parties, led by Gay & Lesbian Advocates &
Defenders’ Mary Bonauto, who had argued the case, this meant that the
legislature had 180 days to do what was necessary to conform Massachusetts law
to the reality that beginning on May 17, same-sex partners would be entitled to
marry in the state.  To some of the
opponents, this meant that the legislature had 180 days to figure out how to
block such marriages from coming to Massachusetts, by preemptively enacting a
civil union law.  A majority of the
state  legislators ultimately took the
later view, since instead of spending the time usefully studying how marriages
for same-sex partners would require state law revisions and enacting
appropriate ones, they devoted substantial time to a series of constitutional
convention meetings, culminating in first-round approval of a proposed
constitutional amendment that will both ban marriages for persons of the same
sex, and establish civil unions, along the lines of those previously
established in Vermont.  Under
Massachusetts’ cumbersome amendment process, the proposed amendment will have
to pass another session of the legislature before it can be submitted to the voters,
at the earliest in the general election in November 2006.
While the legislature was off on
its side-show, Governor Mitt Romney was also busy trying to think of ways to
stop marriages for same-sex partners, or at least to limit their
availability.  Romney seized upon an old,
virtually dead-letter provision of the state’s marriage laws, enacted in 1913,
which provides that persons who are not Massachusetts residents may not be
married in Massachusetts if their marriage would be “void” in the state of
their residence. (The state had actually instructed clerks years ago not to
enforce this provision, which was something of an embarrassment, and on May 19,
the state Senate voted 28-3 to add a provision to pending state budget
legislation to repeal the offending provision. A proponent of the repeal
measure, openly-gay Senator Jarrett Barrios of Cambridge, cited the law’s
_shameful origins_ as a racist measure.
But House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran said he would block any attempt to
make this part of the final budget bill sent to the governor.  Finneran objects to including a
“controversial” rider in a budget bill, arguing that it should have a separate
debate.)   Romney took the position that
this law meant that same-sex couples resident elsewhere in the U.S. could not
enter a marriage in Massachusetts unless they intended to move to the state,
and that the clerks who issue marriage licenses should make sure that they
issue them only to residents or those swearing their intention to relocate to
Massachusetts, at the risk of being subject to criminal prosecution.  In at least four communities, there was
advance indication that the clerks would issue licenses to out-of-staters in
defiance of the governor: Provincetown (where the city council directed the
clerk to do so), Somerville, Worcester, and Springfield.  In support of his position, Romney sent
letters to the 49 other governors and state attorneys general, stating his
understanding that such marriages performed in their states would be void, and
asking them to advise if the case was otherwise.  By this action, Romney was placing his ideological objections
above the economic interests of his state, since Provincetown and the western
Massachusetts vacation communities were anticipating a significant boost in
tourist spending this summer from same-sex couples arriving, sometimes with
numerous friends and family in tow, to hold their marriage ceremonies.
One who sent contrary advice was
N.Y. Attorney General Elliot Spitzer, whose office had issued Informal Opinion
No. 2004-1, 2004 WL 551537 (March 3, 2004), in response to inquiries from
several city attorneys seeking advice on whether New York’s Domestic Relations
Law allows the issuance of marriage licenses to same-sex partners – advice
sought in the wake of New Paltz Mayor Jason West’s decision to perform
marriages for same-sex partners.  At
that time, Spitzer advised that New York’s statute did not contemplate marriage
licenses for same-sex partners (although such a denial of equal protection
raised serious constitutional concerns), but that New York principles of comity
should provide for the state to recognize marriages lawfully performed
elsewhere, an issue of some significance in light of marriages being performed
just across the border in Canada and soon to be performed in Massachusetts.  Spitzer responded to Romney’s letter by
maintaining that marriages performed for New York residents in Massachusetts
would not necessarily be “void” in New York, one of the eleven states that does
not have a mini-DOMA or constitutional amendment banning marriages between
partners of the same sex.
In Connecticut, another state
sharing a common border with Massachusetts, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal
opined, according to an Associated Press report of May 17, that Connecticut law
does not provide for marriages for same-sex partners, but he declined to take a
position on whether such marriages performed in Massachusetts would be
recognized in Connecticut.  Blumenthal
said that the recognition issue was not addressed in state statutes
(Connecticut has no DOMA), and for him to take a position would be making law
rather than interpreting it, which he saw as beyond the scope of his
function.  (By contrast, Spitzer was
able to take a position based on at least one judicial ruling, _Langan v. St.
Vincent’s Hospital_, 765 N.Y.S.2d 411 (N.Y. Sup. Ct., Nassau County, 2003),
appeal pending, App. Div., 2nd Dept., which held that a Vermont
civil union should be recognized under comity principles for purposes of a
wrongful death action in New York.)  In
tiny Rhode Island, Attorney General Patrick C. Lynch observed that the courts
had not yet determined whether the existing marriage law forbids same-sex
partners to marry, and that existing state cases dealt mainly with marriages
involving bigamy, incest or mental incompetence.  Lynch opined that “validly performed” marriages from other states
would be recognized in Rhode Island, another non-DOMA state, unless they
violated the state’s public policy, and that it is up to the courts and legislature
to decide what that policy is, not the attorney general. _New York Times_, May
18.
In a bit of last-minute drama,
several attempts were made to get the courts to block the _Goodridge_ decision
from going into effect.  Governor Romney
had asked the state attorney general, who opposes such marriages, to apply to
the Supreme Judicial Court for a further stay pending the possible 2006 voter
approval of the anti-marriage amendment, but was rebuffed by A.G. Thomas F.
Reilly, who said that the Goodridge plaintiffs had won their case and there was
no legal ground for a further stay.  A
group of legislators filed their own action with the S.J.C., arguing that the
court should consider anew the question whether it had jurisdiction to decide
the case and order the remedy that it had ordered, but were rebuffed without
opinion.
Another lawsuit was attempted by
a right-wing litigation group, calling itself Liberty Counsel, which filed in
federal court, alleging that Massachusetts citizens had been denied the right
to a republican form of government, as guaranteed them in the U.S.
Constitution, when the Supreme Judicial Court engaged in legislating by
redefining the meaning of marriage under state statutory law.  This action, _Largess v. Supreme Judicial
Court of the State of Massachusetts_, 2004 WL 1068877 (D. Mass.), brought on
behalf of a twelve Massachusetts citizens, eleven of them members of the
legislature, was rejected on May 13 by U.S. District Judge Joseph L. Tauro, in
a brief opinion evidently drafted on very short notice, since it was issued the
day after oral argument in a suit filed just days before.
In this case, the attorney
general’s office was defending the Supreme Judicial Court, and argued that the
federal court lacked jurisdiction of the subject matter, an argument that Tauro
rejected.  However, he disagreed with
the plaintiffs’ contention that the SJC’s action violated the federal
Constitution’s Guarantee Clause.  He
found that the Massachusetts Constitution provided a mechanism by which the
legislature could give the courts subject matter jurisdiction over family law
questions, and that it had, in fact, done so. “Implicit in that transfer of
jurisdiction to the judicial branch is the transfer of authority to define the
term marriage, as that term appears in the Massachusetts Constitution,” wrote
Tauro. “There can be no question that, if the judicial branch has jurisdiction
over all questions involving divorce, alimony, affirmation, and annulment, it
has the authority to determine whether there has been a valid marriage.  And, in order to determine whether there has
been a valid marriage, the judicial branch must have the authority to
interpret, and if necessary, reinterpret, the term marriage.”
Tauro also rejected the argument
that the SJC had usurped legislative authority by redefining marriage in order
to satisfy its view of the equality requirements imposed by the state
constitution.  Repeating his view that
the SJC “has the authority to interpret, and reinterpret, if necessary, the
term marriage as it appears in the Massachusetts Constitution,” Tauro
continued, “The SJC’s reformulation of the term marriage in its opinion in the
_Goodridge_ case was, therefore, not a legislative act.  Rather, it was a legitimate exercise of the
court’s authority and responsibility to decide with finality all issues arising
under the Massachusetts Constitution.” Tauro also found it significant that the
SJC then gave the legislature a 180 day window “to act before entry of
judgment.” Tauro concluded that the plaintiffs were unlikely to succeed on the
merits, and thus were not entitled to injunctive relief.
An emergency appeal by the
plaintiffs to the 1st Circuit gained them no relief, that court
rejecting any request for interim relief and indicating that it could hear an
appeal from Tauro’s opinion sometime in June.
A desperate application to Supreme Court Justice David Souter, Circuit
Justice for emergency appeals from the 1st Circuit, was referred by
Souter to the full Supreme Court, which refused to get involved.  And thus marriages could begin on May 17.
After the marriages began taking
place, Governor Romney quickly moved to take action on the marriages by
out-of-staters, demanding that city clerks send to the governor’s office the
documents on all out-of-state couples who had received licenses.  Romney referred these to A.G. Reilly, who
ordered the clerks to stop issuing licenses to out-of-state same-sex couples,
in letters dispatched on May 21.  Some
complied immediately, including Springfield.
In Provincetown, the city council was to consider the matter on Tuesday,
the 25th, and the Worcester clerk’s office indicated they were
confident that they were doing the right thing under state law by continuing to
issue the licenses.   In Somerville the
clerk wanted to continue issuing licenses, but after a few days the mayor,
Joseph A. Curtatone, ordered them stopped “temporarily” while awaiting a
response to a letter he sent Reilly, asking whether Reilly’s letter was
intended to be a cease-and-desist order and whether the clerk should be
quizzing heterosexual license applicants about their residential status and
intentions.  Reilly had justified his
letters as follows: “This is pretty clear.
The decision is relevant to residents of Massachusetts and people from
other states who come to Massachusetts and intend to reside here; it’s limited
to that. . . So with respect to the law, we will enforce the law.” But Reilly
said he would probably not seek to penalize those clerks who had issued
licenses prior to receiving his letter.
It seemed certain that the 1913
law’s constitutionality would be drawn into question relatively quickly.  It was adopted in response to a proposal by
the Commissioners on Uniform State Laws, who were attempting to make marriage
laws “uniform” throughout the country at a time when many states (but not
Massachusetts) banned marriages between white persons and persons of
color.  Only half a dozen states
responded to the Commissioners’ recommendation by adopting the laws.  At the time, the interracial marriage of
professional prizefighter Jim Johnson had scandalized many and provoked much
public discussion about people traveling to other states to marry in order to
avoid miscegenation laws, although contemporary accounts have suggested to some
historians now quickly looking into the matter that stopping interracial
couples from coming to Massachusetts to marry was but one of several grounds on
which legislators stated their support for the law in 1913.
Most of this article is based on
stories appearing during the relevant time period in the _Boston Globe_ and the
_Boston Herald_, as well as press releases from GLAD.  A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Egg Donor Lesbian Co-Parent Is
Not a Legal Parent in California
A California Court of Appeal
panel rejected the efforts of a woman to establish parental rights for the
children resulting from artificial insemination of her egg, which she had
donated to her lesbian partner. _K.M. v. E.G._, 2004 WL 1048284 (Cal. Ct. App.
1st Dist., May 10, 2004).  Notwithstanding
that the women had raised the children together as co-parents for seven years,
the court determined that EG’s intent to be the sole legal parent of the
children was sufficient to thwart KM’s claim under the Uniform Parentage
Act.  Justice Mark B. Simons wrote for
the court.
KM and EG began living together in March 1994, after dating for nine months.
Six months later, they registered as domestic partners. Prior to meeting KM, EG
had explored ways of having a child on her own, including artificial
insemination and adoption. After numerous unsuccessful attempts at
insemination, EG asked KM to donate her egg.
KM was unable to bear a child due to uterine problems.  As the court explained, EG only asked KM on
the condition that KM would be a “real donor,” meaning that EG would be the only
legal mother of the children. The women discussed the possibility of a future
adoption by KM, but EG said that she wanted to wait at least five years, when
the relationship between them would be more stable and permanent.  EG noted that a lesbian friend was embroiled
in a custody dispute, and insisted that she wanted to avoid such problems.  KM agreed to this arrangement, and did not
push the issue of legal parenthood.
In February 1995, EG received a copy of the egg donation form from UCSF Medical
Center. The women reviewed the forms with each other, and attended a counseling
session on February 14, 1995. After meeting with the counselor, KM and EG
talked about what they would tell the child born from KM’s donated eggs about
his/her parents. They agreed to tell the child eventually that KM was the
genetic mother, but agreed that EG would decide when it was appropriate to do
so. They also agreed not to tell other people that KM had donated her egg to
EG, and would only say that EG was the mother. On March 8, KM went to UCSF for
the egg extraction procedure. At the hospital, prior to the procedure, KM was
given a copy of the egg donation form to review and sign. After she did so, KM
had blood drawn, which was the first step in the egg retrieval procedure. The
following month, KM actually underwent the egg extraction process. The eggs
were fertilized in vitro with sperm from an anonymous donor, and then four of
the resulting embryos were implanted in EG’s uterus. That procedure was
successful, and EG became pregnant. She gave birth to twin girls in December
1995.
For the next five years, EG and KM and the twins lived together as a family. KM
and EG bought a house together in Marin County, and enrolled the girls in
preschool there.  KM was listed as a
“co-parent” on the girls’s school enrollment forms, and took the children to
pediatric appointments along with EG. The women did not reveal to the
pediatrician, however, that KM was the genetic mother of the children.
In 1998, the women began to argue about whether or how to tell the girls that
they were genetically related to KM. EG insisted that she would never tell them
this information, and that she was the girls’ only legal mother. She reiterated
that KM had no legal rights to the children without adoption. In 2000, KM
pushed the issue of adoption, but EG resisted. The couple also disagreed about
relocating to Massachusetts. By March 2001, the couple had separated, and EG
filed a notice of termination of the domestic partnership. KM filed a petition
to establish a parental relationship with the girls, and sought in part to
prevent EG from taking the girls to Massachusetts.  The couple decided to try and resolve their differences amicably,
and KM voluntarily dismissed the petition in July 2001. In August 2001, EG
moved with the girls to Massachusetts, and continued to list KM as a parent on
school forms. KM and EG shared the girls’ educational expenses. In February
2002, KM filed a new petition to establish a parental relationship and sought
joint custody. In her opposition papers, EG claimed that KM lacked standing to
assert parentage. Pending trial, however, the parties agreed that KM would have
visitation rights with the children in Massachusetts.
The trial court found that KM
lacked standing to assert parental rights because she had waived any claim to
parentage when she signed the egg donation form. The court also found that the
parties had agreed that EG would be the sole legal parent of the children, and
nothing about the parties’ arrangement modified that understanding.
Accordingly, the trial court ruled that KM did not have standing to assert a
claim of parentage.
The court of appeals affirmed
the trial court’s decision. As an initial matter, Justice Simons found that KM
had standing because her genetic link to the children meant that she qualified
as an “interested person” under the Uniform Parentage Act. Turning to the
merits, applying the “intention test” articulated in _Johnson v. Calvert_, 5
Cal. 4th 84 (1993), the court ruled that EG was the girls’ only legal mother.
The court noted from the outset that, notwithstanding changes in reproductive
technology, the _Johnson_ court expressly declined to find that a child can
have two natural mothers. Rather, the woman who intended to procreate the child
– that is, to bring about the birth of a child whom she intended to raise as
her own –  is the natural mother of the
child under California law. Working from this premise, the court then applied
the _Johnson_ test to the facts before it.
The court found two facts in particular to be dispositive of KM’s
claims. First, the court noted that KM orally agreed before the children were
conceived that EG would be the sole legal parent unless and until KM formally
adopted the children. Second, the court emphasized that KM signed a donor
consent form in advance of the egg donation procedure in which she expressly
waived any parental rights that might have otherwise attached due to her
genetic connection to the children born from the egg.
KM raised a number of arguments sounding in contract law to argue that she
should not be bound by the donor consent form. Specifically, she asserted as
defenses lack of consideration, unconscionability, indefiniteness, and statute
of frauds. The court rejected these arguments, however, noting that “the
ultimate determination of natural motherhood depends not upon the existence of
a binding contract, but rather, as _Johnson_ instructs, upon the woman’s
intention to bring about the birth of the child to raise as her own.” The court
noted that KM knew up front that EG had wanted to be the sole legal parent of
the child(ren), and had been attempting to get pregnant even before the two
began their relationship. This knowledge, in the court’s view, established that
the parties intended that EG be the one to bring about the birth of the
child(ren) to raise as her own.
The court also rejected KM’s
attempts to minimize the significance of the donor consent form. KM insisted
that she assumed that certain provisions about the waiver of rights would not
apply to her because she was in an intimate relationship with the woman who
would be receiving her eggs. The court pointed out, however, that KM never
objected to the terms of the form, and in fact abided by the terms of the
agreement by not disclosing to outsiders or to the girls themselves that she
was their genetic mother for many years. Moreover, the trial court specifically
found that the relinquishment of parental rights in the donor form was “clear.”
Therefore, despite the existence of conflicting evidence, the appellate court
discerned no basis for disturbing the trial court’s factual finding that KM
knowingly, voluntarily and intelligently waived her parental rights.
Justice Simons also rejected the argument that the women’s relationship warranted
a different legal outcome on the question of custody. Although the evidence
demonstrated that the women implicitly agreed to raise together any child
formed from KM’s donated eggs, the court agreed with the trial court’s factual
finding that only EG intended to be the mother of the child, and that KM had
donated her eggs to facilitate procreation of a child for EG. The court
specifically did not reach the question of “whether the determination of
natural motherhood in a dispute between a genetic mother and the birth mother
always compels the selection of one woman to the exclusion of the other or
whether a child can, in an appropriate case, have two natural mothers.”
KM insisted that whatever the parties’ intentions might have been at the time
of conception, their actions following the birth of the girls manifested a
different understanding. But the court rejected the argument that the parties’
intention should be assessed over time and can be modified by conduct
subsequent to the conception of the child. The court emphasized that any
extension of the inquiry beyond that point would create too much uncertainty.
Rather, “[t]he law requires a fixed standard that gives prospective parents
some measure of confidence in the legal ramifications of their procreative
actions.”
Citing a litany of cases, the court also reaffirmed that the rule that a
domestic partner of a child’s natural mother does not qualify as a parent under
the UPA simply because that partner has played a parental role in the life of
the child.  In other words, one’s
functional status as co-parent does not translate into legal status as a
parent. Furthermore, the court rejected the argument that a natural parent’s
decision to allow another person to act as a parent to a child estops the natural
parent from contesting that person’s attempt to establish legal parenthood.
The court acknowledged that a decision denying KM parental rights would
disserve the interests of the girls, who view KM as their mother. Nevertheless,
the court insisted that the “best interests of the child” standard, which is
used in custody determinations, could play no role in the determination of
parentage. “Basing parentage on a best interests standard,” the court
explained, “would put at risk the rights of any natural parent who entered into
a relationship and encouraged the formation of parental bonds between the
children and the new partner.”
KM, who was represented by the
Hersh Family Law Practice in San Francisco, will likely appeal the decision.
Shannon Minter and Courtney Joslin from the National Center for Lesbian Rights
filed an amicus brief on her behalf. While disputing the trial court’s
characterization of the facts, Joslin noted that even those facts “support the
conclusion that both [women] actually intended to function as parents to the
resulting children. It is this intent that is relevant to the determination
under _Johnson_,”  not “intent to be a
legal parent.” Such a rule, Joslin insisted, would lead to conflicting and
inequitable results in many cases. _Sharon McGowan_
Marriage & Partnership
Litigation Notes
_Federal - Minnesota_ - One of
the earliest gay marriage litigants has jumped back into the fray.  Jack Baker, whose attempt to win a marriage
license for himself and Michael McConnell led to the first unsuccessful
judicial decision on same-sex marriage, _Baker v. Nelson_, 191 N.W.2d 185
(Minn. 1971), app. dismissed, 409 U.S. 810 (1972), has filed a new lawsuit,
according to the _Pioneer Press_ of May 19.
It seems that despite their lack of success in the courts back in 1971,
Baker and McConnell had obtained a marriage license in Mankato, Minnesota and
were married by a Methodist minister.
Now Baker and McConnell are suing the Internal Revenue Service in the
U.S. District Court in Minnesota, claiming that they should be entitled to file
an amended tax return for 2000 as a married couple.  Baker and McConnell had originally filed individually, but in
2003, in light of the marriage developments around the country, decided to
attempt to file an amended return and claim a refund of $793.28.  This March, the I.R.S. ruled that they could
not amend, citing the federal Defense of Marriage Act for the point that the
federal government does not recognize same-sex marriages for purposes of
federal law.  An attorney assisting
Baker with the lawsuit, Larry Leventhal, told the _Pioneer Press_ that the
legal theory of the law suit is due process under the 5th Amendment,
and that the plaintiffs are arguing that the Defense of Marriage Act may not be
used retroactively to invalidate their 1971 marriage for federal purposes.  In addition to demanding the right to file
jointly, the plaintiffs seek a declaration from the court that they are full
citizens who are lawfully married to each other and entitled to equal treatment
with all other married Minnesotans.
_Arizona_ - The Arizona Supreme
Court announced on May 25 that it will not hear an appeal on the merits in
_Standhardt v. Superior Court_, 77 P.3d 451 (Az.Ct.App., Oct. 8, 2003), in
which a gay male couple is seeking to marry.
Don Standhardt and Tod Keltner sought a marriage license shortly after
the Supreme Court’s _Lawrence v. Texas_ ruling last spring and, upon being
turned down, immediately filed a lawsuit, as yet unsuccessfully.  In its October 8 ruling, the Arizona appeals
court rejected U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s dissenting comment
in _Lawrence_ that the decision opened up the way for same-sex marriage.  The court found the issues quite distinguishable,
noting that _Lawrence_ involved a criminal statute (and that the Court’s
opinion in Lawrence pointedly observed that the decision was not passing on
whether the state must recognize same-sex relationships in any particular
manner), and that different policy questions were raised by the marriage
issue.  The plaintiffs had been urged by
gay litigation groups not to file their lawsuit, but their lawyer, Michael
Ryan, was eager to proceed.
_California_ - The California
Supreme Court heard oral arguments on May 25 on the question whether San Francisco
Mayor Gavin Newsom had legal authority to direct the issuance of marriage
licenses to same-sex partners in his city based on his own interpretation of
the requirements of the state and federal constitutions.  A ruling from the court normally issues
within ninety days after oral argument is held.  Particularly implicated in the argument may be a state statute
that purports to reserve to the courts the determination of constitutional
issues and deprive local officials of invaliding existing laws based on their
own readings of the constitution. News reports following the hearing suggested
that most of the justices were troubled by the actions of the mayor and the
city, but there was signficant concern expressed as well about the impact of
telling several thousand couples that their marriages are invalid. _Associated
Press_, May 26.
_California - San Jose_ - In
March, the San Jose City Council voted to extend health and dental benefits to
the same-sex partners of city employees who were married in San Francisco
during the brief period when the clerk’s office there was issuing
licenses.  In a suit filed on May 13 by
the Proposition 22 Legal Defense & Education Fund and the Values Advocacy
Council, the plaintiffs argued that this action by the city violated the state
marriage law.  Jordan Lorence, a senior
council for the Alliance Defense Fund, a litigation group that filed the
lawsuit on behalf of the two organizations, stated: “Recognizing these attempts
to redefine marriage as legal is anarchy and expresses disdain for the rule of
law.” Lorence also emphasized that the state Supreme Court had ordered a halt
to the San Francisco same-sex marriages pending a ruling on the merits in a
separate lawsuit.  David Vossbrink, a
spokesperson for one of the defendants, Mayor Ron Gonzales, said that only one
employee had applied for the coverage, and stated: “This is something that’s
fair and equitable for all our employees.
We want to treat all of our employees the same.” _San Francisco
Chronicle_, May 14.
_Florida_ - Controversial Miami
lawyer Ellis Rubin filed a second same-sex marriage lawsuit on May 12, this
time a federal suit on behalf of four same-sex couples who sought him out after
hearing about his earlier state-court suit, representing a large number of co-plaintiffs
who were recruited in Miami gay bars.
In this suit, Rubin claims that the state’s refusal to issue marriage
licenses to same-sex couples, backed up by the federal Defense of Marriage Act
(DOMA), violates the federal and state constitutional rights of his
clients.  Invoking concepts of due
process, privacy and liberty, Rubin argues that the state’s current policy
renders gay people “second class citizens.” So far, the gay rights litigation
groups have pointedly avoided filing their same-sex marriage suits in federal
court, or taking on DOMA directly, believing that the sounder strategy has been
to sue in state courts, invoking state constitutional guarantees (in many cases
worded much more broadly than the federal equal protection clause), and to let
DOMA challenges arise in the context of specific controversies involving denial
of benefits or non-recognition of marriages performed in other states.  But, as with his earlier marriage case,
Rubin, a non-gay man who is not affiliated with any of the gay rights
litigation groups, is off on his own litigation crusade, avowedly in partial
atonement for having been a leader in the anti-gay initiative movement in
Florida a generation ago. _Miami Herald_, May 13.
_Louisiana - New Orleans_ - A
Louisiana state trial judge, Civil District Court Judge Louis DiRosa, rejected
a challenge to a New Orleans ordinance that allows same-sex partners of
municipal employees to be included in family benefits plans provided by the
city, granting a pretrial motion filed by the defendants.  The plaintiffs, represented by the
right-wing Alliance Defense Fund, argued that the ordinance was inconsistent
with the state’s mini-DOMA.  The
defendants emphasized that extending a particular benefit is not the equivalent
of marriage, and that the plaintiffs lacked taxpayer standing because the
domestic partners policy was structured so as to cost no additional money to
taxpayers.  _Johnson v. City of New
Orleans_, Louisiana Civil District Court (May 17, 2004). _Baton Rouge
Advocate_, May 18.
_Maine_ - The _Press Herald_
reported on May 5 that Maine Superior Court Justice Thomas Humphrey had ruled
against a lawsuit challenging Portland’s domestic partnership ordinance.  The suit was filed in August 2003 by several
married couples who had been recruited as plaintiffs by the American Center for
Law & Justice, a right-wing litigation organization dedicated to keeping
gays in their place by challenging any law that might protect the civil rights
of gay people as equal citizens.  In a
decision released on May 3, Judge Humphrey found no inconsistency between the
local ordinance and the state’s version of the Defense of Marriage Act, which
prohibits same-sex marriages being performed in Maine or the recognition of
such marriages performed elsewhere. “The ordinance applies to the extension of
limited municipal rights and benefits to domestic partners, not to the
regulation of marriage per se,” according to Humphrey. “It does not conflict
with any of the state’s provisions regarding the licensing or recognition of
marriage.” Humphrey found the law to be consistent with other Maine laws and
policies that recognize domestic partners for various limited purposes, such as
the bill that had recently been adopted by the legislature authorizing a state registry
for domestic partners with inheritance rights and the right to control a
partner’s remains after death.  A
Portland lawyer who served as local counsel for the plaintiffs, Stephen
Whiting, conceded that the legislature’s action “sort of took the wind out of
our sails,” and that an appeal was unlikely given the recent trend of the state
legislature.
_Massachusetts_ - In what may be
the first lawsuit attempting to vindicate the rights of recently married
same-sex couples, a lawsuit was filed on May 21 in Worcester, Massachusetts, by
Michelle Charron and Cindy Kalish, who were married earlier in the week,
asserting a claim for damages for “loss of consortium” arising from alleged
medical malpractice by defendant doctors at the Fallon Clinic, who it is claimed
failed to order a biopsy for a lump in Charron’s breast when she brought the
symptom to their attention in December 2002, resulting in a delay in diagnosing
cancer that has metastasized and threatens to substantially shorten her
lifespan.  The suit asserts that as a
spouse, Kalish is entitled to compensation for loss of consortium as a result
of Charron’s reduced life expectancy.  A
major question in the case is whether the consortium claim can be asserted now
for an act of malpractice that took place before the women were married, but at
a time when they had long since been living together as domestic partners,
beginning in 1992. _Boston Globe_, May 22, 2004.
_Missouri_ - In a desperate
effort to prevent the notoriously activist state judiciary from ordering
marriage licenses for same-sex couples, the Missouri legislature voted to place
on the ballot a proposal to amend the state constitution to ban same-sex
marriages in the state.  Said a
proponent of the measure, Rep. Brian Baker, a Belton Republican, “This is not
attacking anyone’s lifestyle choices.
Marriage is a distinct institution between a man and a woman.  This is important for the future of children
and families in Missouri.” Of course, Baker did not mean that this was
important to protect and enhance the lives of children who are being raised in
same-sex couple households, since they are beneath his notice as a traditional
values Republican.  House Majority
Leader Jason Crowell explained: “All Missourians should make that decision, not
some activist judge somewhere who does it by judicial fiat like we’ve seen all
across this nation.” Some conservatives were disappointed that a more draconian
measure, which would forbid giving any legal effect to civil unions, was not
approved for the ballot.  _Kansas City
Star_, May 15.  There was some dispute
about whether the referendum should be held in August or November.  On May 20, state Attorney General Jay Nixon,
a Democrat, filed a suit against Secretary of State Matt Blunt, a Republican,
seeking to compel the holding of the vote on August 3, but Circuit Judge
Richard Callahan ruled that the secretary of state does not have to set any
date at this time because the legislature had not yet forwarded to him the
official version of the proposed amendment.
Nixon immediately filed an appeal to the state supreme court.  According to an Associated Press report of
May 21, Republican leaders in the legislature, determined that this should be
part of the general election ballot in November in order to draw out more
conservative voters for the Congressional and Presidential race, planned to
hold up sending the final version of the bill to Blunt until May 28, after the
deadline for certifying issues to include on the August ballot, when primary
elections will take place for local offices.
The local primaries usually draw few voters. On May 21, the Supreme
Court sided with the Secretary of State, who will delay certifying the question
long enough to ensure that it will be on the general election ballot in
November. _St. Louis Post-Dispatch_, May 22. But the court subsequently
announced that oral argument in the matter would be held on June 1. _
Associated Press_, May 25.
_New Jersey_ - On April 13, an
amended complaint was filed in _Buell v. Clara Maas Medical Center_,
Esx-L-5144-03, a matter pending in Essex County Superior Court before Judge
James Rothschild, adding a loss of consortium claim on behalf of Judith
Peterson, the same-sex domestic partner of co-plaintiff Linda Henry.  (Henry is one of four employee co-plaintiffs
bringing allegations against the employer, and the amendment added loss of
consortium claims on behalf of the spouses of the other three employees as well
as Peterson’s claim.)  Henry claims that
she suffered a heart attack attributable to stress generated by sexual
harassment in the workplace, and Peterson claims that as Henry’s partner, she
should be entitled to compensation for loss of consortium, tagging on to the
common law claims asserted in the complaint, including tortious interference with
contract and intentional infliction of emotional distress.  (Loss of consortium claims may not be part
of sex discrimination claims brought under the N.J. Law Against Discrimination,
but must be asserted as part of accompanying tort claims.)  On April 23, Judge Rothschild accepted the
amended complaint, and counsel for the company began researching grounds for a
motion to dismiss.   Normally, loss of
consortium claims are available only to spouses of litigants, but at least one
state appellate court in New Mexico has ruled that domestic partners should
also be able to claim compensation when an injury inflicted on their partner
deprives them of the “consort, companionship, society, affection, services, and
support” of their partner.  See _Lozoya
v. Sanchez_, 66 P.3d 948 (N.M. 2003). _New Jersey Law Journal_, May 12.
_New York_ - _National Review
Online_ reported on May 10 that a lesbian couple united in a Vermont Civil
Union but living in Westchester County has filed an action in state court
seeking a dissolution of their civil union.
The reporter stated that the parties are proceeding anonymously, and
details about their relationship or the subjects to be addressed in the
dissolution proceeding have not been disclosed.  However, the case does present a question of first impression in
New York that was answered negatively in Connecticut: whether the state courts
have jurisdiction to dissolve a Vermont civil union and, if so, what body of
law will be used to determine the details of the dissolution.   Obtaining a dissolution in Vermont is a
hardship for couples who reside in other states, because there is a residency
requirement for invoking the jurisdiction of the Vermont courts over the
parties.
_North Carolina_ - Durham County
District Judge Craig B. Brown granted Durham County’s motion to dismiss a
lawsuit filed by Richard Mullinax and Perry Pike, seeking a license to marry
each other.  In March, Mullinax and
Pike, accompanied by their attorney and a group of supporters, went to the
Durham County Register of Deeds, Willie Covington, and requested a
license.  When it was refused, they
crossed the street and filed suit in the District Court.  But Brown accepted the county’s argument
that a same-sex couple lacks standing to sue for a marriage license.  North Carolina law is gender-specific on
marriage.  The men vowed to refile their
suit in the Superior Court.  During the
hearing, held on May 10, Judge Brown told the lawyers that he has a “close
family member” with an “alternative life style” as well as many gay friends,
but that he had concluded that state law has a specific definition of marriage,
and he was not free to ignore that and order that a license be issued. _News
& Observer_, May 11.
_Pennsylvania_ – Some
Pennsylvania legislators are so cowed by the idea of same-sex marriages in
their state that passing a DOMA was not enough for them.  After a gay male couple applied for a
marriage license at the Bucks County Courthouse, were turned down, and
indicated they were thinking of suiting for a license, a group of a dozen
legislators joined together to file a declaratory judgment action naming the
two men as defendants, seeking judicial affirmation of the state’s DOMA, a
statute that forbids the performance or recognition of a same-sex marriage in
the state.  The attorney for the
plaintiffs, Leonard G. Brown III, said, “We want to establish the
constitutionality of the law so that the register of wills does not have to
issue a marriage license to a same-sex couple.” Brown contends that the gay
couple, Robert Seneca and Stephen Stahl, could attempt to get a Bucks County
Judge to order the issuance of a license, and they want to preempt any such
action. This sounds upside down to us; there is as yet no case or controversy,
and one wonders about the need for an affirmative lawsuit to get a declaration
that a law is constitutional and the standing of plaintiffs to bring it.  Seneca and Stahl indicated that they would
wait until after marriages began in Massachusetts before filing a lawsuit.
_Patriot News_, May 16.
_Washington State - Seattle_ -
King County Superior Court Judge Bruce Hilyer granted a motion to dismiss a
lawsuit that had been filed against Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels by the American
Family Association Center for Law & Policy and Liberty Counsel of Longwood,
two out-of-state litigation groups, challenging the city’s action in
determining that those of its employees who enter into lawful same-sex
marriages in other jurisdictions will be treated as married for purposes of
their employee benefits in Seattle.
Twelve location residents were the nominal plaintiffs in the
lawsuit.  According to a May 22 report,
Hilyer found that Nickels’ executive order, issued in March, “directing city
departments to extend benefits to employees in gay and lesbian marriages, isn’t
in conflict with state law and doesn’t violate the city charter,” said the
Associated Press.  In April, a portion
of the mayor’s order was ratified by the city council in a unanimous vote.  A.S.L.
Marriage & Partnership
Legislative Notes
_Federal - Constitutional
Amendment_ - At House hearings held in mid-May on the proposed Federal Marriage
Amendment, Republican witnesses asserted that preventing same-sex marriage was
necessary to avoid having the federal government incur billions of dollars in
new expenses under various federal benefit programs.  Rep. Marilyn Musgrave (Rep. - Colo), chief sponsor of the
amendment, argued that “activist judges” in the states should not be allowed to
impose new expenses on federal taxpayers. Committee Democrats denounced these
arguments, pointing out that gay and lesbian couples are also taxpayers and
are, at present, helping to subsidize the benefits of married heterosexuals.
“You don’t save money by denying people rights in America,” argued Rep. Barney
Frank (D-Mass.).  Rep. Bobby Scott (D-
Va.) argued that Congress should not be performing “a cost-benefit analysis of
civil rights law.”  _San Francisco
Chronicle_, May 14.
_Alabama_ - A proposal to amend
the Alabama constitution to prevent the wild-eyed, radical left-wing state
judiciary from deciding to recognize same-sex marriages will _not_ be on the
ballot November 2, the legislator having concluded its regular session without
voting on the proposal.  However, its
chief proponent, Gerald Allen, a Tuscaloosa Democrat with too much time on his
hands, indicated that he would reintroduce it at the first opportunity.  Stated an opponent of the proposal, Rep.
Alvin Holmes, a Montgomery Democrat, “The State of Alabama doesn’t need to get
involved in the personal life or in the bedroom of people.” Associated Press,
May 17.
_California_ - On May 20, the
California State Assembly voted 45-31 in favor of a measure that would amend
the state’s Insurance and Health & Safety Codes to bar discrimination
against registered domestic partners by insurance providers.  A.B. 2208 was introduced by Assemblymember
Christine Kehoe of San Diego.   The
Assembly had previously voted to approve an overhaul of the state’s civil
rights laws, incorporating sexual orientation protection (which had been dealt
with in a separate statute). * * * Although an Assembly committee has approved
legislation proposed by Assemblyman Mark Leno to open up marriage to same-sex
couples, Leno announced on May 19 that he was pulling the bill from further consideration
in this session, but will reintroduce it next year.  A.B. 1967 made history as the first positive proposal to allow
marriages by same-sex couples to win approval from a legislative committee in
the U.S.   Leno decided to pull the bill
because his count showed inadequate support for passage in this session. “The
issue has far too much importance to be defeated on the floor,” he told the
_San Francisco Chronicle_ (May 19).
Leno also announced that when the bill is reintroduced, it will be
co-sponsored by Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez.
_Kansas_ - On May 1, the Kansas
Senate approved a proposed constitutional amendment by a vote of 27-13, exactly
the required 2/3 majority.  The proposal
would amend the state constitution to say that the state only recognizes
marriages between one man and one woman, and that the rights and benefits of
marriage may not be given to any other kind of domestic relationship, including
civil unions.   One proponent of the
amendment, Republican Senator Bob Lyon of Winchester, said, “Civil law needs to
be consistent with biblical law.  I
don’t think we should sanction immorality.” Thousands of Kansans breathlessly
await Senator Lyon’s forthcoming introduction of legislative proposals to revive
slavery, require fields to lie fallow and all debts to be cancelled every seven
years, and - most importantly- to ban the manfacture and sale of blended
fabrics and non-kosher food, so that the state can truly embody biblical
precepts in its civil law. _Lawrence Journal World_, May 2.
_Louisiana_ - On May 18, the
Louisiana House and Senate each passed a version of a proposed state
constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages.  Each measure had well over the 2/3 majority required, but they
differ as to when the matter should be put to the public.  The Senate version calls for a special
election in December, while the House version wants the vote to take place
during the general election in November.
Said opponent Rep. Arthur Morrell, a New Orleans Democrat, “As far as
I’m concerned this is feel-good legislation for the president of the United
States to find an issue to get him re-elected.” The House sponsor argued that
it would be less expensive to hold the referendum during the general election,
but the Senate sponsor pointed out that there is a scheduled election on
September 18 for a variety of purposes, so no additional expense would be
incurred.  Difference were expressed
over whether the proposed amendments would go beyond banning same-sex marriages
to endanger existing domestic partnership rights enjoyed by gay municipal
employees in New Orleans. _Associated Press_, May 18.
_Maine_ - He’s Back!!!  Maine Rep. Brian Duprey, a Hampden
Republican, whose proposal to amend the state constitution to ban same-sex
marriages was rejected last year, has announced that he will try again next
year.  Although Maine already has a
Defense of Marriage Act, Duprey still considers the measure necessary. “I
believe too strongly in the institution of marriage to sit back and allow the
actions of a few extremist judges to radically change marriage,” he told the
_Portland Press Herald_ (May 15).
Governor John Baldacci has reiterated his strong opposition to the
proposal, his press spokesperson stating that “his view is that the
Constitution should be used to expand freedom, not restrict it.” The Roman
Catholic Diocese of Portland and the Christian Civic League of Maine, perhaps
responding to the voluminous reported sayings of Jesus on the subject, have
announced their support for Duprey’s proposal, which would require a two-thirds
vote of each house of the legislature before it could be submitted to the
public for ratification. * * * 256Gay.com reported on May 7 that the
legislature had approved a bill to bar recognition of same-sex marriages from
out-of-state, and had sent it to Gov. John Baldacci for his signature, but we
were not able to find any trace of this in electronic databases of recent Maine
legislation, so the report is unconfirmed.
The report did get the name of the Governor wrong, so we’re not certain
of its provenance.
_New Hampshire_ - On May 14,
Governor Craig Benson signed into law the newest mini-DOMA, a statute that
provides that same-sex marriages performed in other states shall not be
recognized in New Hampshire.  But this is
rather a lesser mini-DOMA, since it does not enshrine in the New Hampshire
statutes a new definition of marriage specifically as being between one man and
one woman.  That had been included in
the Senate version, but the House took it out and substituted the establishment
of a committee to look into how state laws might be changed to allow civil
unions.  Thus, this measure is more of a
holding pattern to maintain the status quo against the eventuality that
same-sex couples married in Massachusetts or elsewhere might come to New
Hampshire seeking recognition for their relationship while the legislature has
not finished working through where it stands on the issue.  One suspects that there is considerable
sentiment in New Hampshire to do something similar to Vermont. _Associated
Press_, May 14.
_New York - New York City_ - On
May 5, the New York City Council voted 43-5 (with 2 abstentions) to approve the
Equal Benefits Act, a bill requiring city contractors doing business worth more
than $100,000 with the city of New York to provide benefits to domestic
partners of their employees on the same basis as benefits are provided to legal
spouses.  Following the lead of San
Francisco, the proponents of the New York bill agreed to modifications of their
original proposal as a face-saving gesture to religious organizations, who can
comply by extending the benefits to a member of the employee’s household, with
no need to describe or prove any particular relationship other than fellow
residence.  Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who
had supported the concept of this legislation during his election campaign in
2001, had promptly disavowed his support, claiming that it was inappropriate
for the city to use its procurement powers to effect social policy.  After the Council vote, Bloomberg released a
statement that he would veto the bill.
A council attempt to override would soon follow, and if substantially
all who voted for the bill originally will reiterate the vote, it will pass
over the mayor’s veto.  There were
sounds emanating from city hall suggesting the mayor would seek to have the
measure invalidated in the courts if it passed over his veto.  This is no idyl threat, since such measures
are vulnerable to legal attack on a variety of theories, not least preemption
by the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act with respect to any
benefits that are subject to federal regulation as “employee benefits plans,”
which are statutorily exempted from regulation by state or local laws.  Although the federal appeals court on the
West Coast upheld San Francisco’s partnership benefits ordinance, the U.S.
Supreme Court has not spoken on the issue, and a federal court in Maine
recently cast doubt on substantial portions of a similar law enacted in
Portland.  More developments await on
this issue.
_Oregon_ - The _Oregonian_
reported on May 21 that the Oregon Supreme Court had refused to reconsider its
decision clearing the way for signature-gathering to begin on an initiative to
ban same-sex marriages in the state.
Supporters of the proposed initiative need to collect 100,840 valid
signatures over the space of six weeks.
Predictions were that if they succeed, a multi-million dollar media
campaign will ensue.  Churches
throughout the state were expected to circulate petitions at Sunday services.
_Tennessee_ - On May 6, the
Tennessee House of Representatives approved a proposed state constitutional
amendment that would define marriage as between “one man and one woman.” the
vote was 86-5, with one voting present and one not voting.  Chief sponsor Rep. Bill Dunn, a Knoxville
Republican, said that the purpose “is to uphold one of the main pillars of our
society and that is marriage.” On May 19, the Senate voted 28-1 in favor of the
measure.  This sets in motion a two-year
process, similar to that followed in Massachusetts.  If an identically worded measure wins a 2/3 vote in both houses
of the legislature next year, it will go on the ballot for voter approval in
2006.  The Senate also passed a
resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to approve the Federal Marriage
Amendment and forward it to the states for ratification.  _The City Paper_, Nashville, May 7; _The
Tennessean_, May 20.
_Washington State - Tumwater_ -
The City Council here voted on May 18 to support a resolution opposing the
Federal Marriage Amendment.  The vote
was 6-0 with one abstention. A similar resolution was approved in March by the
Olympia City Council.  The one member
who abstained stated his view that this was an issue that was the proper
concern of the state legislature, not the city council. _The Olympian_, May 19.
A.S.L.
Marriage and Partnership
Societal Notes
_Federal_ - For the first time,
the 9/11 Compensation Fund has awarded compensation to a surviving same-sex
partner who was not a testamentary beneficiary of a victim.  According to a May 6 report by 365Gay.com,
Nancy Walsh, the surviving domestic partner of Carol Flyzik, who was a
passenger in one of the planes that was crashed into the World Trade Center,
was at first rejected when she applied to the Fund for compensation, because
Flyzik had not left a will designating her as a beneficiary.  She appealed that earlier ruling,
represented by Jennifer Levi, formerly a staff attorney for Gay and Lesbian
Advocates and Defenders (Boston), and New York attorney Noah Kushlefsky of
Kreindler & Kreindler.  The amount
of the award was not disclosed to the press; it covers Walsh’s son, who was
being raised jointly by both women, as well.
Previous awards to gay partners have involved cases where the surviving
partner was designated as a will beneficiary, and thus would have been a
potential indirect recipient of damages had the victim’s estate filed a
lawsuit.  The idea behind the fund was
to provide compensation in exchange for binding commitments not to file
lawsuits against the airlines whose planes were hijacked on 9/11/2001. _GLAD_
Press Advisory, May 6.
_California_ - Otis Charles, 78,
a retired Episcopal bishop, took advantage of the availability of marriage
licenses for same-sex partners in San Francisco by marrying Felipe Sanchez
Paris on April 24 in a ceremony at St. Gregory of Nyssa Episcopal Church in San
Francisco, in the presence of several hundred family members and friends.  Reacting to this event and an account of it
published in the _San Francisco Chronicle_, Rev. William Swing, the church’s
California bishop, declared that Charles is no longer an assisting bishop of
the church and may not longer celebrate the sacraments there, thus relieving
him of the right to performing weddings, baptisms, and other services.  However, bishops in the church are ordained
for life and unless a formal process is initiated to defrock him, Charles will
remain a member of the House of Bishops with the right to vote on matters
before the House.  Charles came out as
gay in 1993, and had previously been in a heterosexual marriage.  The dispute with Bishop Swing seems to
revolve around nomenclature, as the San Francisco diocese has performed
numerous ceremonies for same-sex partners; Swing objects to Charles
characterizing his relationship with Paris as a marriage. _San Francisco
Chronicle_, May 11, 2004.
_Massachusetts_ - Anticipating
the beginning of marriages by same-sex couples on May 17, Local 103 of the
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW), in Boston, amended its
employee benefit plan rules to exclude same-sex married couples from family
coverage under health and pension benefit plans.  The amendment was achieved by adopting a new definition of the
phrase “dependent spouse” to mean “a person of the opposite sex.” The text of
the amendment was sent in writing to all union members on May 7.  The trustees claim to be free to take this
action because ERISA, the federal law regulating employee benefit plans,
preempts any state law affecting employee benefits.  The question whether ERISA preempts state marriage law may have
to be settled in court.  Some other
unions, including other locals of the IBEW in Massachusetts, criticized the
move.  Some union activitists were very
involved in the fight to win the right to marry for same-sex couples, and
participated in lobbying the legislature against the proposed constitutional
amendment.  Other unions are more
conservative, and there was speculation that the more conservative union
benefit plan administrators may follow Local 103's lead.  Ironically, this move comes at a time when
some Massachusetts employers were announcing that they would be discontinuing
their domestic partnership benefit plans by the end of the year, since same-sex
couples would be able to access family benefits by marrying. _Boston Globe_,
May 11.
_Oklahoma_ - Reacting to the
legislature’s decision to propose a state constitutional amendment banning
same-sex marriages, Cimarron Equality Oklahoma, a lesbian and gay rights
political organization, published a quarter-page display advertisement in the
May 10 issue of USA Today, stating that the state was “going out of business”
and encouraging companies thinking of locating there to “look hard at
Oklahoma’s worsening culture of intolerant exclusion.” The ad showed a map of
the state with a “Closed” sign dangling from a push-pin, according to an
article in the _Tulsa World_ of May 12, which reported that state officials,
stung by the advertisement, had roundly condemned the ad.  The governor’s communications director criticized
the ad for undermining the state’s economic development efforts, and the author
of the anti-marriage amendment, Senator James A. Williamson, a Tulsa
Republican, called the ad “economic extortion” and “outrageous.” A spokesperson
for Cimarron said that the ad was placed in order to get the attention of the
business community in Oklahoma, which stood by silently while the legislature
was debating the proposed amendment, and noted that the amendment would affect
all persons in domestic partnerships, not just same-sex partners. “There are
many, many couples in Oklahoma who are ‘common law,’ and these partnerships
would be invalid as well,” said Terry Gatewood; “These folks need to rally as
well.” Gatewood observed that many big national corporations with operations in
Oklahoma provide domestic partnership benefits. A.S.L.
Washington Appeals Court Finds
Common Law Rights for Lesbian Co-Parent
Although it
rejected an argument that a lesbian co-parent should be able to assert parental
rights under the Uniform Parentage Act (UPA), a statute in force in many
states, the Court of Appeals of the state of Washington ruled May 3 that under
Washington’s common law, the lesbian co-parent can be treated as a _de facto_
parent and seek rights of parental recognition, including a right to
visitation. _In re the Parentage of E.B.; Carvin and Britain_, 2004 WL 938361
(Wash. Ct. App.)
The case presents the usual
constellation of facts found in parental rights disputes between former lesbian
partners, but with an unusual twist. According to her complaint, Sue Ellen
Carvin and Page Britain were long-term domestic partners when they decided to
have a child. They persuaded a gay male friend, John Auseth, to be their sperm
donor, and Britain was inseminated and bore the child, a girl. During the first
six years of the child’s life, Carvin claims to have been  primary caretaker, as Britain returned to
her job and Carvin cut down on her own work, taking the child to doctor's
appointments and later to play and school obligations.
When the relationship
deteriorated, at least in part due to Britain's irritation that she was
providing the financial support and Carvin, staying at home with the child,
“enjoyed the glory of being a ‘mom,’” Carvin claims, Britain moved out with the
child, but agreed that Carvin would continue to play a parental role.  As sometimes happens in these situations,
Britain gradually cut down Carvin’s contact and finally cut her off entirely.
The unusual twist in the case is that after Carvin filed her lawsuit seeking to
assert parental rights and re-establish contact with her daughter, Auseth, the
gay sperm donor, who was then living in California, gave up his job and moved
back to Seattle, where he married Britain and assumed the active role of being
the child’s father. (He had not previously met the child before these events.)
Britain then took the step of having the child’s birth certificate changed to
indicate that Auseth was the father.
The trial judge found that
Carvin had no parental rights under the UPA, and that Washington’s common law
provided no basis for her claim to legal rights as a “psychological” or _de
facto_ parent. While the court of appeals, in an opinion by Judge Kennedy,
agreed that it would be too much of a stretch to interpret the UPA as encompassing
such claims by a lesbian co-parent who was not genetically related to the
child, it found that the common law of Washington could be developed to take
account of the reality of parental relationships that were created when
same-sex couples had children through donor insemination.
“Washington courts often have
recognized that parent-child bonds form regardless of biology or statutes
providing traditional parental rights,” wrote Kennedy, discussing a variety of
cases that did not involve same-sex couples. Kennedy also observed that there
were earlier Washington court decisions that “have recognized the importance of
the psychological bond between a child and a caretaker.” Britain responded to
these points by invoking the constitutional rights of biological parents
“against unwarranted governmental intrusion into her parenting decisions.”
Kennedy responded that Washington courts have recognized two circumstances
meriting such interference: where the parent is unfit, or where “the child’s
growth and development would be detrimentally affected by placement with an
otherwise fit parent.”
In this case, Kennedy found it
was appropriate as a matter of developing the common law to extend the second
category somewhat to cover this kind of case. “Carvin does not request a
determination of co-parentage because Britain is unfit, but rather because she
alleges that she is a de facto parent with whom the child is psychologically
bonded and that it would be detrimental to [the child's] growth and development
to deprive her of the de facto parenting relationship that was fostered with
Britain's consent and active participation.”
Seeking support for this common
law development, Kennedy cited decisions by appellate courts from Wisconsin,
Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, all of which have recognized under
similar circumstances that a lesbian co-parent who had participated in planning
for a child's birth and fulfilled a parental role during the child's early life
should be entitled to maintain that parent-child tie, even after their
relationship with the child's birth mother has terminated. The court did not
consider it a significant point that Carvin had not formally adopted the child,
a step that would have been available under Washington law.
The court noted with approval
arguments made by some friend-of-the-court briefs, that courts have been
increasingly recognizing that children themselves have a constitutional right
of association that could be violated by a court’s failure to recognize the
parental bond with a same-sex co-parent. Considering the cases from the other
states, Kennedy wrote that the court found them to be “persuasive authority for
the existence of a common-law claim of de facto or psychological parentage.
Washington courts also recognize that the importance of familial bonds accords
constitutional protection to the parties involved in judicial determinations of
the parent-child relationship, including the child, whether the State seeks to
terminate a parent-child relationship or to establish one.”
While noting that courts in some
other states had refused to recognize such claims by same-sex co-parents, the
court characterized those opinions as less persuasive.
At the same time, the court of
appeals found that Carvin could also make a claim under Washington’s
controversial third-party visitation statute, whose constitutionality was
disputed by the U.S. Supreme Court in an important case that involved
grandparent visitation claims. In that case, the Supreme Court ruled that it
would violate the rights of a parent to order visitation for grandparents over
the objections of a fit parent. Kennedy noted significant distinctions between
the cases, most importantly that in this case Carvin, with Britain’s
cooperation and encouragement, had formed a parental bond and had been the
child’s primary care-giver for the early years of the child’s life. In
addition, the prior case did not involve an attempt by a parent to cut off all
contact by the grandparents, but merely her determination to reduce the
contact, which led the grandparents to seek a court order expanding their
contact. Finally, Kennedy noted that a basis for the Supreme Court faulting the
statute was the law’s failure to require a finding as to the best interest of
the child in a grandparent case. In this case, Carvin will have to prove that
it is in the best interest of her daughter to maintain parental contact.
Thus, the court “rehabilitated”
the third party visitation statute in this case, for situations that would meet
the objections the Supreme Court raised in the prior case.
The court rejected Britain’s
demand that Auseth be recognized as the child’s legal father, noting that he
had not actually joined the case as a party or attempted to assert any legal
parental claim, and that under the UPA, his status as a sperm donor was not
determinative of his status as a father. (The UPA provides that a sperm donor
is not automatically treated as a parent.) The court left open the question
whether Auseth might have a right under Washington common law to seek a
judicial determination of his parental rights at a later time.
On the other hand, the court
found that the child herself is a “necessary party” to a court proceeding to
determine who is her legal parent, and for that purpose direct the trial court
to appoint a guardian ad litem to represent the child’s interest when the case
is returned to the trial court to determine whether Carvin's claims to parental
rights and visitation should be granted. In that proceeding, the central question
will be whether it is in the best interest of the child for that parental
relationship to be established in law.
The National Center for Lesbian
Rights and the Lesbian and Gay Rights Project of the ACLU played major roles in
this case, helping to bring to the court’s attention a wide array of
decisions   and relevant expertise from
around the country in support of the extension of state common law to allow
co-parents to seek legal recognition of their parental rights. A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Finds
No Child Support Obligation for Lesbian Co-Parent
A unanimous three-judge panel of
the California Court of Appeal for the Third Appellate District has rejected an
attempt by child welfare officials of El Dorado County to force a lesbian
co-parent to provide child support for the children of her former partner.
_Elisa Maria B. V. The Superior Court of El Dorado County_, 2004 WL 1119615,
2004 Cal. App. LEXIS 761 (May 20, 2004).
The ruling, in an opinion for the court by Presiding Justice Arthur G.
Scotland, found that a lesbian co-parent in California who is not a registered
domestic partner and has not adopted her partner’s children may not be held
responsible for the children’s support.
Elisa and Emily, began living
together in 1993 and exchanged rings to symbolize their relationship.  Elisa also had the Latin slogan Emily Por
Vita (Emily for Life) tattooed on her arm.
They had a joint bank account and pooled their resources for household
expenses, according to Scotland’s opinion.
Both women wanted to experience pregnancy and child birth, so they went
together to a fertility clinic and obtained sperm donations from the same
anonymous donor.  Elisa became pregnant
in 1996 and gave birth to a son in 1997.
Emily became pregnant after Elisa and bore twins in 1998.  Before the children were born, Emily and
Elisa agreed that Emily would stay home to take care of the children and Elisa,
who had a larger income, would continue to work to support the family.  After the children were born, the women
agreed on naming them and gave them hyphenated surnames to combine their own
names.  They each considered all three
children to be their children.  However,
the year after the twins were born, the relationship went sour.
Although the women had talked
with a lawyer about adoption, they had never formalized that process.  They separated in November 1999, with Emily
and the twins remaining in the house (which Elisa owned), and Elisa promising
at that time to provide some ongoing financial support.  In May 2001, Elisa informed Emily that she
was no longer working full-time and could not afford to continue financial
assistance to Emily and the twins.
Shortly after, Emily filed for public assistance, and El Dorado County
decided to go after Elisa for child support payments.
The County successfully
persuaded Superior Court Commissioner Gregory Ward Dwyer to hold Elisa
responsible for supporting the twins.
Relying on _Johnson v. Calvert_, 5 Cal.4th 84 (1993), a case involving
surrogate parenting, Commissioner Dwyer found that Elisa and Emily had intended
for Elisa to be a parent of Emily’s twins, and having acted consistently with
that intent, Elisa should be considered a parent under California law and thus
have the support obligations of a parent.
Alternatively, Dwyer accepted promissory estoppel and equitable estoppel
arguments, holding that Elisa could not deny her parental status because of her
agreement before the children were born that she would work full-time to
support the family while Emily stayed home to take care of the children.
Elisa appealed the ruling, and
the court of appeal rejected all of the grounds that the Superior Court had
relied upon, reversing its ruling.
Sullivan observed that
California courts have consistently rejected the argument that a lesbian
co-parent can be considered a legal parent under California’s version of the
Uniform Parentage Act, which limits parental status to a birth parent or an
adoptive parent.  In _Johnson v.
Calvert_, the court was faced with determining parental rights as between the
woman whose egg had been fertilized and the surrogate mother who had undergone
the pregnancy after embryo implantation and given birth to the child.  In that case, the court held that the
intention of the all the parties when the process began was for the surrogate
mother to have no parental status, and for the egg donor and her husband to be
the legal and actual parents.  Under
California’s version of the Uniform Parentage Act (UPA), a child can have only
one “natural mother” (that is, a mother by birth), and the court held that the
intention of the parties dictated that the person who was intended to be the
mother and was biologically related to the child as the source of its genetic
heritage was the legal mother.
This case, observed Sullivan,
was quite different. “Here, Elisa has no genetic consanguinity with the twins,
she did not give birth to them, and she has not adopted them.   In contrast, Emily conceived the twins by
artificial insemination and gave birth to them with the intent of raising them
as her own.  Accordingly, Emily is the
natural mother of the twins – a fact that neither she nor Elisa has disputed –
and Elisa has no legal maternal relationship with the children under the UPA
because ‘for any child California law recognizes only one natural mother,’”
Sullivan wrote, quoting from _Johnson_.
Furthermore, Sullivan accepted Elisa’s common sense argument that
because California law would give her no right to seek custody or visitation,
it should impose no obligation of support.
Turning to common law arguments,
Sullivan noted that Elisa had never specifically promised Emily prior to her
insemination or the twins’ birth that Elisa would support the twins no matter
what happened to the women’s relationship.
Emily had tried to invoke promissory estoppel, testifying that she would
not have become pregnant had there not been an understanding between the women
that Emily was to be a co-parent and provide support for the resulting
children.  But the court rejected this
argument, finding that Elisa had never expressly promised to provide support in
the event of a break-up of the relationship.
Given the state of California law involving lesbian co-parents in the
mid-1990s, Sullivan found that it would not have been reasonable for Emily to
rely on Elisa’s alleged promises, and reasonable reliance is an essential
component of a promissory estoppel claim.
The court of appeal also
rejected the county’s attempt to use an alternative theory of equitable
estoppel, which the court described as a defensive theory that is used to
prevent a person from asserting a right where his conduct or silence makes it
unconscionable for him to assert it.
But here, Sullivan found, Elisa was not asserting a right, so equitable
estoppel could not be used against her in the case. “Emily and the County are
attempting to use the doctrine offensively to establish a parental obligation
of child support where the law does not otherwise impose such an
obligation.  Under the circumstances, it
is doubtful that equitable estoppel applies,” Scotland wrote.
The court’s opinion applies only
to situations where lesbian co-parents have not taken steps to establish legal
parental relationships with their children.
Last summer, in _Sharon S. v. Superior Court of San Diego County_, 73
P.3d 554, 2 Cal.Rptr. 3d 699 (2003), the California Supreme Court resolved all
doubts on the matter by holding that the courts could approve adoptions by
same-sex co-parents.  Such adoptions
have been approved by some lower courts for more than a decade, but their
status was always somewhat questionable due to the lack of a firm precedent
from the highest court.  Since last
summer, any same-sex couple seeking to qualify both co-parents as “parents”
under the UPA can seek an adoption decree.
Furthermore, beginning January 1, 2005, California’s newly expanded
domestic partnership law, signed last fall by Governor Davis shortly before he
was ousted by Arnold Schwarzenegger, will go into effect, bringing new parental
status to co-parents who are registered partners.  Neither of these legal developments, however, could change the
outcome in the case of Elisa and Emily, since they were not registered
partners, a status that did not exist under state law at the time the children
were born, and Elisa never attempted to adopt Emily’s twins.  A.S.L.
Coast Guard Appeals Court
Affirms Sodomy Conviction; Defers Challenge to Article 125
In _United States v.
Abdul-Rahman_, 2004 WL 1078122 (U.S. Coast Guard Court of Criminal Appeals, May
14, 2004), the court affirmed the conviction of Shams Abdul-Rahman, a male
sailor, on a variety of charges of misconduct while on board a Coast Guard
vessel, including one count of sodomy with a female cadet.  On appeal, Abdul-Rahman contested the sodomy
charge, arguing that Article 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice
(UCMJ), which forbids sodomy, is unconstitutional in light of the U.S. Supreme
Court’s decision in _Lawrence v. Texas_, 539 U.S. 558 (2003).
Writing for the court, Chief
Judge Baum rejected the argument, ruling that the Coast Guard appeals court is
bound by precedent set by the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, which has
not yet considered the sodomy provision in light of _Lawrence_, and also
because the facts and circumstances of the case were distinguishable from those
in _Lawrence_.
Abdul-Rahman had been charged with eight “specifications” (counts) involving a
variety of acts while onboard the Coast Guard Cutter Rush.  Some involved “sexually explicit conduct,”
one was for possession of alcohol on board vessel, one was for trespass to a
women’s berthing section of the vessel, and two were for “indecent acts with
another.” Abdul-Rahman pled guilty and was sentenced to confinement for 180
days and a bad conduct discharge, but apparently reserved the right to appeal.
With regard to the sodomy count, Abdul-Rahman argued on appeal that Article 125
of the UCMJ, which forbids private consensual sodomy between adult members of
the U.S. Armed Forces, was unconstitutional in light of _Lawrence_.  Amazingly, this court ruled that
“notwithstanding decisions of the Supreme Court directly bearing on issues
before this court, we are bound to follow precedents set by our higher
court,  the Court of Appeals for the
Armed Forces (CAAF), until such time as that court deems its precedent modified
by the Supreme Court.”  The CAAF had
ruled that Article 125 was constitutional in 1992, in light of _Bowers v.
Hardwick_, a case that was overruled by the Supreme Court, apparently with
retroactive effect, in _Lawrence_.  But
apparently the U.S. Supreme Court is not the highest court in the land, after
all – at least, not in the military.
In any event, the court ruled, _Lawrence_ is distinguishable.  The Supreme Court emphasized in _Lawrence_
that the case did not involve public conduct, and that the Texas Statute
furthered no legitimate state interest that could justify intrusion into the
personal and private life of the individual.
In contrast, first, Abdul-Rahman stood accused of conduct which occurred
in the women’s berthing area of a Coast Guard vessel, a place he was not
entitled to be and where other women were present, making it difficult to “find
any semblance of privacy, much less implicate privacy interests.”  Second, even if the conduct in question were
private, the Coast Guard had a legitimate military interest that would justify
its intrusion into any sexual acts aboard a Coast Guard vessel, said Baum,
without specifying what those interests were.
Third, Abdul-Rahman also pled guilty to unlawful entry into that part of
the vessel.  Fourth, under the record
before the court, it was not altogether clear that the conduct in question was
not “by force and without consent,” even though Abdul-Rahman ultimately pled
guilty to a charge of consensual sex.
Would there be good reason to find Article 125 unconstitutional, at least as
applied to consensual, adult sex conducted in a private space?  That, the court ruled, was a question for
the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, but probably not on the facts of
this case. _Steven Kolodny_
Federal Court Denies Injunction
in Student Harassment Case
A federal judge has refused to
issue a preliminary injunction against a local Iowa school district and a
police officer sued by a senior high school student for alleged violations of
the student’s rights under the First Amendment, the Equal Protection and Due
Process Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment, and Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972. _Doe v. Perry Community School District_, 2004 WL 965932
(S.D. Iowa, Apr. 29).  The student, who
claims to have been subjected to more than three years of student harassment on
the basis of his perceived sexual orientation, and who, together with one
alleged harasser, was arrested and briefly suspended after a May 2003 brawl on
school property, sought to enjoin the defendants from “taking any adverse
action” against him in response to his “speaking out in the halls of the school
in protest against hate-based discrimination or threats.” District Judge James
E. Gritzner concluded that while Doe had demonstrated “some likelihood of
success on the merits” of his Title IX claim (in which he alleged that the
defendants were deliberately indifferent to his claims of student harassment),
he had failed to do so concerning his First Amendment claims at the heart of
the requested injunction.
Doe, an 18-year-old senior at Perry High School located in Perry, Iowa, was an
active student and a member of the school football and wrestling teams until
last year when, because of alleged ongoing harassment by his classmates and
demeaning treatment by teachers and administrators due to his perceived sexual
orientation, he no longer felt safe at school and decided to complete his
education at home. According to Doe, student harassment over the years
consisted of persistent name-calling, threats, and occasional physical
assaults, including being urinated on by other students in the shower room. Doe
claims that school teachers and administrators did not take action in response
to his complaints, telling Doe instead to “get tougher skin,” “get used to it,”
and “grow up.”
One altercation at the heart of Doe's claims took place on May 8, 2003, at the
end of Joe's junior year. Doe heard that another student had publicly called
him a “pussy” and “fucking queer” and had threatened him with violence. Doe
reported the incident to Police Officer Jerry Jans (the School Resource
Officer) and sought Jans’ advice. Jans allegedly told Doe he could either
ignore the threats or confront the other student in public to make the student
“look bad.” Doe confronted the student in the hall between classes, following
the student as the student walked away reiterating anti-gay epithets and
threats of violence. The student eventually pushed Doe, and a scuffle ensued
resulting in minor injuries. After two teachers separated the students, they
were suspended for three days and arrested for disorderly conduct. The charges
against Doe were later dismissed.
Doe and his parents filed discrimination complaints with the school district.
The compliance officer who investigated the complaint determined that it was
“inconclusive.” (The court found that there were flaws in the investigation of
the incident by school administrators, but ruled that these flaws were not
relevant to Doe's motion for a preliminary injunction.)
Doe filed a complaint against the school district and its superintendent; the
school principal and associate principal; the City of Perry and Officer Jans,
alleging violations of 42 U.S.C. sections 183, 1985 and 1986 and Title IX. Doe
simultaneously filed a motion for a preliminary injunction. After a two-day
factual hearing, Judge Gritzner issued a lengthy decision denying Doe's request
for interim injunctive relief.
In casting doubt on Doe’s First Amendment claims, the court concluded that the
school took action against Doe not in response to anything he said, but in
response to what he did: “The Court finds Plaintiff has failed to make the
required showing that the disciplinary actions stemming from the May 8
altercation were intended to interfere with his First Amendment rights...[Doe]
did more than merely speak out. He was also witnessed pushing his alleged
harasser, and in fact Doe himself stated he pushed the other student at least
three times, though characterized as in defense. The evidence indicates that
the District officials’ response and that of Officer Jans was based on the
conduct of fighting, and not as a way to punish Doe for speaking out against
harassment or to restrain Doe in the future from speaking out.”  Gritzner similarly ruled that Doe failed to
demonstrate a likelihood of success on the merits of his state law false arrest
claim, since the arrest occurred in response to a fight in which Doe conceded
he participated.
Doe’s Equal Protection and Due Process claims fared no better, given the
court’s interpretation of the facts. Although the court cited with apparent
approval a Seventh Circuit case (_Nabozy v. Podlesny_, 92 F.3d 446) in which
the Court of Appeals found that a school district’s failure to protect a
student from student-on-student harassment based on sexual orientation was
constitutionally prohibited, Gritzner found the facts of _Nabozy_ to be
particularly “outrageous and egregious” and “severe.” By contrast, Gritzner
concluded that while “Doe has made credible assertions that he has been
subjected to numerous incidents of harassment, threats, and physical assaults
over a period of more than three years, the current record is insufficient to
find a likelihood of success on the merits of his equal protection claim.” The
court appeared partially persuaded by evidence that unlike in _Nabozny_, Doe’s
school responded to his complaints - by segregating him from the rest of the
student body for his own protection. The court credited testimony “that
Defendants tried to prevent harm from befalling Doe by limiting his interaction
with fellow students to supervised, classroom settings. At some point, Doe was
allowed to move between classes at times when the hallways were clear and eat
lunch in isolation in order to avoid students that could harass or attack him.”
Under Title IX, a student can state a claim for monetary damages by alleging
that the school district intentionally failed to intervene to end harassment
against a student - if the harassment is so severe, pervasive, and objectively
offensive that it can be said to deprive the victims of access to the
educational opportunities or benefits provided by the school. Judge Gritzner
indicated that while Doe has demonstrated some likelihood of success on the
merits on this claim, he “may have some difficulty in proving intentional
discrimination or deliberate indifference.” Ultimately, the court ruled that
the issue was not relevant to the preliminary injunction, which focused on
First Amendment issues only.
Gritzner appears to recognize the very real impact harassment has had on Doe,
explaining, “The current record supports a conclusion that Plaintiff is
suffering harm by not having a safe learning environment at Perry High School
and will continue to suffer harm by not feeling sufficiently safe to attend
school with his classmates. Doe will be further harmed if he does not
participate in the upcoming activities related to graduation.”  Nevertheless, in reading the court’s
decision, and all the inferences the court seems willing to draw in favor of
the defendants, one gets the sense that Judge Gritzner intends to set the bar
quite high for Doe to prevail on the merits of his claims.
Robert Montgomery represents Doe.  Kirks
Quinn represents Perry Community School District. Harry Perkins III represents
the City of Perry. _Ian Chesir-Teran_
Federal Civil Litigation Notes
_Federal - 6th
Circuit - Ohio_ - In an unofficially published per curiam opinion, a panel of
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit affirmed the dismissal
of sex and perceived disability charges brought by a transsexual person under
Title VII and the ADA against a private sector employer. _Johnson v. Fresh
Mark, Inc._, 2004 U.S. App. LEXIS 9997 (May 18, 2004).  Selena Johnson is described in the court’s opinion
as a “pre-surgical transsexual woman.” Her driver’s license indicates that she
is male.  She presented herself to Fresh
Mark, Inc., as a woman at the timed she was hired.  When the company received complaints that Johnson was using both
the men’s and women’s restrooms, the employer told her she could not return to
work without a doctor’s note indicating whether she was male or female and
whether there was any reason she should be using the restroom designated for
the opposite gender.  Johnson went to an
attorney, who sent a letter to the employer stating that she was “not entirely
male nor entirely female” and that it was most appropriate for her to use
either a women’s room or a unisex facility.
But the employer decided that the sex indicated on her driver’s license
- male - was her legal sex, and directed that she could use only the men’s
room.  She refused to return to work
under such conditions, and was discharged after three days of absence for
violating the company’s attendance policy.
In her discrimination claim, she relied heavily on the sex-stereotyping
theory of sex discrimination derived from the Supreme Court’s decision in
_Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_, 490 U.S. 228 (1989), but the district court
granted the employer’s motion to dismiss, finding that _Price Waterhouse_ was
inapplicable to the facts as pleaded in the complaint, and that the ADA
specifically excludes “transsexualism” as a disability.  The circuit court affirmed without further
explanation, referring readers to the district court’s opinion, where the
reasons for judgement are “fully articulated.” Of course, the district court’s
opinion is unpublished and could not be found on either Westlaw or Lexis.
_Federal - California_ - The
National Center for Lesbian Rights reports that U.S. District Judge Phyllis
Hamilton (N.D.Cal.) ruled May 3 in a case filed by NCLR that Adoption.com, a
website that facilitates adoptions, is subject to the jurisdiction of
California law.  NCLR filed suit on behalf
of a same-sex couples from San Jose, Rich and Michael Butler, who were rebuffed
by Adoption.com when they sought to use the service to locate a potential
adoptive child.  A spokesperson for the
company stated that Adoption.com does not allow gay and lesbian couples to use
their services.  The plaintiffs argue
that this violates California law, forbidding businesses that provide goods and
services to the public from discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation.   In rejecting the
defendants’ motion to dismiss the case, Judge Hamilton wrote, “Here, the
burdens posed on defendants - allowing same sex couples to be listed on their
websites - do not clearly exceed the benefits, which include providing
prospective birth mothers with a greater number of potential adoptive parents
from which to choose, possibly leading to a greater likelihood that children
will be placed in a stable home.”
Trial on the merits is yet to be held in _Butler v. Adoption.com_.
_Federal - Florida_ - The
National Center for Lesbian Rights and Equality Florida have announced a
settlement in _Youngblood v. Hillsborough County School Board_, a case that
stemmed from the school’s refusal to allow Nikki Youngblood, then a senior at
Robinson High School, to depart from the “dress code” prescribed from the girls
in their yearbook portraits.  The strict
code said that the boys would wire jackets and ties, and the girls would wear
an ultra-feminine scoop neck drape.
Nikki preferred to wear a formal shirt and jacket, not the stereotypical
feminine garb, and her insistence led to her being excluded from the
yearbook.  A federal district judge
dismissed the case, which was appealed to the 11th Circuit. The
Circuit ordered mediation, which at first proved unsuccessful, so the case was
restored to the argument calendar and argued before the court.  After the argument, the parties agreed to
try mediation again, and this time reached a settlement, so the 11th
Circuit will not be issuing an opinion.
Under the settlement, the school will henceforth allow deviations from
the strict dress code for senior portraits in the yearbook.  NCLR staff attorney Karen Doering, who is
also a legal consultant for Equality Florida and who represented Youngblood,
expressed satisfaction that in future school officials “will be more reluctant
to create such dress codes” and that students like Nikki “will now have a clear
remedy.”   NLCR/Equality Florida Press
Release, May 7, 2004.
_Federal - New York_ - U.S.
District Judge Constance Baker Motley granted summary judgment to Deutsche
Bank, disposing of claims of race and sex discrimination and retaliation by
Farouk Soliman, an Egyptian-American who claimed his gay white male supervisor
was subjecting him to sexual harassment. _Soliman v. Deutsche Bank_, 2004 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 9087 (S.D.N.Y., May 20, 2004).
Soliman was discharged when the Bank determined that his intimate
relationship with a female subordinate was in violation of Bank policies.  Soliman claimed that he had been set up
because he had rejected sexual advances from his male supervisor and had protested
about the hostile environment created by the supervisor to other bank
officials.  In reviewing the factual
allegations of both parties, Judge Motley found that Soliman’s case was based
on stray remarks and ambiguous statements and actions that a jury was unlikely
to find would constitute the kind of pervasive mistreatment characteristic of a
sexual harassment case.  She also found
that Soliman’s attempt to make out a race discrimination case by comparing his situation
to other bank employees engaged in romantic relationships was unavailing, given
factual distinctions – most significantly, that Soliman’s relationship was with
somebody over whom he had an on-going supervisory relationship, which the bank
found had been abused when he offered to let his girlfriend revise her written
work evaluation before it was submitted to upper management.  The relationship was first discovered when
auditors questioned certain taxi expenses involving the two employees.  Soliman’s allegations regarding his
supervisor suggest that Soliman felt uncomfortable working with an openly gay
man who was somewhat physically demonstrative and a bit intrusive in dealing
with a handsome male subordinate, but Judge Motley found that his description
of the supervisor’s conduct did not cross the line into harassment.
_Federal - Pennsylvania_ -
Senior U.S. District Judge Herbert Hutton ruled that Sandra L. Knight, a
lesbian employee of the National Park Service, should by allowed to pursue sex,
disability and retaliation claims against her employer, arising from incidents
while she was working at National Historic Park in Philadelphia, the site of
Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. _Knight v. Norton_, 2004 WL 1146657
(E.D.Pa., May 19, 2004).  Hutton ran
into problems when the Office of Personnel Management, which was reviewing her
background check questionnaire, decided that she had not been truthful with
respect to some of the questions.
Hutten ended up suffering various consequences to her career without
being given any opportunity to respond, which she believed stemmed from her
race, sexual orientation, and disability (she suffered from some debilitating
conditions, in part due to injuries suffered while serving in the Navy).  She adduced testimony showing some
anti-lesbian prejudice, including a comment by a supervisor, referring to her,
that “If you let one in, it opens the door for a dozen more.” Although Judge
Hutton concluded that the factual allegations failed to support a race
discrimination charge, he denied the government’s motion for summary judgment
on the other charges, finding that there were material factual issues as to
each, and that Knight had alleged the requisite elements of a prima facie case.
A.S.L.
State Civil Litigation Notes
_California_ - In _Martin v. Los
Angeles Unified School District_, 2004 WL 928182 (Cal. Ct. App., 2nd
District, April 30, 2004) (unpublished disposition), the court held that in a
hostile environment sexual harassment case brought by a male employee based on
the actions of a male supervisor, it was not necessary for the plaintiff to
prove that the supervisor was gay, and the lower court erred by dismissing his
claim based, in part, on the lack of evidence about the supervisor’s sexual
orientation.  Referring to the
supervisor, Judge Aldrich wrote for the court: “Whether Burke was homosexual is
irrelevant. ‘A cause of action for sexual harassment in violation of the FEHA
may be stated by a member of the same sex as the harasser, whether based on the
quid pro quo theory or the hostile environment theory or a hybrid of both
theories.’ . . . The Mogilevsky Court rejected the argument that allowing a
cause of action under the FEHA for same gender sexual harassment would ‘make an
inquiry into the sexual orientation of the male supervisor an absolute
necessity.’ . . . The court explained, ‘the focus of a cause of action brought
pursuant to the FEHA is whether the victim has been subjected to sexual
harassment, not what motivated the harasser.’
Given that the harasser’s motivation is irrelevant, the lack of evidence
of Burke’s sexual orientation cannot serve as a ground for granting summary
judgment here.” The appeals court also disagreed with L.A. Superior Court Judge
Malcolm H. Mackey about whether Martin had alleged sufficiently severe and pervasive
harassing conduct to state a claim, finding that a reasonable jury could have
ruled in his favor.  However, the court
did uphold summary judgment on some of Martin’s claims against the school
district as distinct from claims against supervisor Burke, finding that he had
not been discharged in violation of the FEHA, although his retaliation claim
with respect to job assignments and promotion might have merit.
_New York_ - A panel of the N.Y.
Appellate Division, 2nd Dept., ruled on May 10 in _Bantum v.
American Stock Exchange_, 2004 WL 1067575, that a stock broker’s attempt to
assert a racial and sexual harassment discrimination claim against another
broker under the New York State and City Human Rights Laws is preempted by the
federal laws regulating the operation of the securities markets.   The court found that when Congress
established the Securities and Exchange Commission to enforce the Securities
Exchange Act, it intended to confer upon the Commission the sole jurisdiction
to oversee the operation of the self-regulating securities exchanges.  The court noted that the American Stock
Exchange, to which Ms. Bantum originally brought her complaint, had instituted
an investigation, but Bantum complained that the Exchange and its officers had
aided and abetted the other broker’s sexual harassment and encouraged
retaliatory conduct from other members of the AMEX by failing to conduct a
proper and thorough investigation.  Too
bad, said the court, since the state courts have no jurisdiction to entertain
Bantum’s suit under state or local law.
_Oregon_ - In _Kerr v.
Bradbury_, 2004 WL 955830 (Ct. App. Ore., May 5, 2004), the court found that a
proposed ballot question intended to establish that “sexual orientation shall
not be taught in Oregon public schools in a manner that would express approval
of, promote or endorse the behaviors of homosexuality or bisexuality” was
defective in that it did not include the text of the state’s education statutes
as they would read if the proposed amendments were approved by the voters.  The court found that state law requires that
proposed changes to existing laws be presented to the voters in the appropriate
context so they can properly determine whether they want to approve the effect
that the question would have on overall law.
The opinion for the court by Presiding Justice Landau presents a lengthy
history of the Oregon referendum and initiative process that could provide
useful reading for anybody seeking to change or preserve existing Oregon law
through that process.
_Pennsylvania_ - Sitting en
banc, the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania has reversed a decision of the
Workers’ Compensation Appeal Board and denied benefits to a miner who claimed
to have suffered severe psychic injury as a result of unwanted homosexual harassment
from a co-worker. _RAG (Cyprus) Emerald Resources, L.P. v. Workers’
Compensation Appeal Board (Hopton)_, 2004 Pa. Commw. LEXIS 404 (May 25,
2004).  Ron Hopton is a Vietnam War
veteran who claims to have been subject in the service to unwanted sexual
attentions from a superior officer that contributed to the post-traumatic
stress disorder he suffered after leaving the service.  While later working as a miner, he
experienced three incidents of “homosexual harassment” at the hands of a
co-worker, which led him to suffer severe distress.  The Workers Compensation Judge who heard the testimony concluded
that Hopton made out a good case, finding that the incidents “were not normal
joking or merely uncivil behavior but were a course of conduct persisted in and
clearly calculated to cause severe emotional distress on the part of the
claimant and Mr. Rossi was successful in doing this.” Under Pennsylvania law, a
workers comp claim based solely on emotional distress has to be predicated on
abnormal working conditions, which the Judge found to be present, as did the
Appeal Board.  But the Commonwealth
Court disagreed, in an opinion by Judge Bernard L. McGinley, which emphasized
the “rough and tumble” nature of the mines. Two of the judges dissented,
rejecting the proposition that such harassment could or should be considered
“normal,” and criticizing the majority for substituting its findings and
judgments for the hearing judge and expert appeal board.  A.S.L.
2nd Circuit: “White
Jewish Gay Male” State Employee Set Forth Discrimination Claim on Which Relief
Could Be Granted; Summary Judgment for Supervisors and DMV Overturned
An
administrative law judge in the Ha rlem office of the New York State Department
of Motor Vehicles, described by the court as “a white, Jewish gay male,”
presented a prima facie case of illegal employment discrimination, so
defendant-employers, supervisors, and the DMV should not have been granted
summary judgment, according to a decision by the U.S. Court of appeals for the
2nd Circuit. _Feingold v. State of New York_, 2004 WL 916629 (April
30, 2004).  The decision of a
three-judge panel is attributed to Judge Fred I. Parker, who died on August 12,
2003, and had completed a substantial portion of the opinion before his death;
it is issued “in his memory.”
Although
Larry Feingold alleged discrimination based on race, religion, and sexual
orientation, the court stated no opinion on his likelihood of success on the
merits of the sexual orientation claims. The court’s focus is on the blatant
anti-Jewish discrimination, and the less-blatant anti-white discrimination,
alleged in the complaint.  Nonetheless,
the court mentions the sexual orientation of all parties in the suit, if it is
known.  For example, some of the
defendants were: “Judge Kathleen Sullivan, a white, Christian, heterosexual
female,” “Sharon Lee-Sang, a black, Christian, heterosexual female; Fernando
Tapia, a black, Christian, heterosexual male; Evelyn Waltrous, a black,
Christian, heterosexual female”, and Phyllis Isaacs, “a black, Christian,
heterosexual female.”
Blatant
anti-Jewish behaviors included referring to Feingold by other Jewish-sounding
names, such as Feinstein, Goldman, Silverman, and Feinberg, in a negative tone.
Unfavorable remarks about Jewish people were common, and Christian prayer
circles were a regular feature of the office.
Racial discrimination was evidenced by allegedly divergent treatment
given to black and white ALJs: lighter workloads for blacks, better training
for blacks, more leniency for lateness and other infractions granted to blacks
than to whites, according to Feingold.
According to
Feingold, hostile attitudes toward homosexuals also “pervaded the office.”
Specifically, Feingold alleged that the words “fag” or “faggot” were used in
his presence at least three times, a fellow ALJ advised Feingold not to be too
“openly gay,” and another ALJ made at least three hostile references to
Feingold’s sexual orientation.  After
Feingold’s termination, he learned that a clerk referred to him as “that faggot
judge” in the public area of the office.
Feingold had
complained about his treatment to the overall supervising ALJ, Leon
Schulgasser, a “white Jewish male” who worked in the Brooklyn office.
After an
incident in which, allegedly, Feingold improperly dismissed a case, displayed
anger in the hearing room, went to the library where he caused a glass door to
break, and went back to the hearing room where he used an expletive while
continuing to display anger, Feingold was fired on June 13, 2000, based primarily
on Schulgasser’s recommendation, after discussing the matter with Feingold’s
supervisors.
The district
court found that the incident described above provided a non-discriminatory
reason for firing Feingold, that treatment by black colleagues may well have
been because they did not like him, rather than because of his race, that
anti-gay slurs were merely sporadic, and that Feingold did not show that
anti-Semitic remarks interfered with his work.
_Feingold v. State of New York_, 2002 WL 1751098 (S.D.N.Y. July 26,
2002).  Therefore, the district court
granted summary judgment to the defendants.
The appeals
court upheld some of the summary judgments on Feingold’s charges against the
state based on Eleventh Amendments grounds.
The state had not consented to being sued under 42 U.S.C. §1983, or
under the New York City’s discrimination ordinance and, therefore, could not be
sued as an entityfor damages.  However,
his allegations of civil rights violations under Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 did state causes of action for which relief could be granted. The
court of appeals, therefore, reversed the district court to allow the case to
proceed to trial
The appeals
court, in a de novo review, found significant evidence that, based on
Feingold’s race and religion, he had suffered a hostile work environment,
discriminatory workload, and wrongful termination.  Actions of his co-workers were attributed to his employer, the
DMV, because Feingold had informed his supervisors of the problems. Therefore, the
DMV was implicated in the unlawful discrimination, and could be sued under
Title VII.
The appeals
court ruled that a trier of fact could find the non-discriminatory reasons for
Feingold’s firing to be a pretext, because other ALJ’s had engaged in similar
conduct without being reprimanded, and certainly not terminated.
The appeals
court upheld claims against individual defendants under both the city and state
human rights laws, and under section 1983. Clams under the First Amendment
alleging that Feingold was the victim of retaliation for speaking up about
discriminatory conditions were also allowed to proceed to trial.
Although the
decision is not based on anti-gay discrimination, it provides guidance to
employment law litigators on the level of evidence needed to state a case that
a purported reason for discipline and termination is a mere pretext, and that
the true reason is illegally discriminatory.
_[Postscript:
Two days before this decision was handed down, Larry Feingold was convicted of
reckless endangerment for causing a gas explosion in his Stuyvesant Town
apartment. The explosion, occurring on Feb. 4, 2003, injured eight people, and
blew out the walls and windows of his apartment. Feingold, who had gone on to
become an ALJ for the city’s Environmental Control Board, was attempting
suicide after his lover left him. At trial, Feingold testified that he was not
aware that kitchen gas could cause an explosion. Justice Jeffrey Atlas, who
convicted Feingold in a non-jury trial, stated that he would have liked to
acquit Feingold because he did not show “depraved indifference,” but that he
was bound by precedent to find Feingold guilty.  Feingold will lose his law license because of this conviction.  He will be sentenced on June 30, 2004.  Source: _NYLawyer.com_.] _Alan J. Jacobs_
Illinois Appeals Court Reverses
Conviction for Oral Sex Due to Erroneous Admission of Past Crimes Evidence
The Appellate Court of Illinois
reversed the conviction and seven year jail sentence imposed on Kevin W.
Stanbridge on charges of aggravated criminal sexual abuse, finding that the
trial court improperly allowed the state to introduce evidence that a decade
prior to the events in question, Stanbridge had been involved in two incidents
of attempting to initiate oral sex with 14-year-old boys.  In the case at hand, the complaining victim
was a 14-year-old boy. _People of Illinois v. Stanbridge_, 2004 WL 1053001
(Ill. App. 4th Dist., May 4, 2004).
Writing for the court, Justice
Cook related that Stanbridge, a divorced truck driver with three children, was
friendly with Robert Eddy, the father of J.R.E., age 14.  Eddy, his wife and son had visited for
extended periods of time with Stanbridge, his wife and children when Stanbridge
was still married.  On Friday, November
26, 1999, Stanbridge invited Eddy and his son to come to Stanbridge’s house for
a barbecue.  Later that evening,
Stanbridge, Eddy, J.R.E., and an adult friend of Stanbridge were sitting in
Stanbridge’s living room, watching a movie.
Eddy went to sleep in another room.
When J.R.E. began to fall asleep, Stanbridge dragged him into
Stanbridge’s bedroom, had him get undressed and get into bed.  J.R.E. claims that he awoke during the night
“to the feeling of defendant rubbing his crotch.” J.R.E. testified that he told
Stanbridge to stop and “elbowed him in the head.” Stanbridge desisted and
J.R.E. drifted back to sleep, but he testified that he awake later with
Stanbridge “performing oral sex on him.” Stanbridge consistently denied that he
had any sexual contact with J.R.E.
Prior to the trial before Adams
County Circuit Judge Mark Schuering, Stanbridge moved to exclude any evidence
of prior incidents, dating from 1981, 1987, and 1989, when he was alleged to
have attempted to initiate oral sex with 14-year-old boys; one of those
incidents had actually led to his conviction of criminal sexual abuse.   Schuering found that there was significant
risk of prejudice and granted Stanbridge’s motion.  When the trial began, the state filed its own motion seeking to
bar Stanbridge from introducing any evidence “in support of his assertion that
he is heterosexual”; the motion stemmed from Stanbridge’s statement to a police
investigator that he was not a homosexual and was not sexually interested in
little boys.  The court denied the
state’s motion, but cautioned the defense attorney against “opening the door”
to this topic.  When defense counsel
stated during his opening statement that Stanbridge was a veteran and father of
three children, and that during the time he had known the Eddy family (the late
1990s) there were “no similar allegations” against him, the state moved to
reconsider the rulings on its motions, and the trial judge ruled that the “door
had been opened.”
During the trial, the state
presented testimony from two young men, recounting the incidents from a decade
earlier when they were each 14.
According to the opinion by Justice Cook, this was dramatic testimony,
upon which the prosecutor built in the closing argument to characterize
Stanbridge as a “predator of teenage boys to put it bluntly.” The closing
argument dwelt on similarities between the old incidents and the conduct
charged in the case.  On appeal,
Stanbridge, who maintained his innocence of J.R.E.’s charges, asserted that
this testimony and argument should not have been allowed.
Reversing his conviction, the
appellate panel voted 2-1 in favor of Stanbridge’s argument.  The court found that this kind of testimony
would be admissible in a case where the identity of the perpetrator was in question,
or where the defendant admitted to particular conduct but tried to put an
innocent “spin” on it, but that it was improper in this case to suggest to the
jury that because Stanbridge had acted in a certain way in the late 1980s, he
was likely to have acted the same way a decade later.  Such “propensity” testimony, and the closing argument built upon
it, was held by the court to be improper in these circumstances.
The court also rejected the idea
that the defense counsel’s opening statement had “opened the door” such that
the state should be able to introduce this evidence as a corrective. “Contrary
to the State’s assertions,” wrote Cook, “defense counsel did not ‘cross the
line’ to create an impression of a blemish-free life.  In addition, given that the State’s own opening statement had
already alluded several times to defendant’s children, and fact that defense
counsel described defendant as a father is unremarkable.  Nor should counsel’s comment that defendant
was a veteran have been used to allow the State to introduce inadmissible
evidence.” The court refrained from passing on defendant’s further argument
that the issue of sexual orientation was irrelevant because studies show that
“heterosexuals are just as likely as homosexuals to abuse children sexually.” The
court also found that defense counsel’s opening statement about “no similar
allegations” was merely a way of characterizing the nature of the relationship
between Stanhope and the Eddy family, and “was not an attempt to portray
defendant as having an unblemished past.” Illinois courts have established that
such an attempt would justify admitting prejudicial evidence of older crimes.
The court concluded that “the
crux of this case is who should be believed about what happened in defendant’s
bedroom.  Where the determination of a
defendant’s guilt or innocence depends on the credibility of the defendant and
the accuser, error is particularly likely to be prejudicial” and that it was
likely so in this case, requiring a retrial.
The dissenting judge asserted that the Illinois precedents supported the
trial court’s ruling, and would have affirmed the jury’s verdict.  A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_New York_ - Truth is stranger
than fiction.  In an opinion reminiscent
in some respects of _Silence of the Lambs_, a unanimous four-judge panel of the
N.Y. Appellate Division, 3rd Department, upheld the continued
confinement in a non-secure psychiatric facility of “Richard S.,” who was
convicted of manslaughter in the second degree upon pleading guilty in 1978 to
killing a male sex partner, who had been charged with stabbing a 15-year-old
boy during a sexual encounter in 1980 (to which he pled not guilty by reason of
mental disease or defect), and who had been convicted in another murder of a
male sex partner in 1979, the conviction having been reversed on appeal due to
evidentiary problems. _In the Matter of Richard S._, 2004 WL 907961 (April 29,
2004).  According to the psychiatric
testimony recounted by Justice Robert S. Rose, Richard is afflicted with sexual
sadism, a condition which he does not acknowledge and for which he refuses
treatment.  The state’s experts
testified that Richard was adept at presenting himself as charming and
reasonable, thus explaining testimony in support of his release from some who have
come in contact with him in the state institutions to which he has been
confined, but at times he has lashed out in a violent manner.  In 1997, a licensed psychologist prepared a
report relating that Richard was “having sadistic fantasies during masturbation
six or seven times each day, reaching orgasm only when he visualized stabbing
his bound male victim to death.” One expert witness testified that, “if
released, respondent would present a risk of harm to those in the homosexual
sadomasochistic subculture,” especially if he resumed past patterns of
substance abuse which seemed to fuel the actualization of his fantasies.   The court found the cumulative expert
testimony to strongly support the County Court’s refusal to authorize release,
contrary to Richard’s argument that he no longer presented any risk to
society.  Richard S. has been confined
in state institutions for the past twenty-two years under a series of retention
orders upon completion of his initial six-month period of confinement after the
earliest guilty plea.
_Ohio_ - In an opinion issued on
May 20, the Court of Appeals of Ohio, 8th Appellate District,
affirmed a finding by the Common Pleas Court in Cuyahoga County that Francois
Budreaux is a “sexual predator” who should remain confined under the sentence
of ten to twenty-five years that was imposed on April 7, 1992. _State of Ohio
v. Budreaux_, 2004 Ohio App. LEXIS 2263.
According to the summary of the record by Judge Anthony O. Calabrese,
Jr., Budreaux pled guilty to one rape count of a multi-count indictment that
included charges of rape, attempted rape, kidnapping, and furnishing drugs to a
minor.  His alleged modus operandus,
according to the state’s argument at his sexual predator hearing, was that he
“1) lured college-aged males to his apartment by disguising his voice as that
of a woman, drugged and raped them; 2) was a fugitive from justice for a period
of six years following his indictment; 3) pled guilty to the rape count and
that a second ten-count indictment was nolled; and 3) used over 30 aliases.” He
was nearing the tenth anniversary of his imprisonment when the state’s
Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections recommended a sexual predator
hearing, apparently preparatory to determining to keep him incarcerated past
the point when somebody with his sentence might normally be released on
parole.  At the hearing, Budreaux’s
attorney charged that “the only reason the State wants Mr. Budreaux declared as
a sexual predator is because they know him and in his history to be a male prostitute
and for him to be a homosexual,” and the attorney also stated, “I would just
ask the Court to please not rely on the fact that the State is insisting
because of his homosexuality he should be a sexual predator.” Judge Calabrese
asserted that these allegations were “wholly unsubstantiated,
counterproductive, and insulting,” and noted that the hearing judge had
specifically asserted that Budreaux’s sexual orientation was irrelevant, the
case turning on expert psychiatric testimony concerning the likelihood of
Budreaux re-offending in the manner charged in the indictment.  A.S.L.
Electoral Notes
_New Mexico_ - Anti-gay forces
seeking to put an initiative on the ballot to repeal the state’s law banning
sexual orientation discrimination suffered a setback when Attorney General
Patricia Madrid issued an opinion that this issue is not subject to referendum
vote.  The state constitution
specifically excepts from the referendum process “laws providing for the preservation
of the public peace, health or safety.” Madrid took the position that the
state’s civil rights law, which includes the sexual orientation provision,
falls within those categories.  A
spokesperson for the anti-gay group that was circulating petitions said they
would continue to collect signatures, anticipating a lawsuit challenging the
A.G.’s opinion. _Albuquerque Journal_, May 15.
_Ohio - Cincinnati_ - The
_Cincinnati Post_ reported on May 1 that Citizens to Restore Fairness has
collected enough signatures to place on the November ballot a question to
repeal Article XII of the City Charter, a measure passed by referendum a decade
ago that bars city officials from enacting or enforcing any measure that gives
“minority or protected status, quota preference or other preferential
treatment” to homosexuals or bisexuals.
The measure had been held unconstitutional by a federal district judge,
but was revived by the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals, even in the
face of a remand from the Supreme Court for reconsideration in light of _Romer
v. Evans_ (1996). A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_Federal_ - The Servicemembers
Legal Defense Network reports that the FY2005 Defense Authorization Bill may
include language intended to trump campus resistance to military recruiters by
strengthening the requirements of the so-called Solomon Amendment, a provision
in prior Defense spending bills that threatens loss of various kinds of federal
funds for educational institutions that bar military recruiters.  According to an SLDN bulletin of May 13, the
bill includes language requiring that colleges and universities grant military
recruiters access ‘in a manner that is at least equal in quality and scope to
the degree of access to campuses and to students that is provided to any other
employer.’  SLDN has opposed the measure
on the grounds that military access is being achieved under Solomon and these
more demanding rules are not required.
Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-Mass) proposed an amendment that would exempt
student aid money from the federal funds subject to these requirements, similar
to a measure that was included in prior Defense spending bills through the
efforts of Reps. Barney Frank and Tom Campbell.
_California_ - The California
state assembly voted 48-32, strictly along party lines, to approve AB 2900 on
May 17.  This bill would standardize
over thirty labor and employment discrimination provisions in California law to
create consistency with the procedures and remedies of the Fair Employment and
Housing Act.  Among the statutes to be
rationalized and integrated into California civil rights law is the ban on
sexual orientation, which had been enacted separately and presented differences
in enforcement from the more “traditional” civil rights laws.  The bill now goes to the State Senate.
_Equality California_ press announcement, May 18. * * * On May 25, the
California Senate voted 22-10 in favor of S.B. 1234, only-lesbian legislator
Sheila Kuehl’s proposed Omnibus Hate Crimes Act of 2004, which would
consolidate state laws to create a unified definition of a hate crime.
_Equality California_ press release, May 25.
_California - Los Altos_ - The
Los Altos High School Gay Straight Alliance asked the local city council to
issue a gay pride day proclamation to coincide with their planned gay pride
picnic on June 7.  Mayor John Moss
encouraged them to submit the proposal. But at the council meeting, a
counter-proposal to declare a “tolerance day” was passed instead.  The Mayor said he changed his position on
this issue when he saw religious conservatives in the audience at the council
meeting and thought that they would be “upset” by the students’ proposal.  The incoming president of the high school
group said they would attempt to get a “gay pride” resolution again next year.  A member of the student group expressed
disappointment at the council’s action.
Said Alison Tarbell, 18, “Tolerance implies putting up with - not
accepting.  It’s just not what we
wanted.” The only councilman who stated a preference for the students’
proposal, Curtis Cole, said that tolerance did not capture what the students
wanted. “I think it lacked the same amount of courage high schoolers were
expressing,” he said. _San Jose Mercury News_, May 23, 2004.
_Hawaii_ - A bill to ban sexual
orientation discrimination in housing died in the state Senate, even though
each house of the legislature had separately approved such a measure, according
to a May 5 report in the _Honolulu Star-Bulletin_.  The Hawaii Christian Coalition lobbied hard to have a religious
exemption included in the bill, which was strongly opposed by the Gay and
Lesbian Education and Advocacy Foundation.
In the end, each house included a somewhat differently worded religious
exemption, and compromise between them proved impossible to obtain.
_Kansas_ - On May 4, the Kansas
House of Representatives fell one vote short of the two-thirds majority
necessary to approve a proposed state constitutional amendment that would
define marriage in the state as only involving one man and one woman.  The measure had previously been approved by
the Senate.  It is one of the broader
proposals that would also ban any of the legal benefits associated with
marriage from being conferred through domestic partnerships or civil
unions.  The House vote was 79-45, the
Senate vote 88-36. _Associated Press_, May 4.
_Oklahoma_ - Reacting to an
opinion by Attorney General Drew Edmondson that Oklahoma would be required by
Full Faith and Credit obligations imposed by the federal constitution to
recognize the validity of a court-approved adoption of an Oklahoma-born child
by a same-sex couple in another state, for purposes of responding to a request
for an amended birth certificate showing the names of the adoptive parents, the
legislature passed and Governor Brad Henry signed into law on May 3 an
amendment to the state adoption law overruling Edmondson’s opinion.  The measure amends Ok. Stat. Title 10, sec.
7502-1.4, a provision that otherwise requires Oklahoma courts to recognize
adoption decrees of foreign courts, to provide: “Except that, this state, any
of its agencies, or any court of this state shall not recognize an adoption by
more than one individual of the same sex from any other state or foreign
jurisdiction.” Thus, if an Oklahoma-born child is adopted by a same-sex couple
out-of-state, Oklahoma will only issue a revised birth certificate listing one
of the adoptive parents. _Associated Press_, May 4.  The state Senate’s Republican leader, James Williamson of Tulsa,
explained, “I believe it is important to affirm the voice of the majority of
Oklahomans who don’t feel like homosexual couples should be recognized as
adoptive parents of children.” Williamson is also chief sponsor of the proposal
that will be on the ballot in November to amend the state constitution to ban
marriages of same-sex partners. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
_North Carolina_ - The state
Republican Party rejected a request by Log Cabin Republicans to have a booth at
the party’s state convention on the weekend of May 22-23.  According to state GOP Chairman Ferrell
Blount, upon receiving the application for the booth, he visited Log Cabin’s
website, noted that they were critical of President Bush and took positions on
gay issues opposed to those favored by the state GOP leadership, and concluded
that letting the group have such a presence at the state convention would be
inappropriate. “It is diametrically opposed to the values of the North Carolina
Republican Party,” said Blount.
_Charlotte Observer_, May 20.
_Texas - Lago Vista_ - After
People for the American Way sent a letter on behalf of Sherrell Ingram, a Lago
Vista high school junior whose attempt to buy tickets to the prom for herself
and a girlfriend were turned down, the school district decided to suspend its
prom attendance guidelines for the remainder of the year “until the district has
an opportunity to further evaluate its role in the sponsorship of school social
activities,” according to a letter by the district’s lawyer that appeared in
the _Austin American-Statesman_ on May 8.
In its letter to the district, PFAW maintained that a policy of refusing
to sell prom tickets to same-sex couples violated the school’s obligations
under federal funding laws to avoid sex discrimination, and also raised
constitutional equal protection issues. __Fort Worth Star-Telegram_, May 9.
_Presbyterian Church (USA)_ -
The permanent judicial commission of the Presbyterian Church (USA) with
jurisdiction over congregations in Ohio and Michigan ruled 6-4 that the
denomination’s constitution does not forbid ministers from performing marriage
ceremonies for same-sex couples.  The
ruling released on May 3 reverses Rev. Stephen Van Kuiken’s conviction by a
lower church court, who performed such a ceremony as pastor of the Mt. Auburn
Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati.  He
was removed as pastor when charges were filed against him.  He was the first Presbyterian pastor to be
tried on charges of performing weddings for same-sex couples.  Van Kuiken was described in news reports as
a married heterosexual.  He has decided
to resign from the church despite this ruling, in order to become pastor of a
non-denominational, gay affirming church called The Gathering, made up largely
of former Mt. Auburn congregants who decided to leave the church over his
dismissal. _Associated Press_, May 3.
_United Methodist Church_ - The
Judicial Council of the United Methodist Church, meeting in Pittsburgh during
the church’s general convention, ruled by a 6-3 vote that homosexuality is
incompatible with Christian teaching, and that a violation of church law could
be cause for removal from church office.
The General Convention voted 551-345 to direct the Judicial Council to
review the case of Rev. Karen Dammann, a lesbian, who was acquitted in March by
a jury of 13 pastors in Bothell, Washington, on charges of violation of church
law.  Pending the vote in her case, Rev.
Dammann had been suspended from active ministry in the church. _Associated
Press_, May 2.
_South Dakota_ - Tom Murphy, 48,
a retired military veteran presently serving as a member of the Rapid City City
Council, has informed his constituents through the local press that he is
beginning the process of transitioning to the female gender, and will be known
as Marla.  Murphy says that he knew from
the age of 18 that he wanted to change his sex, but kept it secret through a 22
year Air Force career, much of it served at Ellsworth Air Force Base near Rapid
City.  He was appointed to a vacancy on
the Council in 2000, and won election in 2001 and 2003.  Murphy decided to “come out” about his
sexuality after becoming embroiled in the effort to stave off an anti-gay
marriage amendment in the current session of the state legislature.  He testified at a hearing on the bill and
wrote letters to the editor.  When
another letter published in the local paper expressed hatred of gay people,
Murphy decided to go public.  Murphy is
just starting the process of gender reassignment, which will involve hormone
therapy and a period of at least a year of living as a woman before surgery can
be performed.  He said that for now he
will continue to dress in shirt and pants for City Council meetings, but will
start dressing increasingly as a woman in his private life.  Since coming out in print, Murphy indicated
that he has heard mainly supportive comments from friends and neighbors in
Rapid City. _Associated Press_, May 4. A.S.L.
U.K.’s Highest Court Rules
Police Refusal to Hire Transsexual Was Sex Discrimination
On May 6, in _A. v. Chief
Constable of West Yorkshire Police_, a 5-judge panel of  the United Kingdom’s highest court (the
judicial committee of the House of Lords) held unanimously that the refusal of
a police force to hire a transsexual woman was contrary to the Sex
Discrimination Act 1975.
The police force refused to hire
A. in March 1998 because she could not perform the full searching duties of a
police constable.  Under the Police and
Criminal Evidence Act 1984, certain searches could only be performed by a
police constable of the same sex as that of the person being searched.  Under U.K. law, A. was then, and still is
(until the pending Gender Recognition Bill is passed and she takes the
appropriate steps to have her acquired gender recognized), legally male.  Legally, she could not search a
non-transsexual woman.  Practically, she
could not search a non-transsexual man, who could reasonably object to the
search, in the opinion of the chief constable.
Although the police force could have exempted her from searches governed
by the 1984 Act, this would eventually have required disclosing her transsexual
history to her co-workers, which she appeared not to want.  The police force therefore concluded that it
was a genuine occupational qualification that she be able to search either men
or women, and that they could refuse to employ her without violating the 1975
Act.  (Lord Bingham suggested that, but
for European Community law, this defense would have succeeded.)
The reasoning of Baroness Hale
of Richmond (who was appointed the first Law Lady in 2003, joining 11 male Law
Lords) was supported by three other judges.
She held that both the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 and the Police and
Criminal Evidence Act 1984 must be interpreted in light of the European
Community’s Council Directive 76/207/EEC, adopted in 1976.  The Directive prohibits sex discrimination
in all aspects of employment other than pay, and was interpreted by the
Luxembourg-based European Court of Justice in _P. v. S. & Cornwall County
Council_ in 1996 as prohibiting a dismissal for a reason related to a gender
reassignment.  Baroness Hale concluded
that the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 “must be interpreted as applying
to [A.] in her reassigned gender,” because there existed no “strong public
policy reasons to the contrary.”  This
meant that, being legally female in relation to employment (but not marriage),
A. could legally search non-transsexual women, and therefore the genuine
occupational qualification exception could not be used to exclude her.  Baroness Hale’s reasoning included one
troubling piece of obiter dicta that could be cited in cases involving lesbian
and gay employees or job applicants.
She observed that “it may well be rational to object to being nursed by
a heterosexual person of the opposite sex. It may also be rational to object to
being nursed by a homosexual person of the same sex. But it would not be
rational to object on similar grounds to being nursed by a trans person of the
same sex.”
The fifth judge, Lord Rodgers of
Earlsferry, agreed that there had been sex discrimination, but on the basis
that, although A. could not legally or practically perform searches, she could
have been exempted from searches and could not have objected to her transsexual
history being disclosed to co-workers.
He said that: “[S]he cannot insist that she be employed in such a way
that her transsexuality will be kept confidential in all circumstances, any
more than a homosexual or dyslexic officer is entitled to insist that he be
employed in such a way that his homosexuality or dyslexia is kept confidential
in all circumstances.”  If A. had
insisted on non-disclosure after being offered the possibility of exemption
from performing searches, the police force would have been justified in
refusing to employ her.   But during
these proceedings A. indicated that disclosure of her identity to colleagues on
the force as needed would not be offensive to her. _Robert Wintemute_
Other International Notes
_International Olympic
Committee_ - The International Olympic Committee (IOP) has announced that
beginning with the upcoming summer games in Athens, transsexual athletes who
have completed two years of post-operate hormone therapy will be treated by the
IOC as members of their acquired gender, and will be allowed to compete in that
gender.  Thus, athletes born male who
have transitioned to female through surgery and hormone treatment will be
allowed to compete as women in the women’s events. _Associated Press_, May 17.
_Australia_ - The national
parliament is faced with contradictory proposals on same-sex marriage.  MP Michael Organ, a member of the Green
Party, introduced a private member’s Bill on May 24 that would remove barriers
to marriage between same-sex partners, allow such couples to adopt children and
afford access to IVF treatment, employment and health benefits.  By contrast, the government of Prime
Minister John Howard, a conservative opponent of marriage for same-sex
partners, announced on May 25 that it would propose amendments to the Marriage
Law to specify that a lawful marriage in Australia could only be performed
between a man and a woman.  Howard
asserted the necessity of doing this because three cases are now pending of
same-sex couples seeking recognition in the Family Court for marriages they
contracted in Canada.  Up to now, the
Marriage Law did not address the question, under the assumption that the common
law understanding of marriage as a strictly heterosexual institution would
govern its interpretation.  Tasmanian
Liberal Senator Guy Barnett, leader of a group of 30 MP’s in the governing
coalition who had been agitating for the amendment, argued that it was essential
to reserve to Australia’s own political process the determination of who should
marry, and not cede it to Canada or other places that might authorize such
marriages.  Gay rights groups criticized
the move as electioneering, with Democrat Senator Brian Greig, who is openly
gay, accusing Howard of “aping the reactionary politics of President Bush.”
_Brisbane Courier Mail_, May 26.
_Australia_ - A former
Australian diplomatic employee, William Stuart Brown, committed suicide in a
jail in Bali after being sentenced to 13 years in prison on charges of active
pedophilia.  Australia’s Foreign
Minister, Alexander Downer, told the press that Brown had been dismissed from
the diplomatic service because of his “‘in-your-face’ homosexuality”, and that
he had been suspected of being a “child molester.” Brown had worked at the
Australian embasssy in Jakarta from 1982 to 1984, and had moved to Indonesia
from Canberra eight years ago.  The
sentence imposed by the court was far longer than that recommended by the prosecution.  Downer stated in a radio interview that
while employed in the diplomatic service, Brown’s behavior was “a matter of
some substantial embarrassment to the Australian embassy,” and expressed
approval of Brown’s conviction.  While
characterizing the long sentence as “savage,” Downer said that it was “not an
unreasonable penalty.” _Australian Associated Press General News_, May 12.
_Australia_ - In an interesting
contrast with recent UK litigation reported above, the Police Academy in
Victoria has boasted to the media about being the first in Australia, and
probably the world, to recruit successfully a transsexual to become a police
officer.  The recruit, a male to female
individual who is still in the transition process, prefers not to be identified
publicly.  Administrative arrangements
about use of shower and toilet facilities are still to be worked out.  Paul Evans, Assistant Commissioner of the
Victoria Police Education Department, told ANSA English News Service (May 9)
that the force does not discriminate on the basis of gender or sexuality, and
that “A person’s gender or sexuality is a personal matter.”
_Canada_ - The fate of a
proposed national law opening up marriage to same-sex couples may hang in the
balance on June 28, the date that has been set for national parliamentary
elections.  Prime Minister Paul Martin
called the general election, even though one was theoretically not necessary
for another year, in order to get his own electoral mandate, having been
elevated to the office by vote of his party when the previous prime minister
stepped down early.  The Liberal Party
has controlled the parliament for many years, but now faces a coalition of
conservative groups in a newly-invigorated Conservative Party.  The Liberals are officially committed to
legislating for opening up marriage to same-sex partners on a national basis,
although Martin is not so committed to this as was his predecessor, Jean
Chretien.  At present, marriages are
available in three provinces due to rulings by the highest provincial appeals
courts.  The Chretien government had
decided not to appeal any of these rulings to the national Supreme Court,
instead certifying to that court some questions concerning a proposed federal
marriage bill.  After assuming office,
Martin amended the questions to add one inquiring about whether civil unions in
place of marriage would accord with the equality requirements of Canadian
constitutional law, signaling the possibility that the Liberals will draw back
from legislating for marriage on a national basis.  Predictions for the election are that the Liberals, in coalition
with the New Democrats, a leftist party, may be able to exercise control, but
that the Conservatives are expected to make some gains, and to make the
marriage issue an important part of their campaign.  About seventy percent of the population lives in the three
provinces where marriages are now available.
The most recent polling shows that about 43 percent of Canadians support
marriage for same-sex partners, with 47 percent opposed, but that almost 60
percent equate homophobia with racism and anti-Semitism as undesirable traits,
according to the respected Leger Marketing poll, so the Conservatives will need
to figure out a way to temper their anti-marriage campaigning to avoid the
appearance of gay-bashing. _365Gay.com_, May 24.
_Canada_ - Canada’s Immigration
and Refugee Board, struggling with a large caseload of petitions for asylum
from gay people from 75 different countries, seems to be falling back on
stereotypes in order to simplify decision-making, according to a May 4 news
report about the denial of asylum to Fernando Enrique Rivera, a gay Mexican
man.  Rivera, who from the newspaper
account appears to fit the description “straight-appearing,” whatever that
means, was turned down, according to the board member who wrote the opinion,
because he was not effeminate.
Evidently, the Board concluded that a non-effeminate gay man who is
discrete about his sexuality can survive without oppression in Mexico.  Rivera, who had lived in Puerto Vallarta
where he worked as a statistician for the police department, fled as a result
of repeated extortionate threats from police officers directed at him because
he was gay.  According to a detailed
article about the case published in the _Globe and Mail_, it seems that making
asylum decisions for gay Mexicans is no easy task.  The Mexican government has taken a more gay-friendly line in
recent years, there is evidence that anti-gay bias is more severe in some parts
of the country than others, and non-effeminate gay men can presumably get along
just fine if they stick to some major cities.
The Board expressed the view that Mr. Rivera could live in Mexico City
and not be subjected to the kind of oppression he claims to have experienced in
his home town.  His appeal of the
Board’s ruling was rejected by the federal courts, and he faces deportation
back to Mexico, having lived in Canada for four years and finding the place
much to his liking.  In an interview,
Rivera pointed out that some gay Mexican men assume an effeminate pose when
they go for their asylum interviews in Canada, but that he did not think it was
appropriate to misrepresent himself.
(In the U.S., asylum case law recognizes the claims of effeminate gay
men from Mexico. See _Hernandez-Montiel v. Immigration and Naturalization
Service_, 225 F. 3d 1084 (9th Cir. 2000).)
_Ireland_ - The Equity Tribunal
ruled in a decision published on May 19 that the Bridge Hotel, Waterford, had
engaged in unlawful sexual orientation discrimination when Martin O’Regan, a
former employee of the hotel, was asked to leave the hotel restaurant prior to
closing time because he is gay.  The
hotel had contested the charges, claiming that Mr. O’Regan’s sexual orientation
had nothing to do with him being asked to leave, but the Tribunal was convinced
otherwise.  Reported the _Irish Times_
on May 20: “The Equality Officer concluded, on the balance of the
probabilities, that a member of staff had singled out Mr. O’Regan and had asked
him to leave and this request was because he knew the complainant was gay.”
This conduct was found to violate the Equal Status Act 2000, and drew a remedy
of 1,000 euros in damages for the humiliation and suffering Mr. O’Regan
experienced.
_Scotland_ - On May 1, a lesbian
couple appeared at the town hall in Alloa to take up the municipality’s offer
to perform non-binding marriage ceremonies for same-sex partners.  Although the partners could not sign the
marriage register, they were presented with a certificate and advised to inform
the registrar if they ended their relationship.  The women did not want their names publicized, according to Rod
Richardson, Clackmannanshire Council’s principal administrative officer. _The
Herald_, May 6.
_Slovakia_ - The BBC, monitoring
European television reports, has reported that the Slovak Parliament has
approved a law against discrimination that was submitted on behalf of the
government by Deputy Prime Minister Pal Csaky.
According to the TV report, the law bans discrimination on the basis of race,
gender, sexual orientation, religion, or ethnic origin.  However, the law was approved with the
addition of an amendment proposed by MP Muskova, which “also bans influencing
of sexual orientation that contradicts human dignity,” according to the BBC’s
somewhat ambiguous translation of the Slovak broadcast.
_United Kingdom_ - The Oxford
Union’s members have voted that after the Civil Partnership Bill is enacted,
civil partners of members should be entitled to the same life membership
privileges now accorded to legal spouses.
The changed was passed unanimously by the Union’s standing
committee.  The bill, endorsed by the
government and expected to be approved by both houses of the Parliament and
receive royal assent, will probably go into effect later in 2004. _GMAX_, May
19.
_Yemen_ - Reuters reported on
May 20 that a Yemeni court had convicted three journalists on May 18 for
publishing a report in an Arabic-language newspaper last year that included
interviews with men who had been jailed for homosexual conduct.  The journalists were found to have violated
Yemeni morals and customs by publishing such a report. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
On May 9, the _New York Times_
Sunday Magazine supplement included an article by David Garrow hailing Mary
Bonauto, a staff attorney at Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders in
Boston, as the Thurgood Marshall of the same-sex marriage movement.  Bonauto was a key participant in the legal
team in _Baker v. State_, the 1999 Vermont Supreme Court ruling holding that
same-sex partners in that state were entitled under the state constitution to
all the rights and benefits of marriage, and she was the lead counsel who
argued before the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court in the landmark 2003
ruling in _Goodridge v. State_, the first ruling on the merits by the highest
court of a state to hold that same-sex partners are entitled to get
married.  The article recounted the
history of the movement for same-sex marriage and the central role that Bonauto
and GLAD have played in the recent affirmative successes, while noting that
pending cases brought by Lambda Legal, the ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights Project,
and the National Center for Lesbian Rights seek to spread these positive legal
developments to many other jurisdictions.
The National Lesbian and Gay Law
Association has announced that D’Arcy Kemnitz, of Washington, D.C., will be the
organization’s first Executive Director.
Ms. Kemnitz has been active as a volunteer with NLGLA and with GAYLAW,
the Washington, D.C., lawyers association.
For more information about NLGLA activities and the upcoming Lavender
Law Conference, in Minneapolis on Sept. 30 through Oct. 2, 2004, please visit
the Association’s website at www.nlgla.org.
The City University of New York
School of Law awarded an honorary degree to Shannon Minter, the legal director
at the National Center for Lesbian Rights (San Francisco), in recognition of
his leadership in litigating and educating on issues of sexual minority rights.  In addition to directing the legal staff at
NCLR, he serves on the board of the Transgender Law and Policy Institute, was a
founding board member of the Transgender Law Center and was a founding board
member of the San Francisco-area Lesbian & Gay Immigration Rights Task
Force.  He is also an advisory board
member for the International Gay & Lesbian Human Rights Commission and
serves on the Legal Committee for the Harry Benjamin International Gender
Dysphoria Association, which is recognized as the professional formulator of
standards for dealing with transgender issues.
Shannon Minter is the author or co-author of numerous law journal
articles on sexual minority issues.  The
ceremony took place on May 21.
The New York County Lawyers
Association presented a public service award on May 27 to attorney Matt
Foreman, the executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task
Force.  Foreman had previously been
associated with Empire State Pride Agenda and the New York City Gay and Lesbian
Anti-Violence Project.
Lambda Legal has announced that
Alphonso David has joined its legal staff in the New York office.  David is a 2000 graduate of Temple
University Law School in Philadelphia, where he was on the school’s National
Trial Team that won the 1998 NITA Tournament of Champions.  He published a law journal note on the
_Bragdon v. Abbott_ case, and went on to clerk for U.S. District Judge Clifford
Scott Green of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and to work as corporate
counsel for Canyon at Peace Park in Malibu, California.
On May 18, Oregonians voted to
retain Rives Kistler as a Justice of their Supreme Court by a margin
approaching 3-2.  Kistler is the only
openly-gay state Supreme Court Justice in the U.S. _Oregonian_, May 19.
Know thine enemy.  When Boalt Hall Law School’s career services
office surveyed firms that interview at the school about their employment
policies regarding sexual orientation, two firms provided responses that will
put them on the banned list.  According
to the May 2004 issue of _The American Lawyer_, Pasadena’s Hahn & Hahn
responded that it attaches “significant weight” to an applicant’s sexual
orientation, and Tooze Kerr Marshall & Shenker, a Portland, Oregon, firm,
responded, “We will not employ perverts or deviants.” One suspects that the
firm’s managing partner probably graduated from law school during the McCarthy
Era, and we don’t mean Clean Gene.
On the importance of being “out”
at work: On May 19, _The Recorder_ published an article by Mike McKee titled
“Cultural Revolution: With Many Gay Lawyers on High Court’s Staff, Same-Sex
Marriage Hits Close to Home.” McKee speculated that with so many openly-gay
lawyers serving on the legal staff of the California Supreme Court, the members
of the court were likely to see the issue of same-sex marriage in very personal
terms.  McKee stated that it is “common
knowledge that the Supreme Court, the First District Court of Appeal and the
Administrative Office of the Courts - all located within the same complex -
employ a large number of gays and lesbians.
The chief justice even regularly shows up to shake hands at the yearly
dinner of the gay legal group Bay Area Lawyers for Individual Freedom.”
Although McKee reported comments by many, including a former member of the
Supreme Court, that the justices would try to put aside personal relationships
in rendering their decisions, it would be impossible for any member of the
court today to say what U.S. Supreme Court Justice Lewis Powell, who cast the
deciding vote in _Bowers v. Hardwick_, said in 1986: that he did not know any
gay people (at a time when there were gay employees, including a closeted
clerk, working in his chambers at the Supreme Court).  McKee also noted that the long lines of applicants for marriage
licenses when they were being issued in San Francisco earlier this year were
clearly visible from the court building, and that an employee of the court of
appeal was honored with a reception after her marriage to her partner.  It will be interesting to see whether this
court, six of whose seven members are Republicans, will buck the official
position of their party when the same-sex marriage case finally comes before
them. A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
7th Circuit Finds
Suspicious Timing of Suspension Not Enough to Ground ADA Discrimination Claim
The coincidence of a suspension
imposed immediately after an employee revealed he had AIDS was not in itself
enough to sustain a prima facie case of discrimination under the ADA, ruled a 7th
Circuit panel in _Buie v. Quad/Graphics, Inc._, 2004 WL 885726 (April 27,
2004), upholding a summary judgment for the employer granted by Chief Judge
Rudolph T. Randa of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Wisconsin.  Circuit Judge Daniel Manion
wrote for the appellate panel.
Struggling with ill-health due
to complications of his HIV infection, Anthony Buie compiled a poor attendance
record at Quad/Gaphics, Inc.  For
whatever reason, Buie had not chosen to reveal his HIV-status or AIDS condition
to his employer.  After having been
warned that further absences could cause his termination, he managed to go
several weeks without missing work, but then was absent against on September 24
and October 10, 1999.  On October 15,
Buie called in to his supervisor to say that he was ill and could not come to
work.  When the supervisor told him that
his job was in jeopardy, Buie revealed for the first time that he had AIDS and
that his absences were due to that.  The
supervisor then told him not to return to work.  A few days later, Buie met with the company’s employee services
manager, who was able to arrange for him to get FMLA leave time for some of the
absences, but ultimately a corporate vice president determined that his leave
would be considered a disciplinary suspension for excessive absenteeism, and
when Buie resumed regular work, he was warned and agreed that any disciplinary
infraction could cause his discharge.
Subsequently, Buie got into a confrontational situation with a
supervisor, and subsequently was found to have threatened a co-worker who had
corroborated the supervisor’s account of the confrontation.  He was then discharged.
The court of appeals found that
as a person with AIDS, Buie was clearly covered by the ADA as a person with a
disability, who appeared to be qualified for his job.  However, the court found that the employer had credibly alleged
that the suspension imposed on Buie was consistent with the poor attendance
record he had compiled before the employer was informed that he had AIDS, and
the mere coincidence that the suspension was imposed after the employer learned
about his illness was not sufficient to support a claim of discriminatory
motive in this case.
“Here, temporal proximity is all
that Buie relies on under the direct method [of proving discriminatory motive],
and it does not create an issue of fact,” wrote Manion. “Even when the record
is viewed in Buie’s favor, the undisputed evidence shows that he was on the
brink of discharge before anybody at Quad/Graphics knew that he had AIDS.  Connell [his supervisor] warned Buie on
September 9, 1999, that, if he continued ‘to have attendance problems’ he could
be fired.  On September 24, October 10,
and October 15, Buie nonetheless chose to miss work without excuse and without
warning.  It was only then, when Buie
had every reason to believe that he was on the edge of termination, that he
told Connell that he had AIDS. . .  An
eleventh hour declaration of disability does not insulate an unruly employee
from the consequences of his misdeeds.
We conclude that, under the direct method, Buie has not created an issue
of material fact as to his ADA claim.” The court similarly concluded that
indirect methods of proof did not avail Buie, and that his claim of retaliation
for seeking FMA leave was also not credible.
Ultimately, it appeared that Buie’s conduct after returning to work from
his suspension seems to have weighed heavily in the court’s conclusion that
Buie’s discrimination claims did not deserve a trial.  A.S.L.
Connecticut Supreme Court Rules
HIV Infection Is an Occupational Disease for Corrections Officers Assigned to
Emergency Response Unit
The Connecticut Supreme Court
ruled on May 11 that exposure to possible HIV infection is a particular hazard
of being assigned to the emergency response unit in a state prison, and thus
HIV infection should be considered an occupational diseases under the state’s
Worker’s Compensation Law. _Estate of John Doe v. Department of Correction_,
2004 WL     .  The opinion, which drew a concurrence and two dissents to the
majority opinion by Justice Flemming L. Norcott, Jr.  The chief justice’s concurrence argued that HIV should be
considered an occupational disease for all correctional officers, not just
those assigned to the emergency response unit, while the dissenters argued that
the actual data on HIV transmission in prisons did not support a finding of
enhanced risk necessary to consider this an occupational disease.
The decedent was employed as a
state corrections officer at the Bridgeport prison from 1986 until 1991.  In 1992, he was diagnosed HIV+, and he died
as a result of AIDS in 1993.  At the
time of his death, his estate filed a claim under the Workers Compensation Law,
claiming he had contracted HIV in the course of his duties as a prison
guard.  Normally, a compensation claim
must be filed within one year of the last date of employment, which would make
this one way untimely, but the time for filing is extended to three years in
the case of occupational diseases.  The
Worker’s Compensation Commission decided to bifurcate this case and focus first
only on whether the claim was timely, before looking into the issue of
causation.  Based on the statistics
showing that exposure to blood splashes had never been documented as the cause
of a corrections officer contracting HIV, and that almost all the documented
cases of occupationally-related HIV transmission had arisen in health care
settings, the Commission concluded that HIV was not an occupational illness.
Disagreeing with this
conclusion, Justice Norcott emphasizes statistics showing that about 20% of
Connecticut prisoners were estimated to be HIV+, as compared to a fraction of a
percent of the non-prison population, as well as data showing that there is
more than a de minimus risk that HIV will be transmitted through external exposure,
and of course testimony about the duties of the emergency response unit, whose
main function is to break up fight and riot situations during which there is a
significant possibility that the correctional officers will be exposed to
inmates’ blood.  Taking these data
together, Norcott argued, “the decedent’s HIV infection constitutes an
occupational disease because his employment as a correction officer in the
emergency response unit was more likely to cause this disease than would other
kinds of employment carried on under the same conditions.” To illustrate the
point, Norcott observed that a janitor with minimal prisoner contact would be
working in the same physical prison environment as the corrections officer, but
would have a much lower risk of HIV exposure due to the particular requirements
and hazards of the job.
As further evidence of this
point, Norcott pointed to the special efforts the state has made to provide
training for corrections officers on dealing with HIV, issuing protective gear,
and adopting cautionary warnings, such as informing the officers that they
should assume that all inmates are infected and take precautions to protect
themselves accordingly.  Norcott also
noted testimony that any time a corrections officer suffers direct exposure to
inmate blood, the officer is offered anti-retroviral therapy to attempt to
prevent HIV infection from getting established in his or her body.
Norcott also noted that the
court was not ruling on the merits of the claim in this case, just on the
appropriate statute of limitations in light of the nature of the claim.  Finding that HIV infection is an
occupational disease for corrections officers does not mean automatic awarding
of compensation benefits; actual exposure and causation must still be shown.
In a concurring opinion, Chief
Justice William J. Sullivan argued that all corrections officers, not just
those assigned to the emergency unit, face the hazard of unpredictable exposure
to inmate blood.  He noted that evidence
offered in this case (but not yet subject to trial evaluation due to the
bifurcation of the case) showed that the decedent had experienced substantial
blood exposure while he was assigned as an ordinary corrections officer, not in
the emergency response unit, including an incident where he incurred a razor
cut while conducting a sweep for contraband in an inmate cell.
Dissenting, Justice Christine
Vertefeuille argued that the majority had failed to evaluate the scientific
evidence properly.  In her view, the
issue was not whether inmates are HIV+ in greater proportion than those outside
the institution, or even whether corrections officers have a heightened risk of
exposure to inmate blood.  The issue, as
it had been seen by the Commission, was whether being a corrections officer
exposes the individual to risk of HIV exposure out of the ordinary, and based
on the record she found this had not been shown.  No corrections officer in the nation up to the date when the
expert testimony was presented before the Commission had ever been found to
have contracted HIV due to blood splash exposure from an inmate. The only
documented cases involved needle-stick injuries suffered by health care
personnel in a penal institution.
Based on the data, Justice Vertefeuille was not convinced that HIV
infection was a particular hazard of correction officer work, either normally
or in the emergency unit.  A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - Louisiana_ - _Duncan
v. Secretary of Defense_, 2004 WL 11183000 (E.D. La., May 18, 2004), illustrates
the futility of HIV+ service members attempting to vindicate their rights in
litigation against the military establishment.
According to the allegations in his complaint, Johnny L. Duncan, an
African-American Army member, submitted to HIV testing in December1999 and
January 2000 upon activation of his reserve unit but was not informed that he
had tested positive, a fact he learned only a few years later when he was
diagnosed in April 2002 with “pneumocystis pneumonia,” which District Judge
Vance characterized in the opinion as “allegedly an opportunistic infection
associated with the final stages of an HIV infection.” (Allegedly?  Did this judge sleep through the 1980s?) Of
course, had Duncan been properly informed at the time of testing positive, he could
have sought treatment and, given the current state of medication in the U.S.,
most likely staved off progressing to pneumocystis, which is a sign of the
immune system collapse that most HIV+ folks with access to medication have been
able to avoid since the mid-1990s.  In
other words, whether the failure to inform him and provide appropriate
treatment was negligent or intentional (and he alleged both), it has had
serious consequences of a potentially calamitous nature. After his discharge in
2003, Duncan filed this lawsuit, alleging a wide array of claims sounding in
tort, invoking constitutional rights, and claiming the military did not even
follow its own regulations in his case (in part, he alleged, because of his
race).  Judge Vance determined, probably
correctly in light of the extraordinary barriers that Congress and the Supreme
Court have erected in such cases, that all defendants enjoyed immunity from
suit and dismissed the case.
_Federal - New York_ - U.S.
District Judge Michael Mukasey (S.D.N.Y.) granted summary judgment to the
defendants, New York State prison health officials, on constitutional claims by
an inmate who was falsely labeled HIV+ through a clerical error. _Miner v. New
York State Dept. Of Health_, 2004 WL 1152491 (May 24, 2004).  Jeffrey Miner, a state prisoner representing
himself pro se, alleged that his relationship with his wife and child were
severely damages when his wife was given a letter stating that Miner was HIV+,
which he is not.  It turned out that a
clerical error resulted in the “wrong letter” being given to Miner’s wife when
she arrived for a visit with him under the Family Reunion Program.  She was supposed to received a letter
recounting Miner’s positive status for hepatitis C, something she already knew
about.   Miner claimed that his wife
decided to divorce him after being told he was HIV+.  When the error was discovered, the doctor in charge signed a
letter of apology that was sent to Miner and his wife.  Judge Mukasey concluded that Miner failed to
state constitutional claims; his suit against the state was barred by immunity,
and government officials are not held to individual liability for
constitutional torts based on negligent conduct.  Since nobody intended to cause harm to Miner, his claims were
rejected.
_Georgia_ - Incredibly, in light
of legal developments over the past two decades, some employers continue to
discriminate openly against HIV+ workers.
Lambda Legal has filed an ADA suit in Atlanta on behalf of Joey
Saavedra, an HIV+ skilled auto glass installer who was dismissed from a new job
with Nodak Enterprises, solely based on the company’s articulated fear that his
HIV status would be a “direct threat to the safety of others.” _Lambea Legal
Press Release_, May 20.  Given the
rather odd views about HIV transmission exhibited by judges in the 11th
Circuit in prior litigation arising under the ADA, it is possible that the
employer’s attorneys have given them an accurate reading of how the ADA would
be interpreted by that court in this case, involving an employee who handles
glass and may suffer nicks and cuts causing bleeding, so depending whether the
company is willing to litigate rather than settle, this case might provide a
vehicle for Supreme Court consideration of the circumstances under which HIV+
people are protected from employment discrimination under the ADA.  The only prior Supreme Court ruling on
HIV-related discrimination was concerned with whether a person with
HIV-infection would be considered disabled under the law and would present an
undue risk to a health care provider in a dental office setting.
_Massachusetts_ - Responding to
questions posed by the Essex County District Court, the Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court ruled in _Commonwealth v. Maxwell_, 2004 WL 1146643 (May 25, 2004),
that a criminal defendant would be entitled to discovery of the medical records
of his victim, despite an apparently absolute confidentiality right for all
HIV-related medical records, where those records are necessary to the defense
case.  The Court also ruled that a
buccal swab could be performed over the protest of the defendant, in order to
be able to compare DNA with the type found at the crime scene.   Jason Maxwell, a hospital lab technician,
was indicted for sexual assault based on allegations of improper sexual
touching of a male patient, who was suffering from a brain infection.  The patient was the only witness; Maxwell
sought medical records in support of his likely defense argument that the
victim’s powers to observe were so compromised by his illness that his
identification of Maxwell as the perpetrator should not be believed. A.S.L.
AIDS Legislative & Policy
Notes
_White House Office of National
AIDS Policy_ - Confounding the predictions of some political pundits, who had
opined that the President would not appoint a new director of his Office of
National AIDS Policy before the November election, the White House announced on
May 12 that Bush has designated Carol J. Thompson, who has been serving as
acting director since August 2003, when Bush named Dr. Joseph O’Neill, an
openly-gay man who had been director of the office, to be the new deputy
coordinator of the Global AIDS Office in the State Department.  The speculation was that Bush would not want
to appoint an openly-gay person to a visible post during the presidential
election campaign.  Thompson is not gay,
but has been described favorably by AIDS activists.  There was also speculation that Christopher Bates, an openly gay
official at the Department of Health & Human Services, would be designated
as Thompson’s deputy, but an earlier move to that effect did not take place.
_Washington Blade_, May 21.
_CDC Deliberate Undercount of
HIV Cases_ - Fifteen Democratic members of Congress have written to the CDC to
protest its practice of not recording the number of new HIV infections reported
from states that use identification numbers rather than names to identify the
data.  According to the members of
Congress, the result is to undercount HIV cases from fourteen states and the
District of Columbia, a serious issue because federal policies and the
targeting of federal spending may be dictated by the geographical distribution
of HIV cases.  Among the states whose
HIV test results are not being counted in current national statistics are
California and Massachusetts, the former having one of the highest counts of
HIV cases in the country.  According to
a May 10 report by 365Gay.com, “AIDS care providers have been pressing the
federal government to make the switch” to counting all HIV infections, not just
those that are name-identified.  The
letter, directed to CDC Director Dr. Julie Gerberding, states: “CDC’s refusal
to accept and utilize code-based data presents an inaccurate picture of the
nation’s epidemic and, in doing so, undermines the national effort to win the
battle against HIV/AIDS.” CDC maintains that it is following this policy in the
name of accuracy; an individual could go to several different testing centers
and be assigned different identification numbers at each one, and thus be counted
multiple times, a result said to be less likely if their results are identified
by name.
_FDA - Anonymous Sperm Donation
Rules_ - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced on May 20 new federal
rules to codify the practice of many fertility clinics and sperm banks of
rejecting any donations of semen from gay men who had been sexually active in
the previous five years.  Lambda Legal
criticized the new rules, saying that they “look like they were written in 1982,
not 2004,” and that the rules were not based on current scientific knowledge
about HIV epidemiology and transmission.
Stated Lambda Legal E.D. Kevin Cathcart: “It’s completely illogical to
say that a gay monogamous man who practiced safe sex four years ago cannot be a
sperm donor, but a heterosexual man who had high-risk unprotected sex 14 months
ago can donate his sperm.” Testing procedures routinely used in such settings
are adequate to prevent transmission of HIV through infected sperm, Cathcart
asserted. _Lambda Legal Press Release_, May 20.
_Illinois_ - The Illinois
legislature has approved H.B. 3857, a bill introduced by openly-gay and HIV+
Rep. Larry McKeon, authorizing organ transplants from HIV+ donors to HIV+
recipients under circumstances where the recipient is in imminent danger of
death if they do not receive a transplanted organ.  The measure was developed to create an exception to existing
Illinois law that imposes penalties for transplanting an organ harvested from
an HIV+ donor.  As of the May 11
365Gay.com report on which this item is based, Governor Blagojevich had not yet
decided whether to sign the measure, which passed the House on March 3 and the
Senate on May 5.  A.S.L.
International AIDS Notes
_World Health Organization Data_
- The World Health Organization’s annual report, released in Geneva in mid-May,
revealed that AIDS is now the leading single cause of death worldwide for
people ages 15-59.  According to the
WHO, three million people died from AIDS during 2003, and five million people
were newly infected with HIV.
Director-General Lee Jong Wook called for a sharp increase in
distribution of AIDS medications, noting that at present fewer than 7 percent
of the six million people living with HIV are receiving any sort of medical
treatment. _N.Y. Times_, May 12.
_Azerbaijan_ - According to a
story in Azer-Press on May 21, the number of HIV-infected people now counted in
the country reached 635 by May 17, of whom all but a handful are citizens of
the country.  The largest group of those
infected, 47.2%, attributed the infection to use of intravenous drugs, and the
next highest, 24.2%, to heterosexual transmission.  Only 0.5% were attributed to homosexual sex.
_Libya_ - Nothing like a little
conspiracy theory to bring out the worst in people. . .  A Libyan court sentenced six health care
workers to death on May 6 on charges that they had intentionally infected more
than 400 Libyan children with HIV.  The
workers, five Bulgarian nurses and a Palestinian doctor, were arrested in February
1999.  They had worked at a hospital in
Benghazi.  The claim was that the
defendants were conducting medical experiments seeking a cure for AIDS and
deliberately infected the youths as part of their research.  All six pled innocent, and defense experts
testified that hygiene problems were the most likely cause for the infections,
from which about two dozen children have died.
Press reports indicated that the defendants have been subjected to
torture, including electric shocks, beatings and rape, in order to elicit
confessions. _Associated Press_, May 6.
The _New York Times_ reported on May 12 that the International Council
of Nurses had appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene on
behalf of the defendants with Libya’s leader, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, with
whom Blair is on good terms after having paid a diplomatic visit to Libya in
March.
_United Kingdom_ - The Teesside
Crown Court has convicted an HIV+ man from Malawi on three counts of infecting
women with HIV by having unprotected sex without disclosing his HIV status to
his partners.  The defendant, Feston
Konzani, will serve a ten year prison sentence and then be deported.  He was brought into the country by
Christopher Henderson, a political attache with the British High Commission,
who had employed Konzani as a servant in Malawi.  Konzani had petitioned for asylum in the U.K., arguing that as a
homosexual he was targeted for persecution in Malawi.  But for a homosexual, he was certainly heterosexually
active.  One of the women he infected
bore him a son.  Another was a
15-year-old virgin.  Judge Peter Fox
expressed considerable outrage at Konzani’s behavior, stating: “I have to send
a clear message to those who suffer your infection and that is that they must
disclose it to their sexual partners and they must take protection if sexual
intercourse is to occur.” _Daily Telegraph_, May 15. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED &
ANNOUNCEMENTS
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Out & Equal Metro New York
will present an event to mark the anniversary of _Lawrence v. Texas_ on
Wednesday, June 9, 6 to 8 pm, with MetLife hosting at One Madison Avenue, 11th
Floor, Conference Room C.  The speakers
will be Paul Smith, who argued _Lawrence v. Texas_ as a cooperating attorney
for Lambda Legal, and Professor Tony Varona of Pace University Law School,
formerly general counsel of Human Rights Campaign. RSVP’s to GLBT@MetLife.com.  Note that photo identification is required for admission to the
MetLife building.  Out & Equal Metro
NY’s mission statement is: “To become the NY Metro area education and
information resource on LGBT matters in the workplace for local companies and
organizations, through their employee resource groups (ERGs), employees and HR
professionals.
The Alliance: Gay/Straight
Alliance of the N.Y. State Courts and LeGaL will co-sponsor a program at
Brooklyn Borough Hall (209 Joralemon Street) on June 10 at 6 pm titled
“Same-Sex Marriage: the Role of the Courts in Civil Rights and Social Change.”
Speakers include Mayor Jason West of New Paltz, Mayor John Shields of Nyack,
former LeGaL President Aubrey Lees, Prof. Ruthann Robson of CUNY Law School,
Norman Siegel, former director of the NY Civil Liberties Union and counsel to
Mayor Shields in his marriage lawsuit, and Susan Sommers, staff attorney at
Lambda Legal.  A reception hosted by
Borough President Marty Markowitz will follow the presentation.  RSVP’s requested to 718-802-3531.
On June 26, Lambda Legal will
inaugurate a new Gay Pride Month event in Dallas, Lambda at the Nasher (Nasher
Sculpture Center).  The event will
commemorate the anniversary of the monumental victory in _Lawrence v. Texas_,
and to launch the event, Lambda will present its cooperating attorney in that
case, Paul Smith, as keynote speaker.
Lambda will also announce its 2004 Courage Award recipient to somebody
who has shown particular courage in standing up to advance the rights of the
LGBT and HIV/AIDS communities.  The
event will be held from 7 to 10 pm.  For
ticket and location information, go to www.LambdaAtTheNasher.org or call
214-219-8585.
A Celebration of 20 Years of
Openly Lesbian and Gay Judges in the New York Courts will take place on Monday,
June 28, at the New York County Lawyers’ Association, 14 Vesey Street,
Manhattan, from 6 to 8 pm.
Co-sponsoring organizations, in addition to the County Lawyers’
Association and their LGBT Issues Committee, include the Association of Lesbian
and Gay Judges, the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York, the
LGBT Rights Committee of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York,
and The Alliance: The Gay-Straight Alliance of the New York State Courts.  RSVP requested to 212-353-9118 or le_gal@earthlink.net.
LeGal and the New York County Lawyers
Association will present a CLE program on same-sex marriage at the County
Lawyers building on Vesey Street on June 30 from 6 to 9 pm.  3 MCLE credits in professional practice are
available.   Your Law Notes editor,
Arthur Leonard, will chair and moderate the program with the following
speakers: Erica Bell of Weiss, Buell & Bell; N.Y. State Assembly Member
Richard Gottfried, Michele Kahn, N.Y. State Democratic Commiteeman Larry Moss,
and a representative from the office of Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.  The speakers will provide an overview of the
legal status of same-sex marriage and will specifically focus on questions
raised by New York couples who obtain marriages elsewhere and then return to
New York, seeking to have their marriages recognized for various purposes.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED
LEGAL ISSUES:
Avila, Daniel, _To Wed & Let
Wed?  The Intrusive Impact on Dissenting
Religious Belief & Practices Created by Same-Sex Marriages_, 38 New Eng. L.
Rev. 621 (Spring 2004).
Balkin, Jack M., _Digital Speech
and Democratic Culture: A Theory of Freedom of Expression for the Information
Society_, 79 NYU L. Rev. 1 (April 2004).
Bazelon, Emily, _A Bold Stroke_,
Legal Affairs, May/June 2004, p. 30 (profile of Chief Justice Margaret Marshall
of the Mass. S.J.C. and the fallout from the same-sex marriage decision).
Bernstein, David E., _Lochner
Era Revisionism, Revised: Lochner and the Origins of Fundamental Rights
Constitutionalism_, 92 Georgetown L.J. 1 (Nov. 2003) (treats _Lawrence v.
Texas_ as a product of Lochner-style substantive due process).
Beschle, Donald L., _Kant’s
Categorical Imperative: An Unspoken Factor in Constitutional Rights Balancing_,
31 Pepp. L. Rev. 949 (2004).
Bix, Brian H., _State Interest
and Marriage - The Theoretical Perspective_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 93 (Fall 2003).
Brooks, Kim, and Debra Parkes,
_Queering Legal Education: A Project of Theoretical Discovery_, 27 Harv.
Women’s L.J. 89 (Spring 2004).
Browning, Don, _Critical
Familism, Civil Society, and the Law_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 313 (Fall 2003)
(Conference on Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Buseck, Gary, _Civil Marriage
For Same-Sex Couples_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 495 (Spring 2004) (Keynote Address
for Symposium by Legal Director of Lambda Legal).
Carbado, Devon W., and Donald
Weise, _The Civil Rights Identity of Bayard Rustin_, 82 Texas L. Rev. 1133
(April 2004) (attempts to provide a rounded picture of the life of a major
figure in the civil rights movement who happened to be gay).
Demleitner, Nora V., _How Much
Do Western Democracies Value Family and Marriage?: Immigration Law’s Conflicted
Answers_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 273 (Fall 2003) (Conference on Marriage, Families,
and Democracy).
DiFonzo, James Herbie,
_Unbundling Marriage_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 31 (Fall 2003) (Conference on
Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Dubber, Markus Dirk, _Toward a
Constitutional Law of Crime and Punishment_, 55 Hastings L.J. 509 (Feb. 2004).
Elliott, R. Douglas, _The
Canadian Earthquake: Same-Sex Marriage in Canada_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 591
(Spring 2004).
Failinger, Marie A., _A Peace
Proposal for the Same-Sex Marriage Wars: Restoring the Household to Its Proper
Place_, 10 Wm. & Mary J. Women & L. 195 (Winter 2004).
Feigen, Brenda, _Same-Sex
Marriage: An Issue of Constitutional Rights Not Moral Opinions_, 27 Harv.
Women’s L.J. 345 (Spring 2004).
Friedes, Josh, _Can Same-Sex
Marriages Co-Exist With Religion?_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 533 (Spring 2004).
Goldberg, Suzanne, _Equality
Without Tiers_, 77 S. Cal. L. Rev. 481 (March 2004) (Winner of AALS Legal
Writing Prize; explores arguments for a more nuanced approach to equal
protection analysis than the “tiered” system that emerged in the middle of the
20th century).
Ireland, Roderick L, _How We Do
It in Massachusetts: An Overview of How the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial
Court Has Interpreted Its State Constitution to Address Contemporary Legal
Issues_, 38 Valparaiso U. L. Rev. 405 (Spring 2004).
Harris, Andrew, _The Next Gay
Marriage Battle: State v. Federal_, Nat’l L. J., May 24, 2004, p. 6.
Hurd, Heidi M., and Michael S.
Moore, _Punishing Hatred and Prejudice_, 56 Stanford L. Rev. 1081 (April 2004).
Katz, Stanley N., _A New
American Dilemma?: U.S. Constitutionalism vs. International Human Rights_, 58
U. Miami L. Rev. 323 (Oct. 2003).
Lareau, Alyssa Connell, _Who
Decides?  Genital Normalizing Surgery on
Intersexed Infants_, 92 Georgetown L.
J. 129 (Nov. 2003).
Leonard, Arthur S., Lawrence v.
Texas_ and the New Law of Gay Rights_, 30 Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 189 (2004).
McClain, Linda C., _Intimate
Affiliation and Democracy: Beyond Marriage?_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 379 (Fall
2003) (Conference on Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Millbank, Jenni, _Gender, Sex
and Visibility in Refugee Claims on the Basis of Sexual Orientation_, 18
Georgetown Imm. L. J. 71 (Fall 2003).
Mossman, Mary Jane,
_Conversations About Families in Canadian Courts and Legislatures: Are There
“Lessons” For the United States?_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 171 (Fall 2003)
(Conference on Marriage, Families, and Democracy)..
Penfil, Kyhm, _Same-Sex Couples:
When Pillow Talk is Public_, Nat’l L. J., May 3, 2004, p. 22. (argues that
spousal testimonial privilege should be extended to same-sex partners).
Polikoff, Nancy D., _Ending
Marriage As We Know It_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 201 (Fall 2003) (Conference on
Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Prol, Thomas, and Daniel Weiss,
_Lifting a Lamp: Will New Jersey Create a Safe Harbor for Gay and Lesbian
Immigration Rights?_, New Jersey Lawyer, Issue 227 (April 2004), p. 22.
Rosenbloom, Nancy L.,
_Democratic Families: “The Logic of Congruence” and Political Identity_, 32
Hofstra L. Rev. 145 (Fall 2003) (Conference on Marriage, Families, and
Democracy).
Samar, Vincent, _Autonomy, Gay
Rights and Human Self-Fulfillment: An Argument for Modified Liberalism in
Public Education_, 10 Wm. & Mary J. Women & L. 137 (Winter 2004).
Schneider, Elizabeth M.,
_Transnational Law as a Domestic Resource: Thoughts on the Case of Women’s
Rights_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 689 (Spring 2004) (Anna Hirsch Lecture).
Silberman, Linda, and Karin
Wolfe, _The Importance of Private International Law for Family Issues in an Era
of Globalization: Two Case Studies - International Child Abduction and Same-Sex
Unions_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 233 (Fall 2003) (Conference on Marriage, Families,
and Democracy).
Stacey, Judith, _Toward Equal
Regard for Marriages and Other Imperfect Intimate Affiliations_, 32 Hofstra L.
Rev. 331 (Fall 2003) (Conference on Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Strasser, Mark, _Lawrence,
Same-Sex Marriage and the Constitution: What Is Protected and Why?_, 38 New
Eng. L. Rev. 667 (Spring 2004).
Van Ness, Gretchen, _The
Inevitability of Gay Marriage_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 563 (Spring 2004).
Vischer, Robert K., <MI.The
Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Rethinking the Value of Associations_, 79 Notre
Dame L. Rev. 949 (April 2004).
Wagner, David M., _Marriage: An
Achievement of Centuries for the Protection of Women and Children_, 38 New Eng.
L. Rev. 683 (Spring 2004).
Wardle, Lynn D., _The Bonds of
Matrimony and the Bonds of Constitutional Democracy_, 32 Hofstra L. Rev. 349
(Fall 2003) (opponent of same-sex marriage launches another diatribe)
(Conference on Marriage, Families, and Democracy).
Whitman, James Q., _The Two
Western Cultures of Privacy: Dignity Versus Liberty_, 113 Yale L.J. 1151 (April
2004).
Wintemute, Robert, _The
Massachusetts Same-Sex Marriage Case: Could Decisions From Canada, Europe, and
South Africa Help the SJC?_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 505 (Spring 2004).
_Student Articles:_
Bayse, Chad, _Pulling the_
Lilly_ from the Pond? Minneapolis Wades into Domestic Partner Benefits
Legislation Once Again_, 30 Wm. Mitchell L. Rev. 931 (2004).
Blair, Melissa, _Wisconsin’s Sex
Offender Registration and Notification Laws: Has the Wisconsin Legislature Left
the Criminals and the Constitution Behind?_, 87 Marquette L. Rev. 939 (Summer
2004).
Blazier, Susan Austin, _The
Irrational Use of Rational Basis Review in Lawrence v. Texas: Implications for
Our Society_, 26 Campbell L. Rev. 21 (Spring 2004).
Cohen, Talia, _Protecting or
Dismantling the Family: A Look at Foster Families and Homosexual Parents After
Lofton v. Kearney_, 13 Temple Pol. & Civ. Rts. L. Rev. 227 (Fall 2003)
(Lofton v. Kearney is the 11th Circuit decision upholding the state
of Florida’s ban on “homosexuals” adopting children).
Evans, Sarah B., _Hear No Evil,
Speak No Evil, See No Evil: Protecting the Nation’s Children From Sexually
Explicit Material on the Internet_, 13 Temple Pol. & Civ. Rts. L. Rev. 253
(Fall 2003).
Farhangian, Jasmin J., _A Problem
of “Virtual” Proportions: The Difficulties Inherent in Tailoring Virtual Child
Pornography Laws to Meet Constitutional Standards_, 12 J. L. & Policy 241
(2003).
Gonzalez, Jessica A.,
_Decriminalizing Sexual Conduct: the Supreme Court Ruling in_ Lawrence v.
Texas, 35 St. Mary’s L.J. 685 (2004).
Kennedy, Ryan P., Ashcroft v.
Free Speech Coalition_: Can We Roast the Pig Without Burning Down the House in
Regulating ‘Virtual’ Child Pornography?_, 37 Akron L. Rev. 379 (2004).
Ladle, Jeremy G., _Protecting Pedophiles
and Valuing Virtual Child Pornography: A Critique of _Ashcroft v. Free Speech
Coalition_,_ 40 Idaho L. Rev. 457 (2004).
Lieberman, Martha Elizabeth,
_The Status of Same Sex Adoption in the Keystone State Subsequent to the State
Supreme Court’s Decision in_ Adoption of R.B.F. and R.C.G., 12 J. L. &
Policy 287 (2003).
Livingston, McKenzie A., _Out of
the ‘Troubles’ and Into Rights: Protection for Gays, Lesbians, and Bisexuals in
Northern Ireland Through Equality Legislation in the Belfast Agreement_, 27
Fordham Int’l L. J. 1207 (Feb. 2004).
Osborne, Margaret S.,
_Legalizing Families: Solutions to Adjudicate Parentage for Lesbian
Co-Parents_, 49 Villanova L. Rev. 363 (2004).
Poellet, Keira A., _The
Homosexual Policy in the Military - Will Lawrence v. Texas Open the Closet
Door?_, 5 Whittier L. Rev. 645 (Spring 2004).
Recent Cases, _Constitutional
Law - Due Process Clause - Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Holds That
Opposite-Sex Marriage Law Violates Right to Marry - Goodridge v. Department of
Public Health, 798 N.E.2d 941 (Mass. 2003)_, 117 Harv. L. Rev. 2441 (May 2004)
(critical of theoretical basis for court’s ruling and remedy).
Wardak, Leah, _Internet Filters
and the First Amendment: Public Libraries After_ United States v. American
Library Association, 35 Loyola Univ. Chicago L. J. 657 (Winter 2004).
Zapata, Raymon, _Child Custody
in Texas and the Best Interest Standard: In the Best Interest of Whom?_, 6
Scholar: St. Mary’s L. Rev. On Minority Issues 197 (Fall 2003).
_Specially Noted:_
The Spring 2004 issue of the New
England Law Review includes symposium articles on aspects of same-sex marriage,
under the collective title “Can Anyone Show Just Cause Why These Two Should Not
Be Lawfully Joined Together?”.
Individual articles are noted above.
In its May 24 issue, _U.S. News
& World Report_ included a lengthy feature article by Dan Gilgoff titled
“The Rise of the Gay Family.” The article particularly emphasized the
significant number of same-sex couples raising children, and included tabular
materials summarizing state laws affecting same-sex partners raising children,
and enumerating the states where such families are most prevalent among all gay
couples, with Mississippi surprisingly first on the list.
On May 25, the _Wall Street
Journal_ published an article by Kris Maher titled “Career Journal: The
Jungle,” describing various employee benefits issues that must be resolved in
the wake of the beginning of legal marriages for same-sex partners in
Massachusetts (and potentially elsewhere).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Behrman, Greg, _The Invisible
People: How the U.S. Has Slept Through the Global AIDS Pandemic, the Greatest
Humanitarian Catastrophe of Our Time_ (Free Press, New York, 2004).
Dolan, Kate, David Lowe, and
James Shearer, _Evaluation of the Condom Distribution Program in New South
Wales Prisons, Australia_, 32 J. L. Med. & Ethics 124 (Spring 2004).
Wolf, Leslie E., Bernard Lo, and
Lawrence O. Gostin, _Legal Barriers to Implementing Recommendations for
Universal, Routine Prenatal HIV Testing_, 32 J. L. Med. & Ethics 137
(Spring 2004).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in
_Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are
those of identified writers, and
are not official positions of the Lesbian
& Gay Law Association of
Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications
Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to
issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_
is welcome and will be published
subject to editing. Please address
correspondence to the Editor or
send via e-mail.