http://www.actionintl.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Action International Ministries is committed to your privacy. We do not sell your personal information to 3rd parties but use it in order to serve you better. This privacy policy explains how we collect, share, and use personal information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us directly.ACTION UK Privacy Policy
Get Involved Forms and applications
When visitors submit contact forms or applications on the site, we collect the data shown in the forms.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content, if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track user interactions with our site. This does not include your personal information. Analytics enables us to better understand user interactions with our website and how to improve our site.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
We may use the personal information we collect through the site or other sources for a range of reasons, including:
To send you system alert messages
To communicate with you about your account and provide donor support
To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms
To provide information to representatives and advisers, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
To provide, support, and improve the site
You may have the following data protection rights:
To access, correct, update, or request deletion of personal information
In addition, individuals who are residents of the EEA can object to processing of their personal information, ask to restrict processing of their personal information, or request portability of their personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided.
If personal information is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject can withdraw their consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
This website uses a third party service to manage administrative tasks. If you leave a comment, submit personal information via a contact form, or otherwise exchange personal details with us, it is possible that we may use this service to manage that data.
Please respect the content you see on our website
Do not copy any content and claim it as your own, thereby misleading the public that you own content that is in fact ACTION’s, our missionaries', our staff's, and the many people's we interact with.
Do not put our content in any published work or in any form or make profit from copying the content in our website without prior written approval of the International Director or ACTION’s governing body.
You may share our website and its pages with anyone. Our website is public and on the internet so that the world knows what God is doing in us and through the missionaries and staff of ACTION. We ask that you inform your audience you got the content from our website, so they can also see our website for themselves.
Contact Us