http://www.murphyprachthauser.com/privacy-policy
¿Habla Español?
Locations
Firm News
Blog
Menu
414-271-1011 • 888-271-1022
Free Case Evaluation
Areas of Expertise
Car Accident Attorneys
Truck Accident Attorneys
Motorcycle Accident Attorneys
JUUL Lawsuit Attorneys
Personal Injury Attorneys
Slip and Fall Attorneys
Auto Defect Attorneys
Defective and Dangerous Product Attorneys
Workers Compensation Attorneys
Other Specialties Attorneys
Attorney Profiles
Don Prachthauser
Keith Stachowiak
Thadd J. Llaurado
Mark Baus
Michelle Hockers
Joe Zimmermann
Kate Llaurado
About Us
Community Contributions
Honors and Distinctions
Client Testimonials
Verdicts and Settlements
Legal Resources
Firm News
Legal Links
Personal Injury Blog
Presentations
FAQs
Contact Us
414-271-1011 • 888-271-1022
Milwaukee Personal Injury Attorneys
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
At http://www.murphyprachthauser.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by http://www.murphyprachthauser.com and how we use it.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, http://www.murphyprachthauser.com makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beaconshttp://www.murphyprachthauser.com uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Our Advertising Partners Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Hibu
Facebook
While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Privacy Policies.
You may consult this listing to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.murphyprachthauser.com.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.murphyprachthauser.com and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
http://www.murphyprachthauser.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. http://www.murphyprachthauser.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's InformationWe believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. http://www.murphyprachthauser.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that http://www.murphyprachthauser.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
UpdateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on: Friday, June 24th, 2016. Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
YourAdChoices.com
Please visit www.youradchoices.com, which explains behavioral targeting in more detail, and will allow you to opt out of being targeted for any behavioral advertising by any member of the Internet Advertising Bureau, including hibu.
Free Case Evaluation
DOWNTOWNMILWAUKEELAWYERS
330 Kilbourn Building 330 East Kilbourn Avenue Suite 1200 Milwaukee, WI 53202 Phone: (414) 271-1011 (888) 271-1022 (Kilbourn & Broadway)
WEST MILWAUKEE /WAUKESHA COUNTYLAWYERS
N14 W23833 Stone Ridge Dr.Suite 310Waukesha, WI 53188Phone: (262) 792-0888
SOUTH SUBURBAN MILWAUKEELAWYERS (NEAR SOUTHRIDGE)
Associated Bank Building 4811 South 76th Street Suite 403 Milwaukee, WI 53220 Phone: (414) 281-5700 (One block south of Layton Avenue)
MEQUONLAWYERS
10200 N. Port Washington Road, Suite 201 Mequon, WI 53092 Phone: (262) 240-1138 (Port Washington Road, quarter mile South of Donges Bay Rd, on East side of street street)
WEST BENDLAWYERS
111 N. Main StreetSuite 101West Bend, WI 53095Phone: (262) 346-3340
Copyright © 2020 Murphy & Prachthauser, SC - All Rights Reserved - Milwaukee Personal Injury & Car Accident Lawyers  |  Privacy Policy
Free Case Evaluation