http://www.nipolicingboard.org.uk/privacy-statement
Home
The BoardHistoryPrevious Policing Board Members
Policing Board Staff Structure
Corporate Plan 2020-2023 and Business Plan 2020/21
Our WorkOversight of the PSNIPeople Strategy
Estate Strategy
Training Education & Development Strategy
Information Systems Strategy
Continuous Improvement
Policing Plan 2020-25 and Performance Plan 2020/21Background
Monitoring and Reporting
PSNI Funding
Human RightsMonitoring PSNI Compliance with the Human Rights Act 1998
Professional Standards Complaints and discipline
Human Rights Thematic Reviews
PSNI Code of Ethics
Human Rights Advisor
Review of Police COVID-19 response
Independent Custody Visiting Scheme
Engagement Strategy 2020-23
Policing and Community Safety Partnerships (PCSPs)Neighbourhood Watch
Police Pensions and Injury BenefitsTemporary Arrangements for SMP Appointments
Police Pension Calculator
Police Pensions
SMP Arrangements from 1st October 2016
Police Pension Board
Police Pension Commutation
Injury on Duty Awards
Scoffield Review of the Injury on Duty Award Scheme
Appeals
Complaints and Internal Dispute Resolution
Application Forms
Contact details and Useful Links
Police Property Fund Grants Scheme
National Crime Agency
Appointment of Chief Officers and Senior Police Staff EquivalentsChief Operating Officer Appointment
MeetingsBoard Meetings in PublicHow You Can Attend
Board Minutes
Board CommitteesAudit and Risk Assurance Committee
Partnership Committee
Performance Committee
Resources Committee
Committee Minutes
Questions to Chief Constable
FAQsPSNI Recruitment
PSNI Resources
Police Performance
Police Budget
PSNI Estates
NewsNews search
Publications
FOI/Data ProtectionData Protection and the Policing BoardHow can I find out what is held about me?
Responding to your request
What will be sent to me?
Is the Policing Board entitled to withhold information?
Who can I contact?
DPA Complaints
FOI and the Policing BoardWho can make a request?
What information is available?
How do I obtain information?
What is a Publication Scheme?
Who should I contact if I have a query?
What does it cost?
What happens when I make a request?
How many requests can I make?
Can I ask for the information in a specific format?
How can I use the information I receive?
What happens if the Board does not understand my request?
What happens if my request is refused?
What happens if the Board does not hold the information I seek?
Publication SchemePart 1: Introduction to the Publication SchemeThe Northern Ireland Policing Board Roles and Responsibilities
What is a Publication Scheme?
Responsibility for the Northern Ireland Policing Board Publication Scheme
Charging for Publications
Copyright
Requests for Information
Comments and Complaints about the Publication Scheme
Part 2: Classes of InformationWho we are and what we doStructure of Board
Policing Board Staff Structure
Contact information and Geographical area of operation
General outline of responsibilities
Independent Custody Visiting Scheme
The appointment and role of Independent Community Observers
Role of the Board in relation to Policing and Community Safety Partnerships
Relationships with other Bodies
What we spend and how we spend itSummary of revenue budget estimates of the Board
Annual Statement of the Board's Accounts
Budget set for the Police Service
Information on other sources of income including grants
Annual investment strategy or other details of resource expenditure
Expenditure2016
Details of contracts currently being tendered
Contracts
Expenses and allowances paid to or incurred by Board Members and senior employed staff
Pay and Grading structure
Annual Audit Letter
Financial audit reports
Internal financial regulations and delegated authorityInternal Financial Regulations
What our priorities are and how we are doingAnnual Report
Corporate Plan
Strategic plan or local policing objectives set for the Police Service
Reports presented to the Board indicating service, provision, performance assessments, operational assessments
Reports by external inspectors
Information on the performance of the Board
Statistical information provided to the Board
How we make decisionsSchedule of meetings open to the public
Agendas and approved minutes of the Board and sub-committees
Background papers for meetings open to the public
Records of important decisionsBoard Reports
Procedures, facts and analyses of facts used for decision making
Public consultations
Our policies and proceduresPolicies and procedures for the conduct of the Board's business
Policies and procedures for the provision of services
Policies and procedures about the employment of staff
Customer service
Records management and personal data policiesPrivacy Notices
Charging regimes and policies
Lists and registersAny information we are currently legally required to hold in publicly available registers
Asset register
Information asset register
Other Register of interests
Register of gifts and hospitality provided to members and senior personnel
Requested Dataset
FOI Disclosure log
Register of Members' Interests
The services we offerInformation about the provision of the Board's services
Leaflets and explanatory booklets
Media releases
Services for which the authority is entitled to recover a fee together with those fees
Making a Request
Making a Freedom of Information Complaint
FOI ResponsesFreedom of Information Response 2016-2018
Contact usHow to find us
Tender Opportunities
You are hereHome » Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This page explains how the Northern Ireland Policing Board uses any information you give to us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy.
We are committed to protecting your privacy.  We will not share your information with others without your prior consent.
The Data Protection Act 1998
Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you.  We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.  We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you give us permission, or we are legally entitled to do so.
What information do we collect?
We collect two kinds of information from visitors to the Policing Board website: e-mails (to the various contact points - to enable us to action / respond), and site usage information (from cookies and log files - to help us improve the service we offer).
Contact
We welcome contact from you.  If you send an e-mail to any of our contact points, asking for information, or providing feedback, the system will record your e-mail address and other information if volunteered to us by you.  This information shall be treated as proprietary and confidential but if you ask us for information that belongs to another organisation, we may need to contact, or forward your request, to that organisation.  We do not pass on any of your personal information when dealing with your enquiry unless you have given us permission to do so.  Once we have replied to you, we keep a record of your messages for 12 months for reference and audit purposes, after which it is deleted.  We will respect your e-mail privacy.  You will receive unsolicited mail from the Policing Board only if you have agreed to this.
Site Usage Information
Cookies
When you enter the Policing Board site your computer will be automatically issued with a cookie, in order to collect non-personal user information required for system administration of the website.
Cookies are pieces of data created when you visit a site, and contain a unique, anonymous number.  They are stored in a text file in the cookie directory of your hard drive, and do not expire at the end of your session.  Cookies do not contain any personal information about you and cannot be used to identify an individual user.
The information that is supplied by cookies can help us better understand your needs in order to provide you with a better service and assist us to analyse the profile of our visitors.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies.  If you do not know how to do this, you should visit the website of your browser manufacturer.
Log Files
Log files allow us to record visitors' use of the site.  We analyse log file information from all our visitors, which we use to make changes to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it.
Log files do not contain any personal information and they are not used to identify any individual patterns of use of the site.
What happens when I link to another site?
The Policing Board contains links to other websites, both those of government departments and of other organisations.  This privacy policy applies only to our site, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any site that collects personal information.
We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other site.
Changes to this policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page.  Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Contact Information
Northern Ireland Policing BoardWaterside Tower31 Clarendon RoadClarendon DockBELFASTBT1 3BG
028 9040 8500information@nipolicingboard.org.uk
Useful Links
Making a Complaint
Careers
Police Service of Northern Ireland
Policing and Community Safety Partnerships
Department of Justice
Police Ombudsman Northern Ireland
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
View our YouTube channel
© Crown 2018
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Statement
Cookies