https://www.mosessinger.com/info/privacy-policy
Disclaimer
Accessibility
Online Privacy Notice
California Privacy Law
Join Our Mailing List
Home  /
Online Privacy Notice
Online Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Moses & Singer LLP (“we,” “us” or “our”) collects, uses, and discloses information obtained through our website (the “Site”).
What Information We Collect
We collect the personal information that you provide via the Site, such as by using the “Contact Us” form, which may request contact information, such as your name, address, and telephone number and request you input a message, which will contain information regarding the purpose of you contacting us as well as any additional information you provide to us.  Please be aware that any information you provide to us through our Site should not be considered attorney-client privileged information.
We allow third party providers (such as Google Analytics) to gather other technical information when you visit the Site, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the dates and times of page views, and the duration of time spent at those pages.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without providing you with prior notice.
How We Use Information
We use your personal information to respond to your inquiries and to provide you information about our firm and the services we offer. We use the other technical information gathered to analyze Site usage, for the security of the Site, and to improve the design, function and content of our Site.  We will not use personal information we’ve collected for purposes that are materially different, unrelated, or incompatible with this online privacy notice without providing you with prior notice.
How We Share Information
We may share personal and technical information with third parties who require such information to assist us with professional, consulting, marketing or communications services. We allow third parties access to such information to perform specific tasks at our instruction for us or on our behalf. We may also disclose such information as required by law or regulation, in response to a court order, subpoena or request by law enforcement, in connection with a merger, acquisition or other transactions involving our firm or its attorneys, or if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect our property or to assert our legal rights, or to protect the safety or rights of others.
We do not sell your personal or technical information.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Site contains links to third party websites. If you choose to click those links, you will leave the Site. Third party websites may have privacy practices that differ from ours. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of these third party sites and make no representations about, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third party websites.
Cookies
“Cookies” are used on the Site. Cookies are small pieces of data or text files stored on your computer that are tied to information about you. A cookie can provide information such as websites, pages, or advertisements your browser has accessed. Cookies are used for the proper functioning of the Site, to enable personalization or security features on the Site, for the security of the Site, or to compile aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how visitors use the Site, and to help us improve the functionality and structure of the Site.
Most Internet browsers can be set to refuse cookies and/or allow you to configure your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which gives you the chance to accept or refuse it. We do not require you to accept cookies to access the Site, although functionality may be affected if you refuse cookies. The Site is not set up to recognize “do not track” signals from browsers.
Information Collected From Minors
This Site is directed to individuals over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should not provide us with personal information. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If we learn that personal information of persons under the age of 18 has been collected via the Site, we will take appropriate steps to delete such information.
Security
We take reasonable security measures, using physical, electronic, and other procedural controls, designed to safeguard against the unauthorized access to and use of the information under our control. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of your information.
Changes To This Privacy Notice
We may make changes to this privacy notice from time to time. Please check this privacy notice regularly to ensure you are familiar with the most up-to-date version, which applies to any current access to the Site.
For California Residents Only
This section of our online privacy notice applies solely to visitors and users who reside in the State of California. The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes those CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
The categories of personal information that we collect from you can be found in the “What Information We Collect” section above, which you can access by clicking here.
The business or commercial purpose for which we used the categories of personal information we collect can be found in the “How We Use Information” section above, which you can access by clicking here.
Your California Rights under CCPA
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months (“Right to Know”). You have the Right to Know (i) the categories of personal information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; (v) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Delete”). Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us to: (i) complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you; (ii)  detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; (iii) debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; (iv) exercise free speech, ensure the right of another party to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law; (v) enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; (vi)  comply with a legal obligation; or (vii) make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your Right to Know or Right to Delete, please submit a verifiable request to us by either calling us at 1-866-467-8688 (1-866-IOPTOUT); or by sending an email to CCPArequests@mosessinger.com.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your personal information. The verifiable request must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We may need to contact you to request additional information in order to verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or that you are an authorized representative. We will not use any information provided as part of a request, including any contact information you provide or that we request in order to respond to or verify a request, for any purpose other than to respond to or verify your request.
We will make an effort to respond to your verifiable request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing either by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period before our receipt of the verifiable request.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights by (i) denying you goods or services; (ii) charging you a different price or rates for goods or services; or (iii) providing you a different level of quality of goods or service.
For additional information regarding your rights under the CCPA, or how to exercise them, you may contact us at CCPArequests@mosessinger.com.
Notice to Minors
Our Site is not directed at and is not intended for anyone under the age of 18. Visitors under the age of 18 should not provide any personal information to our firm. If you are under the age of 18, do not send any type of personal information about yourself to us or our Site.
No Legal Advice or Attorney-Client Relationship Intended
Nothing contained in this Privacy Notice or our Site is intended to provide legal advice, or to create a contractual or attorney-client relationship. You agree that visiting our Site or providing information to us through our Site does not create a contractual or attorney-client relationship.
Additional Information/Contact Us
We make no assurances that the Site is suitable for use outside the United States. By navigating the Site, you consent to the processing of information as provided in this privacy notice. You may withdraw that consent by contacting us.
If at any point you believe the personal information we have about you is incorrect, you may request to see the information and to have it corrected. We retain your personal information for so long as we have a business purpose to do so.  You may also request that your personal information be deleted. If you wish to object to or raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, or if you would like to have your personal information transferred, or if you have any other questions about our privacy notice, you may contact us at PrivacyAdministrator@mosessinger.com. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe that our processing of your personal information is not in accordance with law, you may register a complaint with the authority in your jurisdiction.
Moses & Singer LLP controls the personal information collected from the Site. Please direct any questions concerning our privacy practices to PrivacyAdministrator@mosessinger.com.
Effective Date
This privacy notice is effective as of January 1, 2020
Disclaimer
Join Our Mailing List
Accessibility
Online Privacy Notice
California Privacy Law
Subscription Finance
Letter of Credit Engagements-Transactions, Forms,
Join Our Mailing List