https://www.sudburycatholicschools.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Sudbury Catholic District School Board
Privacy Policy
The Sudbury Catholic District School Board is committed to respecting the privacy and personal information of all visitors to our website. This statement summarizes our privacy policy and practices with respect to visitors to our board website.
Protection of Personal Information at the Sudbury Catholic District School Board
The Sudbury Catholic District School Board collects, uses and discloses personal information only to the extent necessary for the services and programs we provide, in accordance with our board’s Privacy Policy and the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Act.
What is Personal Information?Personal information is any information that renders an individual identifiable. This includes a person’s image, name, age, date of birth, address, and health information. Personal information does not include business information, such as a business title, work location, or work email address.
Collection of Personal InformationThe Sudbury Catholic District School Board automatically collects a limited amount of information from its website for the purpose of monitoring website traffic and keeping statistics about website use. Any information collected for this purpose is analyzed for operational trends, performance, and potential website improvements. Only aggregated data, and not individual personal information, is used for such analysis. We store such information, but we do not disclose this information to any third parties.The board also receives personal information from website users who submit board forms online. This personal information is collected for the purpose of responding to the request for information or services on the form, and is disclosed only for the purpose of addressing the request.
External LinksOur website may contain links to other sites created and maintained by other public and/or private sector organizations. These links are provided solely for your information and convenience. When you click on a link to an outside Web site, you are leaving the Sudbury Catholic District School Board web site and our information management policies no longer apply.
DisclaimerWe have attempted to provide accurate, relevant, and current information on this website. Despite these attempts, we cannot assume responsibility for any errors or omissions.
Privacy Officer and Information and Privacy CommissionerFor general inquiries about information regarding access to information and privacy protection by Ontario’s public institutions, please visit the website of the Information and Privacy Commission of Ontario at https://www.ipc.on.ca/.
For further information about the Board’s Privacy policy, please contact our Communications Officer at webmaster@scdsb.edu.on.ca
Register Now!
E-mail Copied to Clipboard