http://www.bruu.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Bull Run Unitarian Universalists
9350 Main Street
Manassas, Virginia 20110
Sunday Service at 10:00 am
Phone: 703-361-6269
Office Hours:
Tuesday through Friday, 9:30am–2:30pm
Bull Run Unitarian Universalists (www2)
Bull Run Unitarian Universalists (BRUU) in Manassas, Virginia. "A Safe Community for Seeking and Service"
A Safe Community for Seeking and Service
Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are the Bull Run Unitarian Universalist congregation in Manassas, Virginia, USA. Our website address is: http://www.bruu.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
As a general rule, we do not accept comments on our site. When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We do provide contact forms that collect the information that you enter. That information is used to generate an email message to our office or people in other related roles. The data is also retained on our site for customer service purposes, but we do not use the information for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share you data with anyone outside of the purpose for which you provided the data. If you provide data to be published in our newsletter or weekly bulletin, then that data can be distributed to our mailing lists and posted on our public website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have security concerns about this website, please contact us at these addresses:
web.public@bruu.org
web@bruu.org
office@bruu.org
Bull Run Unitarian Universalists
9350 Main Street
Manassas, Virginia 20110
Phone: 703-361-6269
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Section Navigation
About UsWhat is BRUU?
Congregational Covenant
What is Unitarian Universalism?
Minister – Rev Charlotte Lehmann
Music Ministry
Education Programs
Adult Life Enrichment
Adult Life Enrichment Courses & Workshops – Winter 2021
Guidelines for ALE Instructors
Religious Education Program for Children and Youth
Resources for Youth and Young Adults
Board of Directors
BRUU History
Social Justice
An LGBTQ Welcoming Congregation
A Green Sanctuary
“Crossroads” Newsletter
Sermon Archive
Videos
Inclement Weather Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact UsBull Run Unitarian Universalists
9350 Main Street
Manassas, Virginia 20110
Phone: 703-361-6269
Fax: 703-392-7995
office@bruu.org
Office Hours:
Tuesday through Friday, 9:30am–2:30pm
More contact details.
We’re Right HereBull Run Unitarian Universalists
9350 Main Street
Manassas, Virginia 20110
Sunday Service at 10:00 am
Phone: 703-361-6269
Office Hours:
Tuesday through Friday, 9:30am-2:30pm
View Larger Map