https://www.davisandceriani.com/terms-of-use-privacy.html
MENUMENUHomeThe FirmAttorneys
Valeri S. PappasEdward R. GorabScott W. WilkinsonJennifer A. TiedekenMichael P. MurrayNicholas J. LeoneJohn W. BakerGary J. CerianiNicholas A. DooherRick G. DavisMichael P. Cillo
Practice Areas
Business and Corporate LawCriminal LawEmployment LawGeneral Civil LitigationInsurance CoverageReal EstateSecurities Litigation
BlogContact UsPayment
Make a PaymentFee Structures
Website Terms of Use, Privacy, and Accessibility Statement
By accessing or using any portion of this site in any manner, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use, as well as our Privacy Policy which is incorporated in these Terms of Use by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please exit this website.
These Terms of Use may be updated or revised from time to time. Posting the revised terms on this website shall constitute proper notice.
The information on this site is provided for general informational purposes only, and not for the purpose of providing legal or tax advice or opinions regarding any specific facts or circumstances. The information contained on this site may not reflect the most current legal developments and is not guaranteed to be accurate or complete.
Sending information through this site or by e-mail, or your use of this site in any manner, will not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send sensitive or confidential information, or other information relating to a legal matter, via this website and without an executed retainer agreement in effect. Unsolicited e-mails are not binding and cannot impose deadlines or create any obligations on the part of the firm or its attorneys.
In some jurisdictions, this website may be considered advertising. The website is provided for informational purposes only, and past results are not a guarantee of a similar outcome.
All of the content of this website is copyrighted by the firm and in some instances, third party licensors. This website may not be copied or reproduced without the express written consent of the Firm
We may change, suspend, or discontinue this site, or any Content or feature on it at any time with or without notice.
If you have questions about these Terms of Use or any other matter related to this site or the services of the firm, please contact us using the contact information on the located on the contact page of this website.
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs information collected through this website. When you visit our site, we collect information sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address (which in some jurisdictions is considered to be personally identifiable information), as well as non-personally identifiable information including the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your web browser, the “referring” site from which you initially arrived at our site, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit on our site.
Our site uses common technology called “cookies,” which are small data files that are transferred to your hard drive when your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Cookies automatically identify your web browser whenever you visit our site, and may save your preferences and other information related to your use of our site. Our site may use cookies or other technologies provided by site analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us better understand how our site is used, and to help us determine which features and content on our site are most important to our visitors. To learn more about, or to opt-out of Google’s analytics and marketing services, visit Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Google Privacy Policy, or Google Analytics Opt-out. Please note: some cookies/other technologies may track your activities not only on our site, but on third party sites you visit after you leave our site, and some services may aggregate this information collected from many sites into a single profile.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, please visit your browser settings to modify security protocols.
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of all of our clients and website visitors. The firm may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
• Information that we receive from you, and
• Information learned in the course of our representation of you.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us and will not share your information with third parties outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request and the requirements of your case. We do not disclose public or non-public personal information about our clients, former clients, and/or website contacts to anyone, except as necessitated by services provided or as required by law.
If you have any questions about your personal information on file with us or wish to delete or to opt-out of any future correspondence, please contact our office.
Accessibility Statement
We strive to ensure that this website is accessible to people with disabilities. If you encounter accessibility bugs on our website, please contact us to report them. We will work to resolve reported issues in a timely manner.
1600 Stout Street
|
Suite 1710 | Denver, CO 80202
|
Tel 303-534-9000
Home
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Blog
Contact Us
Terms of Use and Privacy