http://www.dkea.ie/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE – THE DIOCESE OF KILMORE, ELPHIN AND ARDAGH
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
The Diocese of Kilmore, Elphin & Ardagh is the data controller (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
The Diocese of Kilmore, Elphin & Ardagh complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To comply with all Safeguarding Trust Regulations, including vetting, permissions and training;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the church;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of payments);
To inform you of relevant news, events, activities and services;
To retain relevant contact details in the Diocesan office so we can keep you informed about news in the diocese and events, activities and services that will be occurring in the diocese and wider Church in which you may be interested.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services, process any financial information and keep you informed about parish and diocesan events
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided:
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data[1]?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out within Irish Data Protection Legislation, details of which can be found here and in the guide “Keep or Bin: Care of Your Parish Records” which is available from the Church of England website here.
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current and relevant financial paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Diocese of Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh holds about you
The right to request that the Diocese of Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Diocese of Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh to retain such data
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable)
[Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means]
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
[Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office (UK) or Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland)
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice. The new notice will explain the new use of your personal data prior to commencing the processing. It will set out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact Sarah Taylor (Diocesan Administrator) at Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh Diocesan Office, The Rectory, Station Road, Cootehill, Co. Cavan.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office (UK) on 0303 123 1113; via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or by writing to the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
You can contact the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland) on +353 (0761) 104 800; via email info@dataprotection.ie or by writing to: The Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site and we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy, meaning that we assume you are happy with this usage. This can be changed by disabling or deleting the cookies, or using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (e.g. “Incognito Mode” in Google Chrome).
For further information on how to manage and opt-out of cookies please visit: www.aboutcookies.org
First Party Cookies:
These cookies are set by this website directly and include web analytics tools like Google Analytics which are used to collect anonymous information about how users browse the site. This cannot be used to identify personal information (e.g. name or address).
Certain cookies are deemed strictly necessary to the working of the website. For brochure sites and ecommerce sites a session cookie is necessary for remembering your log-in for you, whether you are a registered user or not or remembering what has been put in the shopping basket. If this cookie is disabled it will disrupt the functionality on the site.
Third Party Cookies:
These cookies are set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type include the social network content sharing buttons across the site (e.g. Youtube and Facebook). To facilitate the implementation of these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website which we do not control and cannot access. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
Search DKEA Website
Latest News
Advent and Christmas ideas for children and families
November 30, 2020
Church of Ireland Bishops’ Appeal Launches Mother and Child Advent Appeal
November 27, 2020
A Glimmer of Light – Bishop Ferran
November 25, 2020
Week of prayer for Schools in Ireland
November 17, 2020
Service of Prayer and Naming & Funeral Service in cases of Miscarriage, Stillbirth and Neonatal Death
November 16, 2020
16 days of Activism to end Gender based violence
November 16, 2020
Covid-19: What to do if your child is a close contact
November 12, 2020
Cavan Christian Men’s Conference – Sat 14th Nov
November 10, 2020
Categories
News & Events
Resources & Downloads
Uncategorized
What's On
Youth
Diocesan Secretary E: secretary@kilmore.anglican.org
Diocesan Administrator Mrs Sarah Taylor
E: dkeatreasurer@gmail.com
Diocesan Office 20A Market Street,
Cootehill,
co. Cavan.
T: + 353 49 5559954
F: + 353 49 5559957
E: office@kilmore.anglican.org
Mission Statement The Church of Ireland, as an authentic part of the universal church of God, is called to develop growing communities of faith, in and through which the Kingdom of God is made known, and in which the whole people serve together as followers of Jesus Christ for the good of the world to the Glory of God.
Scroll to top