http://www.pigdogs.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Friday, December 11, 2020
Drug Incidents
Parents Addiction
Drug Children Affect
Drug Law
How Another Symptom Of The Opioid Crisis Is Taking Over: Have You Heard About Patient Brokering?
2019-04-01
Young Child Exposed to Drugs in Arizona Town
2018-12-232019-01-31
Understanding the Connection Between Childhood Abuse and Drug Use Later in Life
2018-11-272019-01-31
Tragedy on New Year’s Eve, as Young Girl Loses Life in a Car Accident Linked to Drunk Driving
2018-10-302019-01-31
Who we are
Our website address is: http://pigdogs.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How Another Symptom Of The Opioid Crisis Is Taking Over: Have You Heard About Patient Brokering?
Young Child Exposed to Drugs in Arizona Town
Understanding the Connection Between Childhood Abuse and Drug Use Later in Life
Tragedy on New Year’s Eve, as Young Girl Loses Life in a Car Accident Linked to Drunk Driving
This Celebrity Says She’s Going Sober for Her Child
News Area
Drug Children Affect
Drug Incidents
Drug Law
Parents Addiction
TopicArizona Drug News
Car Accident
Celebrity Stop Drinking
Child Effect Meth
Child Exposed to Drugs
Childhood Drug Abuse
Child Tests Positive for Meth
Child Victim of Fentanyl
Drinking While Pregnant
Drug Children Affect
Drug Incidents
Drug Law
Drunk Driving
Parents Addiction
Pregnant Addiction
Stop Drink for Child
Archives
April 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018