http://www.zaltho.org/en/privacy-policy.html
WHO WE ARE
Zaltho FoundationClaude AnShin Thomas, Founder
Claude AnShin Thomas, Our founderAt Hell’s GateEssaysPoetry
Wiebke KenShin AndersenBoard of Directors and AdvisorsWhere we are Photo Gallery
WHAT WE DO
Magnolia Zen CenterEvent Calendar Veterans RetreatsHelping Professionals RetreatsFuture Plans
OUR PRACTICE
Introduction Sitting MeditationWalking MeditationDeep Listening & Mindful SpeechEating Meditation Working Meditation
PODCASTSLEARN MORE
NewslettersVideosNewsletter-ArchiveRecommended Readings
SUPPORT US
DonateMake a difference
Menu
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in the Zaltho Foundation. Data protection is of a priority for us. The use of our website is possible without any use of personal data; however, if someone wants to use special services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the person.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the european General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Zaltho Foundation. By means of this data protection declaration, we would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, the Zaltho Foundation has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone or postal mail.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Zaltho Foundation is based on the terms used by the european legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)    Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)    Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)     Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)    Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h)    Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j)      Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k)    Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
Zaltho Foundation
548 Mary Esther Cutoff NW, PMB 319
Fort Walton Beach, FL 325348
United States of America
Phone: (1) 850-582-2740
Email: info@zaltho.or
Website: www.zaltho.org
Every concerned person can address us around questions and suggestions regarding Data Protection.
2a) Processing list in accordance with Art. 30 of the Basic Data Protection Ordinance (DSGVO)
The processing directory must list and precisely describe all processes related to personal data. For the Zaltho Foundation these are in particular the following processes:
a) e-newsletter subscription (link)
Who wants to receive the e-newsletter of the Zaltho Foundation leaves a name (first name of full name) and an e-mail.
b) Entry in our list of interested parties for events
At events of the Zaltho Foundation interested parties can register in a list with full name, address, telephone number and / or e-mail. This expresses the interest to be further informed about the work of the association. These data are used exclusively for this purpose, i.e. to report on the work of the association, the purpose of the statutes and events by telephone or by e-mail / newsletter.
c) Fill in the "Contact Form” on the website (link)
People who wish to contact the Zaltho Foundation leave their name and e-mail.
d) Uploading images to the website or Facebook
Pictures of the Zaltho Foundation’s events are sometimes uploaded to the website or used for the newsletter / e-newsletter. The persons to be identified on photos have given their consent to this before publication.
e) Entry in our list of interested parties for events
At events of the Zaltho Foundation interested parties can register in a list with name, address, telephone number and / or e-mail. This expresses the interest to be further informed about the work of the foundation. This data will be used exclusively for this purpose, i.e. to report on the work of the foundation, the statutory purpose and events by e-mail / e-newsletter and sometimes by telephone.
f) Donation to the association
If you wish to make a donation via the website www.zaltho.org you must leave your e-mail address as the banking details will then be sent to you by e-mail. In the case of a donation, No. a) shall apply, (the last two points of the processing record being implied.)
In case of a donation to the foundation, the donation receipt will be sent by email or postal mail.
g) Zaltho Foundation Facebook page
We offer our interested parties the opportunity to recommend offers, products, events and reports of the Zaltho Foundation and share the posts via Facebook. For this we use social plugins from Facebook.
h) reCAPTCHA
To protect your requests via the Internet form, we use the service re-CAPTCHA of the company Google Inc. (Google).
Further explanations and details: see below (paragraphs 3 to 12).
All this requires from the Zaltho Foundation and those responsible - to handle this data responsibly and sensitively to protect the members and the foundation.
3. Cookies
The internet website of the Zaltho Foundation uses Cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an internet browser.
The Zaltho Foundation uses on its web page only one Cookie which doesn´t store any individually related data.
4. Collection of general data and information
The website of the Zaltho Foundation collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, the Zaltho Foundation does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Zaltho Foundation analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
5. Registration on our website
The concerned person has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a postal service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. The entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
6. Subscription to our newsletter
On the website of the Zaltho Foundation users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our e-newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.
The Zaltho Foundation informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a e-newsletter about its work and events. The foundation’s e-newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the e-newsletter. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for e-newsletter, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorizing to receive the e-newsletter.
During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our e-newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each e-newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the e-newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller (at the contact page) or to communicate this to the controller in a different way, e.g. via e-mail or by phone.
7. e-Newsletter-Tracking
The e-newsletter of the Zaltho Foundation contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, the Zaltho Foundation may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the e-newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the e-newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future e-newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. The Zaltho Foundation automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the e-newsletter as a revocation.
8. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Zaltho Foundation contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our organiztion, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
9. Facebook Social Plugins
We offer the possibility to recommend offers, products, actions and messages of the Zaltho Foundation via Facebook. For this we use social plugins from Facebook. These services are offered by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (Facebook). The list and the appearance of the Facebook Social Plugins can be viewed here (https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/), further general information about the Social Plugins can be found here:  (https://www.facebook.com/help/443483272359009) can be found here.
When the website is set up in the browser, the code of the social plugins is queried directly from a Facebook server by the browser and integrated into the "Zaltho Foundation" website appearing in the browser. We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data retrieved by Facebook in this context.
According to Facebook, it stores the date and time of the visit, the specific internet address where the social plugin is located and other technical data such as the IP address, browser type and operating system for a period of 90 days in order to further optimize Facebook's services. After 90 days, the data is a no-nymised so that it cannot be further associated with the user. Further information from Facebook can be found here:
(https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info)
If you are logged in to Facebook while visiting zaltho.de, Facebook can assign the visited pages to your Facebook account. By interacting with the social plugins (clicking etc.), the information generated by the interaction is transmitted to Facebook and stored there. This can be prevented by logging out of Facebook before visiting our website.
It is also possible to block social plugins from Facebook in general. For this there are extensions for the respective browser (e.g. the Facebook Blocker), which have to be installed and activated for the respective browser.
Facebook's privacy policy and other privacy settings can be found here (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation).
You can also find out more about Facebook yourself at all the links provided, as Facebook's data protection regulations are regularly updated and adapted due to the extended functionalities of the social plugins.
10. reCAPTCHA
To protect your requests via the Internet form, we use the service reCAPTCHA of the company Google Inc. (Google). The query serves to differentiate whether the input is made by a human being or whether it is misused by automated, mechanical processing. The query includes the transmission of the IP address and any other data required by Google for the service reCAPTCHA to Google. For this purpose your input will be transmitted to Google and used there. However, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of reCaptcha is not combined with other data from Google. These data are subject to the differing data protection regulations of Google. Further information on Google's data protection guidelines can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
11. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the european legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the european legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
12. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the european directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Zaltho Foundation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of Zaltho Foundation shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employee of the Zaltho Foundation will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Zaltho Foundation he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of the Zaltho Foundation will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of the Zaltho Foundation,
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The Zaltho Foundation shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If the Zaltho Foundation processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Zaltho Foundation to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Zaltho Foundation will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Zaltho Foundation for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of the Zaltho Foundation. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Zaltho Foundation shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the Zaltho Foundation.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the Zaltho Foundation.
13. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the european legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
14. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
15. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
16. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
17. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This data protection declaration has been created mainly with the help of the sample data protection declaration generator of the DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which carries out data protection audits, in cooperation with the media law firm WILDE BEUGER SOLME-CKE.
QUICK LINKS
ContactDonatePodcastsVideos
CONTACT
548 Mary Esther Cutoff, PMB 319
Fort Walton Beach, FL 32548
Telephone: 850-582-2740
© 2020 The Zaltho Foundation | Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE
Zaltho Foundation
Claude AnShin Thomas, Founder
Claude AnShin Thomas, Our founder
At Hell’s Gate
Essays
Poetry
Wiebke KenShin Andersen
Board of Directors and Advisors
Where we are
Photo Gallery
WHAT WE DO
Magnolia Zen Center
Event Calendar
Veterans Retreats
Helping Professionals Retreats
Future Plans
OUR PRACTICE
Introduction
Sitting Meditation
Walking Meditation
Deep Listening & Mindful Speech
Eating Meditation
Working Meditation
PODCASTS
LEARN MORE
Newsletters
Videos
Newsletter-Archive
Recommended Readings
SUPPORT US
Donate
Make a difference
Top