http://www.strayrescue.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We will invite you to volunteer, foster or donate.
Stray Rescue of Saint Louis receives no local, state or federal tax support, nor any United Way funding. We are able to provide our programs and services thanks to the generosity of individuals, corporations and foundations. Because we rely on donations, we will offer you the opportunity to contribute to our mission of caring for animals whenever you voluntarily submit your name, postal and/or e-mail address or phone numbers. Examples of voluntarily submitting information include (but are not limited to) making a donation and applying to adopt, volunteer or foster.
How we will use your information:
We will use your name, address, email address and/or phone number in order to:
Send information to you, such as newsletters regarding activities of Stray Rescue of Saint Louis
Request donations of you and to acknowledge donations made by you in honor of others
Keep a record of your donations made to the organization in accordance with established accounting procedures
Personal information is stored in a secure database which is accessible only to authorized personnel of Stray Rescue of Saint Louis. Name and address information is released to third-party vendors such as mail houses preparing letters on behalf of Stray Rescue of Saint Louis; this information is destroyed by these vendors after use.
Stray Rescue of Saint Louis will not sell, trade or share donors’ personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. We will only share donor information once the donor has given us specific permission.
What are cookies?
Non-personal information and data may be automatically collected when you visit our web site through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small text files a website uses to "recognize" repeat visitors, facilitate your access to and throughout our site, allow our site to track usage behavior and compile data that will allow for content improvements. In other words, Stray Rescue of Saint Louis uses cookie technology to obtain non-personal information from you in order to facilitate your visit and improve your experience within our site. Cookies are not programs that come onto your system or damage your files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to you; these numbers have no meaning outside of our site. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a procedure in most browsers which allows you to deny the cookie feature.
back to top
Privacy Policy Site by Ceregraphic
Opens in new window Opens in new window Opens in new window Opens in new window Opens in new window