http://www.evelorgen.com/wp/privacy-policy/
Skip to main contentHomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyRevised: May 4, 2020Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at PATCH (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at elorgen@gmail.com.When you visit our website evelorgen.com and alienlovebite.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our website (such as evelorgen.com and alienlovebite.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the “Services“).Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.TABLE OF CONTENTS1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we collect on this Site includes:Personal InformationPersonal identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email address, telephone number, demographic information, interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to register with certain activities related to the Site, (ie the SAT Self Assessment Form. This is private and not shared with anyone other than coach and client). You are under no obligation to provide us with any personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so
may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.Derivative DataInformation our servers automatically collect when you access the Site such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times and the pages you have viewed directly before and after using the Site.Financial DataFinancial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site [or our mobile application]. [We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor, PayPal, and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.]Facebook Permissions  The Site may by default access your Facebook basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, checkins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference page.Data From Social Networks User information from social networking sites, such as [Apple’s Game Center, Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter], including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks.Mobile Device Data Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device.Third-Party Data Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and  grant the Site permission to access this information. Parties such as:– hosting provider (siteground.com)– email provider (gmail.com)– email marketing (mailchimp.com)– ecommerce (paypal.com)Bank of America for Checks or Money Orders (bankofamerica.com)shipper (usps.com), (ups.com), (fedex.com)Verizon (verizon.com)AT&T (att.com)Skype (skype.com)Zoom ( zoom.us)2.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?Use of Your InformationHaving accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience.  Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site.In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.We use the information we collect or receive: Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoena.Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties. Create and manage your account.Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Site [and our mobile application] to you. Email you regarding your account or order.Enable user-to-user communications.Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the Site [and our mobile application].Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Site [and our mobile application] more personalized.Increase the efficiency and operation of the Site [and our mobile application].Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site [and our mobile application].Notify you of updates to the Site [and our mobile application]s.Offer new products, services, [mobile applications,] and/or recommendations to you.Perform other business activities as needed.Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.Process payments and refunds.Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site [and our mobile application] . Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.Respond to product and customer service requests.Send you a newsletter. Solicit support for the Site.To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy evelorgen/wp/cookie-policy/. Do We Transfer Information Internationally?We and our servers and third-parties are in the United States. When shipping internationally (ie, book orders) the addresses will be shared across those borders where shipped.5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. One year. (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at elorgen@gmail.com.8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at elorgen@gmail.com.Account InformationIf you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:Log into your account settings and update your user account.unsubscribe from newsletterUpon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Services visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may:Access your account settings and update preferences.opt out by not signing up for newsletter9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURESMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at elorgen@gmail.com or by post to: PATCH  15 Regal Knolls Dr. Mills River, NC 28759
United StatesHOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here. We will respond to your request within 30 days.This privacy policy was created and edited using Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.