https://www.paulsonandnace.com/practice-areas/violations-of-consumer-privacy-rights/
Skip to content
What Are the Penalties for Violations of Consumer Privacy Rights?
Helping clients throughout Washington, D.C. when their rights have been violated
Personal privacy is something that most people hold dear. In Washington, D.C, the D.C. Code protects citizens who have been victims of privacy breaches by allowing individuals, non-profits and special interest organizations to seek damages and injunctive relief when violations of privacy laws publicly expose their private information.
At the law firm of Paulson & Nace, PLLC, we focus on seeking justice for our clients in the form of compensation for the violation of their privacy. A privacy violation can result in significant public humiliation and embarrassment. It can lead to the loss of employment, housing and negatively impact personal and professional relationships. Our work is to seek justice on your behalf and hold the responsible parties accountable.
What are some examples of privacy policy violations?
Privacy violations can range from accidental data breaches (as in the case of a major hacking incident), to the failure to follow internal established privacy and security processes, to a willful and malicious violation with a harmful intent. In Washington, D.C. there are laws in place regarding:
Contents of personal emails
Private photographs and videos
Disclosure of personally identifiable information (PII)
Videotaping of surveillance videos in dressing rooms, salons and spas
Disclosure of medical history or information
Disclosure of prescription information and treatment
But there are also laws in place to protect the data that is compiled on you through websites and in brick-and-mortar buildings, too. Thus, Netflix cannot release data regarding which package you purchased nor your viewing habits under the Video Privacy Protection Act, just as your bank cannot release how often you make deposits nor how much money you take out each week.
When it comes to your private information with regard to your phone and cable services, you are also protected. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the Cable Communications Policy Act regulate how phone companies and cable companies safeguard your private information or Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI). The law is enforced by the FCC, and companies face large financial penalties and fines if they violate the Acts.
Let Paulson & Nace help
Consumer protection, particularly violations of the laws governing citizens’ right to privacy, can be incredibly challenging. We handle complex consumer protection and privacy violation claims involving violations of the:
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA)
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) Violations
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Gramm-Leach-Bliley (GLBA)
CAN-SPAM (Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003)
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Violations of Privacy Policy
If you have been a victim of a privacy violation, the legal team at Paulson & Nace is ready to help you pursue the remedies available to you. We represent clients in cases of invasion of privacy, misappropriation of name, likeness and image, public disclosure of private facts, internet privacy violations and any other type of privacy violation. Our Washington, D.C.-based attorneys have been protecting the rights and futures of victims for nearly 40 years, and we are prepared to put that experience to work for you.
Help when your privacy has been violated
At Paulson & Nace, PLLC, we treat people with respect and we treat cases with discretion. If your privacy has been violated in any way, it is time to learn your rights from a skilled Washington, D.C. consumer protection attorney. Please call 202-463-1999 or filling out our contact form to learn more about your rights.
Consumer Protection ResourcesConsumer Protection
Data Breaches
Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practice Act Violations
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) Violations
False Advertising
Food and Supplement False Labeling
Violations of Consumer Privacy Rights
Fair Credit Reporting Act Violations
CAN-SPAM Violations
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Violations
Gramm-Leach-Bliley (GLBA) Violations
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) Violations
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Violations
Violations of Privacy Policy
Verdicts & Settlements
Hudson v. Crisler
Wrongful death following bypass surgery. The case liberalized malpractice law in Virginia.
Bond v. Potomac Associates
Wrongful death of West Virginia man for improper treatment of pancreatitis.
Havner v. Merrell Dow
$37 million verdict in drug liability case involving birth defects from mother’s use of a prescription drug.
Wang v. Washington Hospital Center
$600,000 verdict.
Wiley v. General Motors
Represented a plaintiff who became paralyzed in a car accident as a result of a defective seatbelt. After six weeks...
The News RoomThe Considerable Impact of Birth Injuries on Your FamilyDecember 9th, 2020Six of the Worst Medical Device Recalls of 2020December 2nd, 2020
Contact Law Firm
Free, No-Obligation Case Review:
**
*****Briefly describe your legal issue**How do you prefer we contact you?*PhoneEmailNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.