http://www.finance.gov.au/government/financial-reporting-accounting-policy/financial-statements-better-practice-guide/4-planning-year-end-financial-statements
4. Planning for year-end financial statements | Department of Finance
Skip to main content
Secondary Menu
Latest news
Events & training
Newsletters
Contact us
Policy and Legislation
Toggle menu
Main navigation
Government
Business
Individuals
Publications
About us
Home
Government
Financial Reporting And Accounting Policy
Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
4. Planning for year-end financial statements
4. Planning for year-end financial statements
Effective project management underpins successful financial statements preparation processes. The primary aim is to achieve a quality work outcome within given timeframes and resource limits. It encompasses planning, control, monitoring and coordination.
Devoting sufficient time at the beginning of the project to fully consider financial reporting requirements, stakeholders’ expectations, team resourcing, opportunities and risks, will:
ensure all parties have a consistent understanding of the project parameters
set an agreed approach that the finance team can then follow, and
help individual staff members and stakeholders to plan for their role in the project.
The project plan should, to the extent possible, incorporate all aspects of financial reporting for both internal and external purposes.
As the financial statements project recurs annually, the prior year’s project plan may be a useful base-document for the planning process—noting that it would need to be carefully scrutinised and amended to reflect the scope of work, governance arrangements, timeframes, risks and personnel etc. for the current year. In this way, project plans could continuously build from the experience of prior years, taking account of processes that worked well in the past, and those that could be improved.
Most importantly, the plan should clearly assign individual responsibilities and indicate key timelines for carrying out and completing each task.
4.1 Undertaking effective planning
The preparation of an entity’s annual financial statements is a significant project for most entities, due to factors such as:
the complexity of the applicable financial reporting framework
the nature of assets and liabilities managed by the entity
the need for suitably skilled and experienced finance staff
the operation of multiple business information systems
the devolution of financial responsibility
shared services arrangements, and
the reporting deadlines required by the accountable authority, the Government and the Parliament.
The planning and preparation of financial statements involves a range of managerial and technical tasks and considerations, many of them inter-related and requiring a wide range of knowledge, skills and experience.
The process requires careful and timely planning, disciplined and structured consideration of a range of technical issues, coupled with a regime of review and quality assurance.
4 .1.1 Appointment of the project manager
Careful consideration should be given to the appointment of a project manager (this is often a senior officer or leader/manager of the financial statements team). The project manager is responsible for planning and day-to-day oversight of the whole financial statements process and for ensuring that allocated tasks are completed on time and to a high standard.
Ideally, the project manager/team leader would have:
appropriate experience and technical expertise
sufficient authority to achieve results, and
interpersonal skills to manage stakeholder relationships and allocate suitable work to the finance team.
In appointing the project manager/team leader, the CFO should also consider issues such as, the experience and skills of the finance team, their own availability to support the project manager, the complexity of tasks and existing relationships with business areas.
If tasks are particularly complex, the project manager role may be shared between the CFO and/or another senior member of the finance team.
Noting that the project manager is likely to also have significant line area responsibilities, it may be beneficial to allocate responsibility for maintenance of project documents (such as the project plan, schedule, risk register and the register of lessons learned) to a member of the finance team. This will enable the project manager/team leader to focus on project development and control activities, including engagement with key stakeholders, without getting bogged down in day-to-day administrative tasks.
4.1.2 When project planning should start
As a general rule, as one financial statements project is completed, planning and scheduling for the next should commence. This will help the CFO, the project manager and finance team to transfer the learnings from one process into the next.
The plan and project schedule (and other project documents) are living documents that should be regularly reviewed and refreshed to reflect significant events that may affect the plan, such as the receipt of:
updated rules and guidance
the Commonwealth Financial Statements Preparation Guide and PRIMA Forms
the receipt of the ANAO’s audit strategy for the entity, and
entity changes or decisions to change the planning approach to the project.
4.1.3 Documenting the project plan
The planning process does not need to be onerous and documentation does not need to be overly complex. Before documenting the project plan, clarify whether the CFO, the audit committee or other senior officers have specific requirements for the structure, content and the level of documentation required.
Many entities may have a project management framework that includes pro forma templates for project planning. If so, these may provide a structured approach for considering the various dimensions of the project. The project plans should outline, at a minimum, the factors that can affect the preparation process:
the scope of work, including:
financial reporting requirements
activities required for setting and applying materiality
activities required for a ‘hard close’ or ‘soft close’ process. More information is available at: 7.3.1 Deciding on a hard or soft close process.
team resourcing, recruitment and any procurement requirements
project risks and dependencies
stakeholders and communication/reporting arrangements
FMIS or other systems issues to be managed, and
quality assurance activities.
4.2 Planning the scope of work
The planning process should begin with clarifying the scope of work to be managed for preparing the financial statements. Scope planning includes preparing detailed project documentation that captures and defines all the work that must be done as part of the project. A well-written scope statement clearly defines the boundaries of a project.
The process of defining the scope of work will also assist the project manager in identifying those activities that contribute to the production of the financial statements but are to be managed by other parties. This information will be helpful for planning the management of dependencies, stakeholder engagement and communication.
At this early stage, it is also wise to confirm any governance structures that may be planned to oversee, guide or influence the project. For example, will there be a financial statements sub-committee, a steering committee and/or a stakeholder working group?
4.2.1 Establishing the entity’s financial reporting requirements
It is important to establish the financial reporting requirements that apply to the entity at the beginning of the project. However, the project manager must also remain alert to changes that may arise and adjust the scope of work accordingly, to ensure the financial statements meet the reporting requirements that apply at year-end.
This is covered in detail at: 3.1 Knowing the applicable legislation and requirements.
4.2.2 Taking account of the prior-year’s learnings
Learning from past experiences is an important input to project planning. It provides the opportunity to develop better ways of doing things and to implement continuous improvement. Some key things to consider when reviewing past experiences:
What practices and processes worked well and can these be replicated?
What processes took longer than originally expected?
Was additional documentation required for the CFS?
What did the auditors focus on (both internal and external)?
Were there any audit findings, qualifications, recommendations or repeat issues and what is the status of these?
4.2.3 Clarify expectations for activities required before year-end
Better-practice entities review their year-end processes and identify tasks that are able to be completed prior to year-end. This may include:
conducting a hard or soft close process
deciding on the need for actuarial and other valuations well before year-end and completing as many of those valuations as possible prior to year-end
obtaining early management approval for key accounting policies
calculating balances where it is expected that there will be no major changes between the date of calculation and year-end e.g. depreciation, valuations, commitments, lease liabilities and loans, and
determining the accounting implications of any organisational changes prior to their implementation.
This is covered in detail at: 7. Development processes and procedures.
4.2.4 Identifying stakeholders and project dependencies
There are a lot of people involved in preparing the financial statements. There are also many dependencies, where the finance team must receive information from, or give information to another person, business area or stakeholder to keep the project on track.
A stakeholder is either an individual, group or organisation who is impacted by the outcome of a project. Stakeholders can have a positive or negative influence on the project.
It is therefore important to work collaboratively with stakeholders and foster two-way communication. In the planning process the project manager and finance team needs to consider how these relationships will be managed.
This may include working with the entity’s business areas and/or share services hubs. More information is included at: 7.9 Shared services.
4.2.5 Planning for stakeholder engagement
Better-practice entities organise and structure their year-end activities in a way that encourages ongoing engagement, communication and sharing of accountability between the business areas and the finance team.
In planning the project, considerations should include the need for:
regular communication through meetings during the year to brief business areas on the latest developments in accounts processing and requirements
training seminars held prior to the distribution of information packs
policies and procedures being kept up-to-date and accessible
hotline assistance and advice on accounting matters
prompt feedback to business areas so that errors are corrected by the originators of transactions in the business areas
rotating staff members between the finance team and the business areas, and
suggestions for continuous improvement are sought from business areas.
There should also be ongoing dialogue with Finance and the ANAO on new or revised reporting requirements, opportunities to improve the effectiveness of financial reporting, and with the ANAO on the implementation of any audit recommendations. These matters should first be discussed with the audit committee and the ANAO during the planning phase of the financial statements preparation process.
4.2.6 Resources
Resource name
Resource description
Template: Lessons learned tracking sheet
This template assists in the tracking of lessons learned from previous years and implementing related proposed solutions.
Template: Schedule of activities
A schedule of activities outlines the activities to be completed in the preparation process.
Example: Financial statements reporting timetable
A summary timetable to set out key financial reporting dates in a form that is easily consumable by key stakeholders.
4.3 Assessing the maturity of financial statement processes
Assessing and understanding business arrangements enables entities to assess the maturity of their approach to financial statement preparation, and therefore identify areas for improvement in future years.
In the context of this guide, the maturity of the entity’s financial statements processes refers to making a judgement on the adequacy of the entity’s current financial governance, processes and systems to support the preparation of high-quality annual financial statements on time.
The appropriate level of maturity for one entity may vary considerably to another, depending on the entity’s legal status, size, complexity and whether it is categorised as either material or non-material.
4.3.1 Basic ratings for assessing financial statements maturity
Undertaking an assessment of the entity’s financial statements maturity enables entities to identify areas of strength and areas for further development. The assessment may also support the identification of project risks and risk treatments.
In order to undertake an assessment, it is helpful to establish a matrix setting out maturity rating levels such as:
Developing —partial accrual financial reports are produced; financial statements are completed by the due date, mostly through individual initiative and commitment
Mature —there is management commitment to ongoing financial management, and to the preparation of accurate and timely financial statements, and
Better-practice —there is a strong commitment to financial management practices at all levels underpinning the timely preparation of high quality financial statements.
4.3.2 Areas to consider for assessing current process maturity
Key questions for assessing the maturity of financial statement arrangements could include:
What emphasis do the board and/or the executive team place on both their own responsibility and a culture of collective responsibility for financial matters?
What is the current level of financial management capability of the:
accountable authority
audit committee
finance committee
finance team, and
business areas and other staff working outside finance?
What training and continuous professional development in financial management is provided to staff both within and outside the finance team?
What is the quality of the FMIS, including the transactional processing systems?
How do the systems of internal control, governance arrangements and risk management processes operate to support the financial statements process?
What is the quality, accuracy and timeliness of the organisation’s financial management and forecasting information, including information on income, expenditure, cash flow, and working capital?
How are the reports of financial and performance information tailored to the needs of the user, both internal and external?
How timely are the reports that are presented to internal and external users?
How open, clear and concise are reports for internal and external users?
How well-defined are the processes?
Are the processes being followed?
Are they difficult to complete?
Are they measured?
Are all the steps relevant and effective?
How regularly are processes reviewed?
4.3.3 Linking maturity assessment with risk management
Better-practice entities would then conduct a risk assessment of the areas/processes assessed for maturity using their risk management framework.
As the inherent risk of a process rises (i.e. high/extreme rating) generally there would be a greater need for entities to ensure that these processes have a high-level of maturity or have strategies in place to improve the maturity level within a reasonable timeframe.
The risk assessment can then be used by the project management as a platform for conversations with senior officials on whether the current level of process maturity is appropriate to the organisation.
4.4 Planning for the management of project risks
The project manager and finance team members will find that they are managing emerging risks and issues on a daily basis.
The Commonwealth Risk Management Policy supports the PGPA Act, which requires accountable authorities of entities to establish and maintain appropriate systems and internal controls for the oversight and management of risk.
Where possible, the entity’s risk management framework should be used for undertaking the risk assessment. This is likely to result in the risk ratings and treatment plan being prepared in a manner and format that is consistent with other risk assessments reviewed by the audit committee, the CFO or other senior officers.
4.4.1 Prioritising development activities to mitigate risks
Some entities find that a useful starting point for determining the most efficient and effective approach to the preparation of financial statements, is the conduct of a risk analysis of each financial statements item and the accompanying note.
This approach can:
identify data sources and tasks required for the item
assist in the allocation of resources to the items of highest risk and identifying the timing of the required work
provide a framework for the identification, documentation and review of the controls that exist in managing risks of misstatement in the financial statements, and
identify areas where controls can be strengthened.
As the management of risks is an on-going process until the financial statements are signed, the initial risk analysis should be included as an agenda item for audit committee meetings, and updated as unforeseen events arise during the financial statements process.
4.4.2 Managing project delivery risks
The project risk analysis will contribute to developing risk treatment activities, which should then be detailed in the project plan and schedule. The degree of formality and rigour of the risk assessment will depend on a number of factors including the overall complexity of the entity and financial statements, the maturity of an entity’s financial statements processes and the level of reporting risk the entity is prepared to accept.
Examples of risks that may affect the preparation of financial statements include:
insufficient appropriately skilled resources —a lack of appropriately trained personnel will hinder an entity’s ability to properly perform its financial management and reporting responsibilities
incorrect recording & non-recording of transactions
—errors in recordkeeping are likely to result in misclassification of financial statements items and posting of amounts to incorrect reporting periods. This could be caused by an unsuitable FMIS
restructures —restructures resulting from internal or external events may be accompanied by staff changes or other changes that affect an entity’s risks or internal controls. The transfer of assets and liabilities may also result from a MoG change or other government decision. These changes may significantly impact on an entity’s financial statement preparation process
fraudulent activity —the availability, and extensive use, of information and communication technologies has resulted in increased opportunities for fraud, including intentional misstatements, such as omissions of amounts or disclosures, intended to deceive or mislead users of the financial statements. This could be caused by an unsuitable FMIS, and
lack of timely reporting of information —delays in financial reporting may mean that reported information is out-of-date and of little value to users.
4.4.3 Resources
Resource name
Resource description
Commonwealth Risk Management Policy
Provides the requirements of section 16 of the PGPA Act for systems and internal controls to manage risk.
PGPA Act
This online resource links sections of the PGPA Act to related rules and guidance.
4.5 Planning to have the right skills at the right time
The effective management of staff, skills and expertise is a critical component for development of the financial statements. It is important that the finance team collectively possesses the appropriate skills and knowledge required to prepare the financial statements. This will largely be achieved through sound workforce planning, recruitment, on-going training, and keeping abreast of accounting developments.
Addressing resource shortfalls may include:
recruiting or contracting staff with the skills, experience or expertise needed
arranging additional training for staff (including for use of the FMIS), and/or
eliminating or modifying roles or tasks by reprioritisation or re-engineering of processes.
As staff engagement and on-boarding processes can take some time, it is wise to plan for succession arrangements in the event of the loss of key project personnel.
4.5.1 Defining and assigning key project roles
Early assignment and clarification of key project roles is important, including:
project manager —responsible for planning, monitoring and implementing the project
audit liaison officer —a central point of contact for all internal audit and ANAO matters and responsible for analysing the impact of audit findings and recommendations on the entity’s financial statements
business area relationship manager/s —responsible for managing relationships with business managers and their staff
technical specialists —responsible for particular technical or specialist aspects, and
quality assurance reviewers —responsible for assuring the quality of the financial statements working papers, and the financial statements as a whole.
Team members may have more than one role, and roles can be filled by more than one team member, depending on the size and complexity of the entity. Allocation of responsibilities should be flexible enough to enable team members to assist in other roles where required.
4.5.2 Business managers and their staff
Business managers and their staff also play an important role. They typically manage day-to-day accounting activities and most of an entity’s assets and liabilities. Their primary responsibility is ensuring that reported information is accurate, timely and internal controls are effectively applied. Other responsibilities can include:
processing transactions in financial management information systems
providing financial and non-financial information in the format and by the timeframes requested by the CFO, and
maintaining complete and accurate documentation to substantiate all transactions for their areas of responsibility for review, if required, by entity management and audit.
4.5.3 Identifying activities where exper tise may be required
A common feature of financial statements preparation is the need to obtain specialist expertise and knowledge to provide reports, opinions, valuations or statements to assist entities in determining certain financial statements items at year-end. Examples of activities where independent expert assistance is often used include:
valuations of PPE and intangible assets
actuarial assessments of superannuation, long service leave liabilities and impairment allowances
measurement of work completed or work in progress on construction contracts
advice on the treatment of specialised accounting matters, or
legal opinions on legislation, legislative instruments or agreements.
4.5.4 Considering the need to engage an expert
When determining the need to engage an expert, management would generally consider:
whether the knowledge and expertise is available in-house
the benefits and cost involved
the risk of material errors based on the nature, complexity and materiality of the subject matter
the timing of the expert’s involvement during the various phases of the financial statements, and
availability of accurate and reliable data and information.
More information on engaging experts is provided at: 7.10 Sourcing experts.
4.6 Planning for the application of materiality
The project manager, CFO and finance team should also plan for the application of materiality in the preparation of the financial statements, with a view to improving the effectiveness of financial reporting, particularly the overall relevance and readability of the financial statements.
More information on materiality, when and how it is applied is provided at: 7.2 The application of materiality.
4.7 Planning for the presentation of the statements
It is wise to plan for document management arrangements early in the project as delays may result if, for example, key working papers are misplaced or lost during the process.
Issues such as safe custody, distribution, retention, storage and confidentiality including backup of electronic documents, should be documented and understood by relevant staff members.
4.7.1 The entity’s financial statements model
There are many different approaches to the assembly of the financial statements, but most entities use a model to bring together the information from the FMIS into a publishable format. It is wise to consider the entity’s model and what this means for project activities.
More advanced models allow a trial balance to be imported from your FMIS, and automatically populate with the different notes before summarising them in the ‘face statements’ to ensure consistency.
4.7.2 Must a pro forma approach be developed?
Each entity needs to make judgements on the appropriateness of their disclosures based on the accounting and reporting framework, taking into account, primarily, the information needs of users, especially the Parliament. Some entities decide to follow pro forma approaches, particularly if this minimises the likelihood of lengthy debates.
A review of the format of the financial statements need not wait until year-end. It could, for example, be undertaken in the middle of the financial year, allowing time to consider various options and seek feedback from the ANAO, the audit committee and Finance with the aim of reaching consensus on the approach proposed.
Early feedback would be useful for the entity in deciding whether particular disclosures are useful to users.
Applying the above approaches will involve some time, effort and judgement. Improving the presentation of the financial statements does not automatically reduce the preparation time for financial statements.
Presentation of the financial statements is covered in AASB 101 and at: 8. Structuring the financial statements.
4.7.3 Automated consistency and validation checks
More sophisticated models have the ability to track changes made by users. If that is not a facility within your model, the use of a log is better practice as it allows records to be kept of changes to the document.
4.7.4 Managing version control for the financial statements
The task of checking that appropriate document security requirements are in place and setting up the file structure for the project, should be assigned to an appropriate finance team member in the early stages of the project.
Version control allows tracking and identification of the financial statements model throughout the project. This is important as it allows the development of the document to be followed and understood, and reversion if something goes wrong.
4.7.5 Resources
Resource name
Resource description
Example: Internal consistency checks
This spreadsheet provides examples of the consistency checks that agencies should consider including.
AASB 101
The AASB standard that prescribes the basis for presentation of general purpose financial statements including guidelines for their structure and minimum requirements for their content.
4.8 Planning for the use of information systems
4.8.1 The Financial Management Information System
Sound understanding of the FMIS, any other systems and their capabilities can make the financial statements planning process more effective. For example, conducting quality assurance checks, producing reports and processing correcting journals can be performed more efficiently if the finance team understands the systems from which information is sourced.
At the planning stage, the project manager and other members of the finance team should obtain assurance that the FMIS is reliable and technical support is available. Peak workloads and deadlines should be communicated to the entity’s ICT area. This minimises the risk of delays due to scheduled maintenance and system upgrades.
4.8.2 Training for effective and efficient use of systems
Once the project manager has established the systems to be used, consideration should be given to whether the project team (or key staff in business areas) have sufficient knowledge and experience in using the systems for their role in preparing the financial statements.
Consider whether some staff may benefit from ICT systems training or coaching, such as for the processing of journals, running reports or transferring systems data into the financial statements model.
In the later stages of the process, agencies should rely on a single person (or a small group) to make required changes to the model, as this reduces the risk of version control errors.
A well-designed financial statements model will have inbuilt internal consistency checks that allows easy confirmation that all the notes and face statements are consistent across the document.
4.9 Planning for quality assurance processes
4.9.1 Defining and assigning quality assurance activities
The primary focus of quality assurance arrangements for the financial statements should be heightened in areas that are material and/or where the risk of error or misstatement is the highest. The degree of focus on the assurance process should be in proportion to the risk of error or misstatement.
Responsibility for quality assurance arrangements should be clearly articulated in relevant planning documentation and priority given to adherence to the arrangements and documentation requirements.
Officers with responsibility for this work should be experienced finance officers who are able to apply a level of objectivity and independence to maximise its effectiveness. They should be aware of the possibility of misstatement due to unintentional or deliberate errors or fraud. This may include identifying unusual circumstances, inappropriate assumptions or information that contradicts other supporting evidence.
4.9.2 Management sign-off processes
Management sign-offs are designed to provide assurance to the accountable authority, through the CFO, on the quality of the entity’s financial statements. The content and form of management sign-offs should be agreed as part of the planning process and be communicated at an early date to all relevant entity managers.
It is customary for such sign-offs to be provided to the audit committee to assist the committee in its review of the financial statements.
More information on quality assurance processes is provided at: 9. Quality assurance and certifications.
4.9.3 Performance indicators for assurance processes
Better-practice entities develop performance measures for key elements of the financial statements development process. When planning for financial statements assurance processes, the project manager should consider:
any existing quality assurance performance indicators that may be applied
if the CFO requires quality assurance performance indicators to be established, and/or
possible mechanisms to measure assurance arrangements, in the interest of continuous improvement.
Did you find this content useful?
Your comments (if any)
Page
Submit
On this page...
Contact
Accounting Policy
Content Focus
Audience
Government
Topic
Accounting Policy
Financial Reporting
Updated: 03 February 2020
Footer
Accessibility
Contact us
Copyright
Disclaimer
Information Publication Scheme
Privacy
© Commonwealth of Australia 2020
ABN 61970 632 495
Government
Advertising
AusTender reporting requirements
Campaign Advertising Supplier Register
Campaign Evaluation
Central Advertising System
Contact Details - Advertising
Frequently Asked Questions - Advertising
Guidelines on Information and Advertising Campaigns by non-corporate Commonwealth entities
Indigenous Audience Research
Online Management System – UM Central
Recruitment Advertising Policy (RMG 408)
Role of Finance
Types of advertising
White Pages Advertising Guidance
Assurance Reviews and Risk Assessment
Assurance Reviews Process Overview
Becoming a Private Sector Reviewer
Becoming a Public Sector Reviewer
Gateway Reviews Process
ICT Investment Approval Process
ICT Investment Approval Process - Frequently asked questions
ICT Investment Approval Process - Text Descriptions
Implementation Readiness Assessment (IRA)
Lessons Learned - Gateway Reviews
Gateway Reviews Process - Lessons Learned - Second Edition
Questions & Answers For Review Team Members on the Assurance Reviews Process
Questions & Answers: For Senior Responsible Officials on the Assurance Reviews Process
Australian Government Investment Funds
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Land and Sea Future Fund
Clean Energy Finance Corporation
DisabilityCare Australia Fund
Future Drought Fund
Future Fund
Governance - Investment Funds
Future Fund Board of Guardians
Future Fund Management Agency
International Forum of Sovereign Wealth Funds
Investment Fund Principles
Medical Research Future Fund
Nation-building Funds
Regional Investment Corporation
Comcover
About Comcover
Advice Circulars to Fund Member Agencies
Claims Management
Background information about the Cornwell superannuation case
Claim Forms - Comcover
Claims
Education
Building Risk Management Capability
Embedding an active risk culture Part 2: The benefits of an active risk culture
Embedding an active risk culture
Organisational Resilience in a Crisis
Risk Management in a Crisis
Risk appetite and tolerance
Insurance
Comcover - expired policies
Frequently asked questions - insurance
Indemnity and Insurance Clauses in Commonwealth Contracts
Information Bulletins - Insurance
Insurance Broking
Overseas Medical and Travel Assistance
Risk Services / Management
Awards for Excellence
2018 Awards for Excellence
2019 Awards for Excellence
Benchmarking Program
Comcover Dispute Resolution
Risk resources
The Commonwealth Risk Management Policy
Commonwealth grants
Additional information
Approving a grant
Commonwealth Grants Policy Framework
Commonwealth Grants Rules and Guidelines
Grant reporting
Grants News
Grants administration FAQs
Grants connected policies
Publishing a grant
Tools and templates
Decision tree for selecting a grant opportunity template
Contacts
Digital Records Transformation Initiative
Australian Government Records Interoperability Framework
Digital Records Investment Alignment Process
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase A. Problem Definition
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase B. Sourcing
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase C. Retrospective
Sourcing Strategy Framework
Federal Budget
Central Budget Management System (CBMS)
CBMS Access
CBMS Data Management – Reference Data Set
CBMS Training
Parliamentary Budget Office
The Budget Process
Financial reporting and accounting policy
Chief Finance Officer (CFO) stewardship forum
Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
1. Introduction
10. Foundations for a smooth external audit process
11. Including financial statements in annual reports
12. Project closure
13. Guidance and support
14. Appendices
2. Framework for preparing financial statements
3. Knowing your entity’s business
4. Planning for year-end financial statements
5. Preparing a schedule of activities and tasks
6. Actioning and monitoring the plan
7. Development processes and procedures – Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
8. Structuring the financial statements – Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
9. Quality assurance and certifications
Financial reporting for Commonwealth entities
Frequently Asked Questions – Accounting Impacts of COVID-19 and related matters
Guide to classifying payments to other levels of government for specific purposes and Commonwealth own-purpose expenses
Overview of Commonwealth financial reporting
Functional reporting
Description of functions and sub-functions
Government Finance Statistics
Major fiscal
Technical accounting policy and guidance
Governance
Commonwealth Contracting Suite – Privacy Statement
Managing Commonwealth Resources
Annual performance statements for Commonwealth entities (RMG 134)
Annual report for corporate Commonwealth entities (RMG 136)
Annual report for non-corporate Commonwealth entities (RMG 135)
Annual reports for Commonwealth companies (RMG 137)
Australian Government Grants – Briefing, Reporting, Evaluating and Election Commitments (RMG 412)
Clarification of the terms ‘Audit’ and ‘Assurance’ (RMG 210)
Commonwealth companies Executive Remuneration Reporting Guide for Annual Reports (RMG 139)
Commonwealth entities Executive Remuneration Reporting Guide for Annual Reports (RMG 138)
Corporate plans for Commonwealth entities (RMG 132)
Developing good performance information (RMG 131)
General duties of officials (RMG 203)
Implementing the Commonwealth Risk Management Policy (RMG 211)
Learning and support
eLearning and training modules
Managing money & property
Managing Money
Annual Appropriations
Portfolio Budget Statements
Australian Government Charging Framework
Charging Activities
Charging for commercial activities
Charging for regulatory activities (Cost Recovery)
Charging for resource activities
Portfolio Charging Reviews
Portfolio Charging Reviews
The Charging Framework
The Charging Framework
Banking Money
Borrowing
Collecting revenue or money
Entering arrangements and committing relevant money
Indemnities
Investment by Commonwealth Entities
Making a payment of an amount owed to a person at time of death
Managing Debt
Other CRF Money
Receiving money
Spending money
Managing risk & internal accountability
Duties
Duties
Duties of Accountable Authorities
Officials
Risk & Internal Controls
Accountable Authority Instructions (AAIs) - RMG 206
Audit committees
How to set-up and manage an audit committee
Information for audit committee members
Joint Committee of Public Accounts and Audit - Responding to Parliamentary Committee Reports
Prescribing officials
Reporting Non-compliance
Foreign exchange risk management
Notification of significant non-compliance with the finance law (RMG 214)
PGPA Legislation
Planning and reporting
Annual Reporting
Commonwealth Performance Framework
Measuring
Planning
Reporting
Prescribing officials (RMG 212)
Preventing, detecting and dealing with fraud (RMG 201)
The banking of cash by Commonwealth entities (RMG 413)
Structure of the Australian Government Public Sector
Commonwealth Governance Structures Policy (Governance Policy)
Further information on the key requirements of the Governance Policy
Australian Government Organisations Register
Australian Government Organisations Register - Guide to Fields
Australian Government Organisations Register - Types of Bodies
Register of movements list
Spreadsheet of bodies
Summary of Key Statistics
Commonwealth Governance Structures Policy (Governance Policy)
Creating a new government body
PGPA Act Flipchart and List
Reviewing an existing government body
Types of Australian Government Bodies
Ministerial and Parliamentary Services
Procurement
Buying for the Australian Government
Accountability and Transparency
Assessing Financial Viability
Confidentiality Throughout the Procurement Cycle
Contract Characteristics
Contract Issues
Contracts End Dates
Contracts and Entity Agreements
Cooperative Agency Procurement
Ethics and Probity in Procurement
Exemptions from Division Two
Handling Complaints
Incorporating Sustainability
Panel Arrangements
Policy Framework
Procurement Connected Policies
Procurement Practice
Procurement Process Considerations
Providing Feedback
Reporting Requirements
Third Party Procurement
Transparency in Commonwealth Government Procurement
COVID-19 – Procurement Policy Note
Commonwealth Contracting Suite (CCS)
Commonwealth Contracting Suite - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Commonwealth Procurement Awards for Excellence
2019 Commonwealth Procurement Awards for Excellence – Recipients
Commonwealth Procurement Rules
Accountability and Transparency
Additional Rules
Appendix A: Exemptions
Appendix B: Definitions
Efficient, Effective, Economical and Ethical Procurement
Encouraging Competition
Foreword
How to Use the Commonwealth Procurement Rules
Procurement Framework
Procurement Method
Procurement Risk
Value for Money
Contract Management Guide
Enterprise Resource Planning Software as a Service
Major Office Machines
Procurement Coordinator
Procurement complaints
Statistics on Australian Government Procurement Contracts
The Stationery and Office Supplies (SOS II) Panel
Vehicle Leasing & Fleet Management
Fleet Vehicle Selection Policy
Insurance Risk Management
Roles and Responsibilities - AGF, Entity Fleet Managers and sgfleet
Whole of Australian Government Procurement - Buying
Whole-of-Government Procurement Contracts, Arrangements and Initiatives
Property and Construction
Barton Development Site
Capital Works Projects
Commonwealth Land Holdings
Commonwealth Property Disposal Policy
Commonwealth Property Management Framework
About the Commonwealth Property Management Framework
Budgeting and Funding
Capital Works
Glossary
Leasing
Managing
Ownership and Disposals
Planning
Reporting
Resources
Land Acquisition and Disposals
Lands Acquisition Act 1989 (LAA)
Leased office accommodation
Australian Government Office Occupancy Report
Property Services Coordinated Procurement
Property Services Coordinated Procurement
Public Works Committee
Setting up a Commonwealth entity
Accommodation
Appointments and staffing
Check if you're ready
Communications & Media
Funding & financial
Governance & compliance
IT & security
Information Management
Information Management
Initial priorities
Key contacts for establishing a new entity
Risk and Insurance
Risk and Insurance
Tax & superannuation
Using this guide
Work health & safety
Superannuation
Arrangements for Australian Government employees and statutory office holders
Arrangements Under the Superannuation (Productivity Benefit) Act 1988
Choice of Superannuation Funds for New Australian Government Employees
Commonwealth Superannuation Scheme (CSS)
Governance - Superannuation
Relevant legislation and responsible ministers
Investment fund principles
Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan (PSSAP)
Public Sector Superannuation Scheme (PSS)
Arrangements for Federal Judges, Governors-General and Federal Circuit Court Judges
Governor General
Judge
Judges of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme
Parliamentary Superannuation
Overview of the Parliamentary Superannuation Act 2004
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Act 1948 - Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme (PCSS)
Parliamentary Salaries
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Act 1948 - Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme (PCSS)
Superannuation costs and reports
Charges for Actuarial Accounts
Employer Responsibilities & Costs
Judges of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia Long Term Cost Reports
Judges' Pensions Scheme - Long Term Cost Reports
PCSS Long Term Cost Reports
PSS and CSS Long Term Cost Reports
Superannuation Costs for Agencies
The Shared Services Transformation Initiative
GovERP
Shared Services Delivery
The Shared Services Journey
Travel Arrangements
About the travel arrangements
Accommodation
Airlines and TMS
Australian Government Travel Guide
Book Travel Management Services
Cost Reduction Strategies
Drive - vehicle rental services
FAQs - Vehicle Rental Services
Fly - Air travel
Pay - Card services
Payment Services
Stay - Accommodation
Travel Policy
Travel Related Information
Travel services statistics
WoAG Travel Advices
2018 Advices
Whole of Government Information and Communications Technology Services
Data Carriage Service
GovLink
Intra-government Communications Network (ICON)
Ministerial Communications Network (MCN)
National Telepresence System (NTS)
Parliamentary Document Management System (PDMS)
Parliamentary Television (ParlTV)
Business
Find a grant (GrantConnect)
Government Business Enterprises
ASC
Australia Post
Australian Naval Infrastructure Pty Ltd
Australian Rail Track Corporation (ARTC)
Defence Housing Australia (DHA)
Medibank sale
Frequently Asked Questions - Medibank Sale
Moorebank Intermodal Company Limited
NBN Co Limited (nbn)
Past sales
Snowy Hydro Limited
The role of directors in Commonwealth GBE's Guidelines
Director Rules and Duties
Financial Management
Governance Regulation
Overview
Planning and Reporting
WSA Co Limited
Procurement
Complaints Handling Charter Complaints
Whole of Australian Government Procurement - Selling
Individuals
Act of grace payments, waiver of debts to the Commonwealth, Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (CDDA)
Act of grace payments
Application process
Information for Commonwealth entities about acts of grace and waivers of debt
Scheme for Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (CDDA Scheme)
Waiver of debt
Find a grant (GrantConnect)
Publications
All Publication Categories
Charter of Budget Honesty - Policy Costing Guidelines
Commonwealth Budget
Corporate Plan 2020-21
Pre-election Economic and Fiscal Outlook
Resource Management Guides
AASB Leases – Implementation Guide (RMG 110)
Accounting for concessional loans (RMG 115)
Accounting for internally developed software (RMG 109)
Accounting for machinery of government changes (RMG 118)
Accounting for non-current assets held for sale (RMG 111)
Accounting for subsequent expenditure on property, plant and equipment (RMG 113)
Audit committees (RMG 202)
Charging Activities (RMG 304)
Commitment of Relevant Money (RMG 400)
Commonwealth Entities Financial Statements Guide (RMG 125)
Commonwealth Grants and Procurement Connected Policies (RMG 415)
Commonwealth Investments (RMG 308)
Corporate plan for Commonwealth companies (RMG 133)
Deeming or designating transfers of assets and liabilities as 'contributions by owners' (equity) (RMG 123)
Disclosure of maturity information in financial statements (RMG 122)
Domestic Travel Policy (RMG 404)
Government Business Enterprises (GBEs) (RMG 126)
Grants, Procurements and other financial arrangements (RMG 411)
Guidance on the Assurance Reviews Process (RMG 106)
Guide to Appropriations (RMG 100)
Handling complaints under the Government Procurement (Judicial Review) Act 2018 (RMG 422)
Identification of general insurance contracts for accounting purposes (RMG 112)
Indemnities (RMG 414)
Investment by Commonwealth entities (RMG 301)
Mandatory use of the Commonwealth Contracting Suite for procurement under $200,000 (RMG 420)
Meeting the Senate Order for Entity Contracts (RMG 403)
Official International Travel – Use of the best fare of the day (RMG 405)
Other CRF money (RMG 303)
Payment pending probate - (RMG 402)
Payment terms for Australian Government Travel Arrangements – card services (RMG 418)
Procurement Publishing and Reporting Obligations (RMG 423)
Publishing and reporting Grants and GrantConnect (RMG 421)
Reporting requirements following machinery of government changes (RMG 119)
Requests for discretionary financial assistance under the
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013 (RMG 401)
Restrictions on advertising for open
Approaches to Market (ATMs) (RMG 407)
Retainable receipts (RMG 307)
Risk Potential Assessment Tool General Guidance (RMG 107)
Scheme for Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (RMG 409)
Supplier Pay On-Time or Pay Interest Policy (RMG 417)
Pay On-Time Policy (RMG 417) - Additional information
The Charging Framework (RMG 302)
https://www.finance.gov.au/sites/default/files/2020-09/RMG%20114%20-%20Accounting%20for%20decommissioning%2C%20restoration%20and%20similar%20provisions%20to%20make%20good.docx
Annual Report 2016-17
Annual Report 2017-18
Annual Report 2018-19
Corporate Plan 2017-18
Corporate Plan 2018-19
Corporate Plan 2019-20
About us
Accessibility
Careers
Benefits of working at Finance
Building facilities
Networks and consultation
Professional development opportunities
Career Starter Program
Diversity and Inclusion
RecruitAbility
Driving opportunities at COMCAR
About COMCAR
Driving duties and training information
How to apply and eligibility
Employment agreement and conditions
Security requirements
Gender Equality Action Plan 2017-19
Graduate Program
Stream recruitment
Temporary Employment Register
Public Interest Certificate Log
Contact us
Finance location
Scam emails, letters and phone calls
Finance locations - State offices - Ministerial and Parliamentary Services
Copyright
Disclaimer
Freedom of Information
Disclosure log
Information Publication Scheme (IPS)
Information Publication Scheme – Information Publication Plan
Ministers
Policy and Legislation
Privacy
Search Finance.gov.au
×
Search
Search
Close
×
Close