https://www.tubman.org/give-help/ways-to-give/planned-giving.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Planned Giving
Dear Friend,
Your generosity and commitment to our mission is essential for serving people who have experienced relationship violence, addiction, exploitation and other forms of trauma now and in the future. With a planned gift you are leaving a legacy that will benefit others long after it was given while experiencing the joy today that comes from knowing you are making a difference!
Planned giving ensures that the work and mission of Tubman will be advanced for generations to come. By making a planned gift through bequests, trusts, retirement plan assets or other estate gifts, you can create long-term support for our critical life-changing programs that help over 25,000 people find safety, hope, and healing at Tubman each year.
We hope the opportunities described here will inspire you to join Tubman’s Legacy Society by including us in your financial and estate planning. Tubman can receive a wide variety of charitable contributions; here are just a few examples of popular planned giving vehicles:
BEQUESTS:
A charitable gift (of either cash, real estate, stock, etc.) written into a will or revocable trust. Donors retain all assets during their lifetime, and the gift is made upon their death. The estate will receive an estate tax deduction for the bequest.
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATIONS:
A simple way to gift retirement plan and life insurance assets at the time of your death is to name Tubman as the beneficiary.
DONOR ADVISED FUNDS:
Build your philanthropic wealth now, make grants to your favorite causes, and designate the remainder of your donor advised fund to Tubman.
Here is a Letter of Intent to assist you with making these plans. If you would like more information about including Tubman in your estate or about making a contribution, please contact Alison M. Hobson, Director of Development, at ahobson@tubman.org or 612-767-6685.
Thank you for your consideration,
Jennifer J. Polzin
Chief Executive Officer
* Gifts are tax deductible to the extent allowed by state and federal laws. Please consult an attorney or financial advisor before completing arrangements for legacy gifts.
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.