http://www.popcouncil.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Population Council website and reviewing this privacy policy. The policy outlines your privacy protections while on the Population Council websites, including Council project and journal sites, and does not pertain to sites to which these sites may be linked. During your visit, the Council will collect and store nonpersonal information about your visit for internal statistical purposes. This information includes the name of the domain (the Internet protocol [IP] address and the associated name of a specific network attached to the Internet) from which you have accessed the Internet, the date and time you accessed the site, the Internet address of the website from which you linked, and the pages you viewed while visiting the Population Council site. The Council collects no personal information about you (name, mailing address, phone, email address) unless you choose to provide that information by sending an email, ordering a publication, completing a survey, or signing up to receive information. Your personal contact information is used to respond to your requests and to provide you with appropriate information, as described below.
Choice/opt out
When requesting information via this website, you can request that additional information be sent to you in the future or you can ask that no additional information be sent. The website offers several opportunities to “opt out” of or “opt in” to inclusion in mailing lists.
The Population Council will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to the Council in ways unrelated to the ones described below without also providing visitors with the opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
If the Population Council cannot fulfill emailed requests for information, staff members may forward the emails to colleagues in other organizations. If you do not want your email messages forwarded, please indicate that in the text of any messages you send to the Council.
Newsletters/mailing lists
The Population Council will send you news and information on topics of interest to you. You have the option of subscribing to Population Council newsletters and mailing lists and can do so on the website or by emailing requests to pubinfo@popcouncil.org.
Specific Population Council mailing lists may be shared with partner organizations; organizations that work with the Population Council or the United States Agency for International Development (USAID); and with USAID itself.
Visitors who sign up for a mailing list or message board will be emailed notifications when new content related to what they requested is added to the site. The Council may use your information to notify you about important health findings, to invite you to attend events, to apprise you of Council funding needs, and to encourage investments in important research initiatives.
When signing up for the mailing lists,you can request that your name not be shared by sending an email to pubinfo@popcouncil.org. You can change your preferences by clicking on the hyperlink in the “Welcome” email sent to you.
Ordered materials
Personal information is requested when publications are ordered and when certain software is downloaded from this site. This information is aggregated and may be used within the Population Council and in reports to its donors. When you order print publications or CD-ROMs, your personal information is captured by the Council’s publications department for record-keeping. After ordering materials from the organization, you may receive mailings or emails on related programs from the Council and colleague organizations. If you sign up to receive Council journals, you may receive information about similar periodicals or news on similar topics.
If you order publications and other materials via website order forms, the Population Council will need your contact information (such as name and email or shipping address). If payment is required, you must also provide financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill orders. If the Population Council has trouble processing an order, the organization also will use this information to contact you to complete the transaction. The Council transmits credit card transactions to a bank electronically prior to fulfilling requests. The bank does not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. The Council’s journals, Population and Development Review and Studies in Family Planning, are now distributed by Wiley-Blackwell, and purchases of subscriptions and single issues are processed by that organization. Visitors on the journal-related pages of the Council website may be linked to the Blackwell website. Their privacy statement is available at http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com.
Aggregate information
Aggregate demographic information, not personally identifiable, may be shared with the Population Council’s professional collaborators. The Council may share aggregate information about visits to the site with some of its collaborating agencies and other colleagues. None of this information is linked to any personally identifiable information.
Like most website sponsors, the Population Council uses log files to collect general information concerning the people who access its site. This information includes IP addresses, browser types, Internet service providers, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. This information is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Technical problems
If you have technical problems while on the website, you may email webmaster@popcouncil.org and provide only the personal information that is needed to resolve the problem. Once the issue is resolved, your name, email address, and all other personal information will be deleted from the Council’s system.
Cookies
The Population Council may employ "cookies" for the donate form and to assess general information about website visitors. In these cases, the specific visitor is never identified or tracked. Cookies are small text files placed on a user’s computer that allow a web page to communicate with a web server or other web pages. Visitors are issued random identification numbers, but these identification numbers cannot be used to trace or track them. The Population Council will not provide any information associated with these cookies to people who are not affiliated with the administration of the donate process. The Council does not use third-party cookies.
You have the option of donating to the Council without cookies, which requires that you print out a text-only donate form and mail it to the Population Council.
Legal requirements
Though the Population Council makes every effort to preserve user privacy, there may be times when it needs to disclose personal information when required by law. An example of this is in response to a court order or in conjunction with requests from law enforcement authorities.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. A link does not constitute endorsement of the content, viewpoints, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility of that website. The Population Council is not responsible for other sites’ privacy policies, which may be different from the Council’s. If you choose to link to another website, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its Internet privacy policy. The Population Council encourages visitors to be aware when they leave this site and to read the privacy statements of each site visited.
Surveys
From time to time, this site requests information from visitors via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary. The requested information typically includes contact information, such as name and email address, and demographic information, such as country or zip code. Personal information will be used to strengthen the data provided and to understand each participant better.
Security
The Population Council takes appropriate precautions to protect website visitors’ personal information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Sensitive information, such as credit card data, is transmitted via Secure Sockets Layer, which sends all information with encryption.
Correcting/updating/deleting/deactivating personal information
The Population Council is committed to ensuring the integrity of users’ personal information. If you provide personal information via this website, you will have access to that information. You can email the Council directly at pubinfo@popcouncil.org or call +1 212 339 0514 if:
personally identifiable information changes (such as title, zip code, phone, email, or postal address);
you no longer wish to receive the information initially requested via the Population Council website;
you do not wish to have personal information submitted through the site shared with colleague organizations.
If you sign up for a Council mailing list and later want to be removed, you can reply to an emailed message and type “unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Population Council reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. If you continue to use the website following the posting of changes to these terms, that action will signify an acceptance of those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the guidelines that applied at the time the information was collected. If material changes occur, the Population Council will allow visitors whose personal information was previously collected to submit changes, including opting out of future communications and being removed from mailing lists.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail-proof the security of information provided through this website. The Population Council makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in its contents. The organization makes no warranty and assumes no legal liability related to the site’s contents, nor its freedom from computer virus, and does not represent that use of information located on the site would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Children
The Population Council website includes sections that focus on public health as it relates to human reproduction. This site is therefore not intended for children under the age of 13. The Population Council does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under the age of 13. If the Population Council discovers that it has received any information from a child under the age of 13, the organization will delete that information immediately. If you believe that the Population Council has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us immediately at the address below.
Contact the Population Council
If you have any questions about the security of the Population Council website or receive an unsolicited email that appears to be from the Population Council, please contact:
Population Council
One Dag Hammarskjold Plaza
New York, NY 10017
webmaster@popcouncil.org