http://www.jewishvoiceforpeace.org/privacy-policy/
This Policy contains details about how JVP collects and uses information from you when you use the Site.
Privacy Policy
Jewish Voice for Peace
13 December 2016
Operations
Share
Tweet
PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
A Jewish Voice for Peace, Inc.(“JVP” or “us” or “we” or “our”) owns and operates the jewishvoiceforpeace.org site (“Site”). JVP is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit and interact with the Site. As such, JVP’s privacy practices are explained in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).
This Policy contains details about how JVP collects and uses information from you when you use the Site.
This Policy covers only the Site. Other JVP sites and other online locations may have their own privacy policies, and you should consult those accordingly.
This Policy was last updated on and is effective as of: December 13, 2016.
Policy Changes
JVP may update this Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Policy will be posted below for a period of thirty (30) days and will be effective when posted. The changes will also be immediately incorporated into this Policy.
Your continued use of the Site after any changes are made to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Site.
If any changes to this Policy affect how JVP treats or handles information already provided by you to JVP, JVP will notify you by email (if JVP has a valid email address to use) and give you thirty (30) days to opt-in to the changes as they pertain to your information. If you do not opt-in, your information will continue to be used in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
Collection and Use of Information
You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. Personally identifiable information (“PII”) is generally defined as information that may be able to identify you such as, but not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, birthday, credit card number, photograph, age, etc.
There are areas on the Site where you may be asked to provide JVP with PII. For example, PII such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit card number, birthday, gender, education background, academic title and institutional affiliations, and/or interest area information may be collected from you when you:
– make monetary donations to JVP;
– apply to be a JVP and/or Chai Club member;
– make monthly Chai Club membership donations;
– request changes to monthly donations on the Site;
– seek to join or start a new local chapter of JVP;
– contact us regarding leaving or planning future monetary gifts to JVP (e.g., bequests);
– access the “Members Area” section of the Site;
– make action signatures (even when marked anonymous) on petitions or pledges for/against certain government or corporate action;
– provide information for personalized target letters;
– register for JVP events, meetings, webinars, livestreams, training and leadership development institutes;
– apply to join JVP’s Academic Advisory Council;
– sign up to join the JVP Student Network, Interfaith Network for Justice in Palestine, Network Against Islamophobia, and/or other advocacy networks on the Site;
– apply for a job or fellowship;
– shop via the Site;
– use Site resources to set up meetings and communicate with legislators;
– contact JVP with questions or comments;
– participate in surveys and questionnaires; and/or
– sign up for JVP emails, newsletters, posters and other resources.
If you use a payment provider (e.g., PayPal), media-hosting service (e.g., YouTube), or any other third party service that interacts with the site, then JVP may receive information about you from that service, site or app.
JVP may use your PII to:
– maintain proper business and other relevant records;
– process donations or gifts made to JVP;
– administer the “Members Area” section of the Site and the membership status check portal;
– process payments and ship items purchased through the Site;
– process registrations for, schedule, and administer, events, meetings, webinars, livestreams, training and leadership development institutes;
– administer/process petitions, letters and pledges in favor/against certain government or corporate action;
– review job or fellowship applicant information, conduct interviews, and/or hire personnel;
– generate and send personalized target letters on your behalf;
– process applications to join and administer JVP’s Academic Advisory Council;
– process requests to join the JVP Student Network, Interfaith Network for Justice in Palestine, Network Against Islamophobia, and/or other advocacy networks on the Site;- administer the advocacy networks available through the Site;
– set up meetings and facilitate communication with legislators;
– respond to questions or comments;
– deliver services through the Site;
– process and catalog responses to surveys or questionnaires;
– send you JVP newsletters, emails, posters and other resources, updates or information;
– improve the content and general administration of the Site;
– perform internal Site operations (e.g., fraud prevention);
– troubleshoot software issues and operational problems;
– conduct Site data analysis and testing; and/or
– monitor Site usage.
The Site may use cookies. Cookies are files that are transmitted to your computer when you visit the Site. Cookies allow JVP to recognize your browser when you subsequently return to the Site. Cookies may also collect your user preferences when you visit the Site. JVP does not use cookies to collect PII. JVP uses cookies to improve Site performance.You may be able to delete the cookies by consulting your browser and/or computer instructions. Please note that any deletion of cookies could affect how the Site appears and/or operates for you.
JVP uses cloud-based software from Salsa Labs, Inc. (“Salsa”) as a mass emailing platform to process and administer mailing list subscriptions and event registrations, and to collect donation information, survey data, credit/debit card data, action signatures for pledges and petitions, and information for personalized target letters. Salsa may use this data to perform aggregate tracking of site usage, such as how many users have visited the Site and how many visitors to the Site perform certain actions. A link to Salsa’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.salsalabs.com/privacy-policy.
JVP uses Google Analytics to track Site usage trends, measure Site performance, and improve Site features. No PII is collected by Google through this process. A link to Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
JVP may use Optimizely to improve Site performance and features. A link to Optimizely’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.optimizely.com/privacy/.
JVP may provide your email address to Facebook in order to set up “custom audience” groups through which we may serve you advertisements regarding projects in which JVP is active, e.g., for fundraising purposes. Facebook will only use this PII for the purposes of matching the email addresses with active Facebook accounts to set up the groups. In this regard, the provided email addresses will not be shared with third parties or advertisers outside of Facebook and will be deleted promptly after the matching process is completed. If you would not like this information shared with Facebook, please send JVP an email at _________________. More information on how this program operates can be found here.
By providing to JVP the PII and other information referenced above, you agree that JVP may use the PII and other information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Sharing of PII and Other Information
Except as noted herein, JVP does not sell or share your PII with any person or entity outside of JVP.
Other parties may collect PII about your online activities over time and across different internet services (e.g., other websites, apps, or cloud computing services) when you engage JVP’s services.
JVP may host joint petitions in coalition with other allied organizations sharing common interests and goals (“Allies”). When signing a joint petition, each allied organization will be listed with corresponding opt-in boxes, which are checked yes by default, for sharing email addresses. If you do not want any PII shared with these Allies, you will have an opportunity to deselect any such organization at the time of signing the joint petition.
JVP may also host petitions on the Site on behalf of Allies, or send such petitions out through email, in which case any information you provide through such forms or petitions will be shared with the Ally that initiated the petition.
The Site may integrate with social media services which let you share actions you take on our Site with other apps, sites, or media, and vice versa. Please review the privacy policies of those social media services for more information about how such services handle the information you provide to or share through them.
JVP will share certain portions of PII with its vendors in order to make the Site and Site-related services function properly. This may include:
– Sharing PII with our credit/debit card processing entities, including but not limited to Stripe, in order to process any credit/debit card payments made through the Site – a link to Stripe’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Sharing PII with PayPal to process payments through the Site – a link to PayPal’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Sharing PII with Salsa to process and administer mailing list subscriptions and event registrations, and to collect donation information, survey data, credit/debit card data, action signatures for pledges and petitions, and information for personalized target letters – a link to Salsa’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Sharing PII with our printing and mailing vendor, RoadRunner, to circulate newsletters, posters and other resources – a link to RoadRunner’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Sharing donors’ PII with Salesforce and WealthEngine to process donations and identify potential high-capacity prospects – a link to Salesforce’s privacy policy can be found here, and a link to WealthEngine’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Providing PII disclosed on survey forms to SurveyMonkey and Google Forms to process and administer surveys and their results – a link to SurveyMonkey’s privacy policy can be found here, and a link to Google’s privacy policy can be found here;
– Providing our web hosting provider, Dreamhost, with access to the Site’s database for technical support purposes – a link to Dreamhost’s privacy policy can be found here.
If you submit PII through forms on the Site for petitions, pledges or letters targeted to certain entities, those targeted entities will receive the PII that you provide on the relevant form.
JVP will disclose your PII if it reasonably believes it is required to do so by law or in cooperation with a governmental or law enforcement investigation. JVP may also share PII or other information in order to avoid imminent physical harm to any person or harm/damage to any JVP property.
JVP may share your PII with a third party if JVP’s ownership status changes, such as it being acquired.
Other than what is referenced above, the PII collected from you is not shared with nor sold to any person or entity outside of JVP.
Review of Collected PII/Other Choices
If you would like to review, edit, or delete any of the PII JVP collected from you, or wish JVP to cease using your PII in the manners specified in this Policy, please contact JVP at info@jvp.org. Please note that JVP will do its best to accommodate your request, but JVP cannot guarantee it can remove all PII from the specified uses. Therefore, please be as specific as possible in your request. If the request relates to information that JVP needs to make the Site function properly for you, you may not be able to use the Site properly moving forward.
JVP reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for other organizational reasons permitted by law even if such records contain your PII.
If you would like to opt out of receiving further promotional emails from JVP, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email or send JVP a detailed email to ____________________________.
JVP does not knowingly collect any information from minors, nor is the Site directed at or intended for minors. If a minor uploads/posts information to the Site that is publicly available, and the minor subsequently wants that same information deleted, the minor has a right to request that such information be removed from public viewing. Any such requests should be sent to info@jvp.org.Please note that any removal of content by JVP does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information.
Response to “Do Not Track” Requests/Signals
If any third parties collect information through the Site, it is possible that some of these third parties may respond differently than JVP to “do not track” requests. You should consult the applicable privacy policies of those third parties for that information.
Data Security and Retention
JVP implements, uses and maintains industry standard security measures including, but not limited to, SSL encryption and certificates, SSH tunneling, and OAuth authorization.
While JVP takes the issue of protecting your PII seriously, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit to the Site. JVP cannot guarantee that information sent over the Internet is fully secure, and therefore the transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches JVP. If you are concerned about sending information to JVP over the Internet, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. JVP is not responsible for the security of information sent over the Internet.
JVP retains collected information for a reasonable amount of time in order to fulfill the stated purpose for why the information was collected. JVP will also retain collected information connected to business records for periods of time required by law. If JVP determines that collected information is no longer needed, it will delete such information. Our collection times will be consistent with applicable law.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, children under 13 years of age. JVP does not knowingly collect any information, including PII, from children under 13 years of age. If JVP learns that any information was provided through the Site by a person younger than 13 years of age, JVP will delete the information immediately.
JVP will not use a minor’s PII to market or advertise certain products or services deemed harmful to children. JVP also will not disclose any minor’s PII if it has actual knowledge that the minor’s PII will be used for the purposed of marketing or advertising harmful products or services.
Non-U.S. Concerns
The Site is meant for individuals within the United States. JVP only knowingly collects information from individuals within the United States. If you provide information to JVP from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk. If you are outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding use of the Site, and related data collection. This Policy only addresses data collection from individuals within the United States. You also agree and acknowledge that by providing any information, including PII, through the Site, that such information will be transmitted to, and stored in, the United States.
External Links
The Site may contain links to external sites, including those embedded in third party advertisements or sponsor information, that are not controlled by JVP. JVP is not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third party sites. You should consult the privacy policies of those sites for details.
JVP may also allow interaction between the Site and other sites or mobile applications such as Facebook or other social media providers. This may include the “Like” button or other plugins available through the Site that allow you to share information with persons outside of the Site. Please consult the privacy policies of those third party providers before using them to make sure you are comfortable with the level of sharing.
Terms of Use
The Terms of Use for the Site is incorporated by reference into this Policy. The Terms of Use can be found at jewishvoiceforpeace.org/terms-of-use.
Miscellaneous
There may be areas on the Site where you are asked to supply the PII of another person (e.g., making a gift in the honor of someone else). Please be sure you have the proper permission from the person or other relevant party to submit such PII through the Site. JVP is not responsible for any harm to any third parties as a result of you submitting a third party’s PII through the Site.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact JVP at:
EMAIL: info@jewishvoiceforpeace.org
PHONE: (510) 465–1777
MAIL: P.O. Box 589, Berkeley, CA 94701
It is the policy of JVP to strictly enforce this Policy. If you believe there has been some violation of this Policy, please contact JVP.
This Policy was last updated on December 13, 2016.
Share
Tweet
Jewish Voice for Peace is a national member-driven organization dedicated to a U.S. foreign policy based on peace, human rights, and respect for international law.
Join over 200,000 JVP supporters:
WATCH JVP’S STORY
Back in the mid-90s, three young Jewish women realized they could no longer keep silent about Israel’s occupation – and decided to do something about it. Watch their story – our story – here.
DONATE
GET THE DEADLY EXCHANGE REPORT
Researching the American Israeli Alliance and Jewish Voice for Peace’s report reveals the extent of massive training programs between U.S. law enforcement and Israeli police, military, and the Shin Bet.
DOWNLOAD THE REPORT
End the Deadly Exchange
When US law enforcement trade tactics with the Israeli police and military, Israel deepens its military occupation and the US heightens its violence of policing.
SIGN THE PETITION
Booking.com: Tell the Truth
Days ago, Booking.com bowed to pro-Israel activists and started describing all of Jerusalem as a “city in Israel” – literally erasing Palestinian East Jerusalem. Let’s get Booking.com to tell the truth: East Jerusalem is occupied territory.
SIGN THE PETITION
Senators: Investigate Israeli Violence!
No one should be killed for taking part in a peaceful protest. It’s up to us to call on progressive Senators to investigate Israel’s massacre in Gaza that killed over 100 Palestinians wounded 12,000 others.
ADD YOUR NAME
Mission
People
FAQ
Membership
Publications
Jobs and Internships
Contact
Newsroom
Press Releases
News Bulletin
JVP Blog
JVP Logo
GET STARTED
Israel/Palestine 101
Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
Join or Start a Chapter
Become a Member
TAKE ACTION
Resist Trump's Israel Agenda
Freedom to Boycott
Support Gaza
Refugees Welcome
#ReturnTheBirthright
Free Dareen Tatour
Free Ahed Tamimi
End the Deadly Exchange
Organize
Campus
Interfaith
Legislative Advocacy
Arts and Culture
Jewish Community Transformation
Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
ONLINE STORE
Union Made T-Shirts
Stop Profiling Muslims Gear
Confronting Zionism Book
Resources
Facing the Nakba
Conversations Guide
Ready to Fight Training
Network Against Islamophobia
Free Film Library
MEMBERS AREA
National Member Meeting
Toolkit
Community Center
Webinars
Working with Media
GIVING
Annual Report
Ways to Give
Fundraising Approach
Donor Privacy
Chai Club
Donate
Financials
ABOUT JVP
Jewish Voice for Peace is a national, grassroots organization inspired by Jewish tradition to work for a just and lasting peace according to principles of human rights, equality, and international law for all the people of Israel and Palestine. JVP has over 200,000 online supporters, over 70 chapters, a youth wing, a Rabbinic Council, an Artist Council, an Academic Advisory Council, and an Advisory Board made up of leading U.S. intellectuals and artists.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Jewish Voice for Peace
|    P.O. Box 589, Berkeley, CA 94701
|
(510) 465–1777
|
info@jewishvoiceforpeace.org