http://www.wsb.com/privacy-policy/
1. PolicyThe policy of Washington Speakers Bureau, Inc. (the "Washington Speakers Bureau") is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. To fulfill this policy, the Washington Speakers Bureau agrees to exercise reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you in connection with accessing and using this website (the "Site"). The Washington Speakers Bureau also agrees to post prominently and in plain language its specific privacy policies. The Washington Speakers Bureau does not collect personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals, and the Washington Speakers Bureau will not sell, rent or trade personal information about our users to any third party. 2. Use of InformationThe Washington Speakers Bureau uses the Site to respond to provide information about speakers, to respond to your requests and to assist you in selecting a speaker for an event. You may be asked to provide personal information such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. This information will only be used by the Washington Speakers Bureau to contact you in regard to your specific request(s). 3. Disclosure of InformationNotwithstanding our privacy policy, the Washington Speakers Bureau may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of the Washington Speakers Bureau or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (3) to our parent company or to any third party who may acquire the Washington Speakers Bureau; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person. 4. "Cookies"Yes, Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. The use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting is solely for collecting anonymous data and will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information. 5. LinksThis Site contains links to other sites, including to the sites of many of our speakers and to www.barnesandnoble.com where books by our speakers can be purchased. The Washington Speakers Bureau is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other web sites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or "partnership" with the Washington Speakers Bureau. The Washington Speakers Bureau does not disclose unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. The linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you when you link to their site. This collecting of information is not subject to the control of the Washington Speakers Bureau. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policies of the sites you visit by linking from this Site. 6. Our Commitment to Children's PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We never collect or maintain information at the Site from persons we know to be under age 13, and no part of our Site is designed to attract anyone under age 13. Please do not communicate with or contact us if you are under age 13. 7. How You Can Review or Correct Your Personal InformationYou can contact the Washington Speakers Bureau by telephone at 703.684.0555 or by e-mail to info@wsb.com to learn if we are keeping personal information about you. If we do have personal information about you, we will provide you with a readable copy of such personal information at no charge. Factual errors in your personal information, including out-of-date information, can be corrected by sending us a request that credibly shows our error. 8. Intellectual Property Limitation of LiabilityWSB respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask visitors to the Site to do the same. If you believe that your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to a designated Copyright Agent of WSB:
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim has been infringed;Identification of where the material that you claim to be infringing is located on the Site;A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf;Your address, telephone number, and email address; andYour physical or electronic signature.
The designated agent of the Washington Speakers Bureau for notification of claims of copyright infringement on the Site is Sandy Lutton who can be reached as follows:
Address:1663 Prince StreetAlexandria, VA 22314Telephone:703.684.0555Fax:703.299.4560E-mail:webmaster@wsb.com
Similarly, if you believe that any of your trademarks or service marks have been infringed, please notify the designated agent of WSB. Last Updated: October 7, 2014