https://www.bread.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
I’ll match your gift!
Give today and I’ll match your gift dollar for dollar up to $500,000. Make a gift of $100 or more and I’ll send you a thank you gift!
$100
$200
$300
$500
$1,000
Privacy PolicyBread for the World and Bread for the World Institute are committed to your right to privacy. To better protect your privacy, we have developed this notice explaining our practices and policies regarding the information collected and used on our website.
If you have any questions concerning privacy and confidentiality, please contact Member Services at 1-800-822-7323.
Security
Bread for the World uses industry-standard security software and systems. Credit card information and transactions are secured by Digicert. When you are on a secure donation page, you will see a closed lock symbol in your browser window, usually in the lower-right corner
You will also notice that the domain name (located in your web browser's address bar) begins with "https" on all Bread for the World web pages. Your information is encrypted for your security. If you have questions regarding the security of your credit card donation, contact Member Services at 1-800-822-7323.
Email Addresses
Bread for the World asks for your email address on our subscription, donation, and advocacy action pages. This allows us to provide you with email communications and to acknowledge receipt of donations received on our website. Bread for the World does not sell, rent, or lend the email addresses of our subscribers or website visitors.
You may opt out of our email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of all our email communications. You may also call us at 1-800-822-7323 or email Member Services to be removed.
Personal Information
Bread for the World asks for other personal information (including name and physical address) on our subscription, donation, and advocacy action pages. This information is used to fulfill subscription requests and to acknowledge receipt of donations received on our website. When you become a member of Bread for the World, make a donation, or take action, your name and address are placed on our postal mailing list for occasional mail updates. If you prefer not to receive postal mail from Bread for the World, you may call us at 1-800-822-7323 or email Member Services to be removed.
Bread for the World occasionally exchanges its postal mailing list with select organizations whose activities might be of interest to our members. Those who contribute to Bread for the World or Bread for the World Institute receive a postal mailing within the first two weeks of their first gift that includes information on how to opt out from occasional postal list exchanges with other organizations. If you prefer that your name and address not be shared with other organizations, you may call us at 1-800-822-7323 or email Member Services to be removed.
If you need to review, or make changes or corrections to your personal information, please call 1-800-822-7323 or email Member Services. Thank you for supporting Bread for the World.
Tools from our Resource Library
For Education
Election ResourcesOne of the best times to raise the issues of hunger and poverty is during election campaigns. Engage candidates in your state/district on hunger and poverty using our elections resources.
Briefing Paper: Accelerated Nutrition Progress in KenyaExciting progress has been made against global malnutrition. In just five years, Kenya reduced its child wasting rate by 39 percent. But obstacles remain.
By Jordan Teague, senior international policy advisor
In just five years, Kenya reduced its...
Briefing Paper: An Agenda to Accelerate Progress on Global NutritionProgress has been made against global malnutrition, but many obstacles remain. This paper presents a clear way forward.
More Education Tools
For Faith
Finding Hope, Ending Hunger on Both Sides of the Border: A Bilingual Latino DevotionalDevotional writers challenge us to feel the Spirit of God within us and to hear God’s urgent call to demand justice so all can put food on the table.
The Bible on Health as a Hunger Issue“As
you
therefore
have
received
Christ
Jesus
the
Lord,
continue
to
live
your
lives
in
him,
rooted
and
built
up
in
him
and
established
in
faith.” These words from Colossians 2:6 remind us of the faith that is active
in
love
for
our
neighbors.
The Bible on...
Unity Declaration on Racism and PovertyA diverse body of Christian leaders calls on the churches and Congress to focus on the integral connection.Dear Members of Congress,As the president and Congress are preparing their plans for this year, almost 100 church leaders—from all the families of U.S. Christianity—are...
More Faith Tools
For Advocacy
Fact Sheet: Coronavirus (COVID-19) and SNAPThe Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is designed to respond to changes in need, making it well suited to respond to crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic.
Fact Sheet: Why We Need $200 Million for Global Nutrition ProgramsBread for the World and its partners are asking Congress to provide $200 million for global nutrition in the fiscal year 2020 budget.
Fact Sheet: Hunger by the NumbersIn 2017, 11.8 percent of households in the U.S.—40 million people—were food-insecure, meaning that they were unsure at some point during the year about how they would provide for their next meal.
More Advocacy Tools
What can you do?
Urge Congress to pass legislation that will accelerate progress on nutritionTake action
Help us end hungerGive
Offering of Letters: Better Nutrition, Better TomorrowOfrenda de CartasOur work has taken on greater urgency with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Our faith calls us to stand alongside women and children in the U.S. and abroad. We urge Congress to provide the nutrition they need to thrive.
Join the CampaignGet the Toolkit
Your Special GiftRenew your membership today
Make a Donation
FaithAfrican at HeartNovember 22, 2019
Insight
The milestone of turning 5October 5, 2020
From the Blog
On Faith: Finding a place at the innDecember 10, 2020