http://www.istok.net/terms-conditions.html
Home
-
Terms & Conditions
Printable version
Terms & Conditions
TERMS OF SERVICE
1. Introduction
Welcome to the Istok's web site, provided to you by Istok Church Supplies Corp. (Istok). These Terms of Service govern your use of this site and the services provided through this site. Your use of this site and our services constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Service and creates a binding legal agreement, so please read them carefully. In case you use any current or future service or product of Istok Church Supplies Corp. or its affiliates whether or not represented on Istok's web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
We reserve the right to decline orders for Orthodox Christian liturgical vestments which are ordered for use by women or vestments ordered for a person who has no canonical right to wear them. For example, it we have information that an ordered Bishop's vestments will be worn by a woman, we may decline such an order upon verification. Likewise, we reserve the right to decline orders for products with Orthodox Christian symbols if we have information that they will be used for outrage or dishonour acts or for pagan purposes. For example, we may decline an order for a Great Schema, if we have information that it will be worn by a layperson during Halloween procession.
2. Non-Responsibility
Istok Church Supplies Corp. and its affiliates are not responsible in any manner for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, howsoever caused, arising out of use of this web site, or reliance on the information or services provided by either.
3. Address Verification System (AVS)
When your card is being charged, processing bank (Harris Banks and E-OnlineData) checks it against the interbank database to insure that you are the real owner of this card. There are two factors checked: apartment (house) number and zip code. It is your responsibility to provide correct information on these factors when you submit an order.
4. Risk Of Late Arrival Or Loss
All items purchased from Istok Church Supplies Corp. are delivered pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of late delivery, loss and title for such items explicitly and without any reservation or limitation pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier you select. Istok, however, will reasonably and soundly act on your behalf, when instructed so by you, to help you communicate with the carrier from our end in order to retrieve your order or receive applicable reimbursement. We do not issue any reimbursement (-s) or refunds related to the late or lost orders until we receive such reimbursement (-s) from the carrier in question.
Istok assumes no responsibility or liability to you or any other person for any losses, expenses, damages, delays, shortages, misdelivery, nondelivery, misinformation, or failure to provide information in connection with your order or shipment caused by events we cannot control, including but not limited to acts of God, perils of the air, weather conditions, mechanical delays, acts of public enemies, war, strikes, civil commotions, or acts or omissions of public authorities (including customs, cultural and health officials) with actual or apparent authority.
Istok Church Supplies Corp. and its affiliates are not responsible in any manner for damages, including but not limited to damages which temperature-sensitive items (e.g. candles, incense, etc.) may suffer during shipping.
5. Sewing Disputes
Each custom-made item sewn by Istok or its affiliates is double checked because we want to make sure you receive the item you ordered according to the measurements you provided to us. It is therefore of the utmost importance that you carefully read and correctly understand instructions on our Measurement Chart.
In the event that you want to dispute a garment in terms of measurements, you agree to ship it back to us for inspection via the carrier that we approve. We cannot make any decision to reimburse you or redo the thing relying on any third party's opinion or conclusion. If, for any reason, the item in question is not made according to the measurements provided, we will fully reimburse your shipping expenses and either redo the item and ship it anew at our expense or return your money. It is our policy and mission to guarantee your satisfaction.
6. Security deposits
• (a) All custom orders and especially those for jewelry products, church furniture and other wooden products, expensive or rare metal products (chandeliers, enamelled lamps, et.c) require a 50% security deposit. We must receive payment for such a security deposit prior to production commencement. After the start of production, you can cancel your order, but your security deposit will not be refundable. We can refund such a deposit only in case the production is not started on the date of cancellation request.
7. Returns
(a) All products, except for custom-made items, may be returned for credit or exchange if you are not satisfied with the product (-s) received.
(b) You need to contact our Sales Dept. via e-mail or fax for Return Authorization within 7 calendar days of order receipt. You can get a return authorization up to 30 days of the receipt of your order. No returns are allowed after 30 days.
(c) There are no returns allowed for custom-made items unless there is a quality problem or a written permission from our Sales Dept.
(d) Standard pre-made items from the What's on Sale section must be returned within 30 days after order reception. Standard-sized sewing products from the Clergy Vestments section are considered custom-made along with other products in the said section. Product must be in unused and/or in unworn condition, in original packaging and unsoiled.
(e) You would be responsible to pay the return shipping charge on any returns except for those related to a quality problem.
(f) Once returned product (-s) is received by us, we would issue you a credit or a refund. This process usually takes 1 to 2 weeks from the date the product was received.
(g) If you decide to return any part of, or your entire order, you would be responsible to pay the original freight charge, the return freight charge, any related Customs fees, duties and/or brokerage fees, and any applicable restocking fee which usually ranges from 5% to 25% of the order Subtotal.
(h) There are no restocking fees on exchanges on items less than $150 unless such an exchange relates to a custom-made item.
(i) Restocking fees for returned sewing orders are determined on a case-by-case basis and vary from 10% for simple products to 30% for large and/or expensive (over $1000) items.
(j) Generally, we do not allow returns of linear products (fabrics, trims, etc.) less than 5 m, unless you purchased a stand-alone piece. Restocking fees for linear products vary from 10% to 30% depending on the yardage and fabric type. This fee is determined by our Sales Dept. on a case-by-case basis.
8. Shipping via Air Cargo
An order that does not fit size and/or weight limitations of regular carriers (e.g. baptismal fonts, holy tables, large candle stands, iconostasis, etc.) can be shipped via Air Cargo only. If you choose by accident incorrect shipping option, we’d update your invoice and you will receive notification about changing shipping option to Air Cargo. If your order is shipped via Air Cargo, it means that you will have to pick it up at the nearest international airport that has Customs office. As soon as the order arrives at the destination airport, receiving Cargo office will call you and notify about incoming shipment. Depending on the local Customs office, its agents may sometimes clear the shipment without your presence, if you wish so. In this case you may have an option of calling receiving Cargo office and pay them for shipping the order to your door via truck. Shipping charges calculated for your order include freight only to the destination airport. Delivering Air Cargo company is selected by us at the time of shipment depending on the shipping address. When a shipment is coming via Air Cargo, there are many intermediate offices which handle this shipment. Although we always do our best to minimize your involvement, sometimes your direct dealing with the carrier is important in having the shipment delivered to you within minimum timeframe. .
9. Chargebacks
Information contained on our Frequently Asked Questions page constitutes a part of these Terms of Services. You agree to carefully read it before placing your order. Chargeback is a serious issue and it is our strict policy that you will receive a fair treatment based on the common sense and justice to avoid such action. Please remember that we are here on the Net not just to do business, but to please God and serve you. This doesn't mean, however, that we necessarily will let any offensive or groundless action against us to go without proper action on our part.
We do not control shipping of any carrier and, therefore, will act against groundless claims to protect our credibility and bank history to the fullest extent provided by law. It is obvious that customers who resolve to violate common sense and these Terms of Services will be put on the Black List.
10. Safety
Istok Church Supplies Corp.'s policy is to adhere to the highest electronic safety standards available on the market. While you shop at Istok Church Supplies Corp., you are protected by the top-notch Secure Server inscription. Our site is also 100% compliant with PCI DSS regulations for secure credit card processing. When you enter your card data on our site, we do not see it, touch it or handle in any other way. By entering your data on our site, you simple create your personal payment profile with official credit card processing centre of Authorize.Net.
11. Updates
As a customer, you may subscribe to our Newsletter (personal notification service) to occasionally receive e-mail updates about new merchandize, discounts, sales and general changes related to functionality of the Web site. Just send us an e-mail with the word "subscribe" in the Subject line.
12. Product Information, Accuracy And Changes
Facts and information, when placed on this web site, were believed to be accurate. However, Istok does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Istok itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. Product offers, rates, terms and other information provided herein are subject to change without notice. Completeness or accuracy of the information provided herein is not guaranteed.
13. Electronic Communications
Primary tool of communicating with customers in Istok Church Supplies Corp. is e-mail. When you visit Istok's website (-s) or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You agree to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you via e-mail, responding usually within 24-48 business hours. You consent that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
14. Insurance
All shipped items are insured according to the default rules of a carrier. With RPS, lost orders by default are reimbursed at $5 per kilogram plus shipping charge. There is an option for you to purchase additional insurance: 100% insurance of an order will cost 5% of your order's value (without shipping charge). Request for such additional insurance should be made at the time of submitting an order.
In case there is a loss of or damage to a package shipped via EMS Garantpost, by default you are entitled for reimbursement in the amount of two times shipping cost. If there is a loss of or damage to a portion of the shipment, you are entitled for reimbursement in the amount of the shipping cost.
FedEx limits its liability for loss, damage, misdelivery, nondelivery, or shortage to US$100 per shipment or $9.07 per pound (US$20.38 per kilogram), whichever is greater.
In case your order was damaged in transit, you must contact your local postal office and file a claim report with them. In addition, you must send to us a damage report with good images of damaged product (-s) and packaging. Both actions must be taked within 3 business days of receiving your parcel. If you're getting expensive or heavy items we advise you to open the parcel in the presence of an authorized postal official to avoid them saying it was you who damaged the parcel. If you miss the deadline for submitting damage claim and report, insurance will most probably refuse your claim.
15. Hyperlinks Are Not Endorsements
Links to other web sites or references to other products, services or publications do not imply the endorsement or approval of such web sites, products, services or publications by Istok Church Supplies Corp. or its affiliates.
16. Privacy
Under no circumstances (except for those provided by the law) will Istok reveal to a third party (unrelated to servicing your order) any information that we receive from you.
17. Copyright And Trademarks
Everything posted on Istok's site (-s), such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, databases, is the property of Istok Church Supplies Corp. or its content suppliers and protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Istok and protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. All software used on this site (-s) is the property of Istok or its software suppliers and protected by Canadian and international copyright laws.
All trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. You are not entitled to use any trademark in connection with any product or service without the express permission of the owner of that trademark. You should assume that all of the content or other works that are made available to you on this site is protected by copyright or other proprietary rights. You are not entitled to duplicate, create derivative works of, distribute, display or perform any Content without the express permission of the owner of that Content.
18. Your Conduct
Unacceptable actions and content on this site, listed below, will constitute grounds for blocking your access to this site, removal of posted material and non-fulfillment of your order. As condition of your use of this site and Istok's service, you shall not:
(a) Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or otherwise objectionable;
(b) Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements) or any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
(c) Harm minors in any way;
(d) Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through this site;
(e) Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software;
(f) Interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) this site or servers or networks connected to this site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to this site;
(g) Exhibit expressions of abuse, offensive language and imagery, obscenity, or pornography, including, but not limited to, child abuse, child pornography, depictions of minors engaged in sexual conduct or explicitly sexual situations, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable provincial or federal law, or violating any laws or regulations of any governing body having jurisdiction over Istok Church Supplies Corp., its affiliates or users.
19. License And Site Access
Istok Church Supplies Corp. grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Istok. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, images or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Istok Church Supplies Corp. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Istok and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Istok Church Supplies Corp.'s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Istok. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Istok. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Istok so long as the link does not portray Istok, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Istok's logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
20. Reviews, Comments, Communications, And Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Istok Church Supplies Corp. reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Istok and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Istok and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Istok or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Istok Church Supplies Corp. has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Istok takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
21. Disclaimer Of Warranties And Limitation Of Liability
THIS SITE AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH IT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ISTOK CHURCH SUPPLIES CORP. DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE. ISTOK CHURCH SUPPLIES CORP. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM ISTOK CHURCH SUPPLIES CORP. ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ISTOK CHURCH SUPPLIES CORP. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
WE ALSO MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
22. Applicable Law
By visiting Istok Church Supplies Corp., you agree that the laws of the province of Alberta, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Istok Church Supplies Corp. or its affiliates.
23. Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Istok.net or to products you purchase through Istok shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Calgary, Alberta, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Istok Church Supplies Corp.'s intellectual property rights, Istok Church Supplies Corp. may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any province or federal court in the province of Alberta, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
24. Our Address For Correspondence
Istok Church Supplies Corp.
Suite 4029, 918-16 Ave., NW
Calgary, AB T2M 0K3 Canada
www.istok.net
Revised on June 11, 2012
Church supplies categories
WHAT'S NEW
Vestments in Stock
Products on Sale
Altar items
Altar icons
Veils
Baptism Crosses
Baptism Dresses
Baptism Medallions
Baptismal Fonts
Beeswax Candles
Blessing crosses
Candle Stands
Candle Sticks
Dikiriy-Trikiriys
Hand candle-holders
Paschal three-candle holders
Small Table Candle Stands
Table Candle Stands
Censers
Chains for crosses/panagias
Church Banners
Church Bells
Souvenir Bells
Church Chandeliers
Church Furniture
Bishop's thrones
Holy Tables
Church Lecterns
Litya tables and other items
Memorial Tables and Panikhida Trays
Oblation Tables
Seats and church benches
Standing icon cases
Church Service Books
Church Sewing Items
Buttons
Cords
Cross sets
Hand-embroidered crosses
Machine-embroidered crosses
Fringes
Galloons
Tassels
Trims
Church Wall Lamps
Church Vestments
Belts
Bishop Vestments
Bishop Vestments (Black-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Black-Silver)
Bishop Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Bishop Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Green-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Red-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Bishop Vestments (White-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (White-Silver)
Bishop Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Bishop Vestments (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Greek Priest Vestments
Greek Priest Vestments (Black-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Black-Silver)
Greek Priest Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Greek Priest Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Green-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Red-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Greek Priest Vestments (White-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (White-Silver)
Greek Priest Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Greek Priest Vestments (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Russian Priest Vestments
Russian Priest Vestments (Black-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Black-Silver)
Russian Priest Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Russian Priest Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Green-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Red-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Russian Priest Vestments (White-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (White-Silver)
Russian Priest Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Russian Priest Vestments (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Epitrachelion Sets
Epitrachelion Sets (Black-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Black-Silver)
Epitrachelion Sets (Blue-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Blue-Silver)
Epitrachelion Sets (Claret-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Green-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Red-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Violet-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (Violet-Silver)
Epitrachelion Sets (White-Gold)
Epitrachelion Sets (White-Silver)
Epitrachelion Sets (Yellow-Gold)
Cassocks
Deacon Vestments
Deacon Vestments (Black-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Black-Silver)
Orarions
Deacon Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Deacon Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Green-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Red-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Deacon Vestments (White-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (White-Silver)
Deacon Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Deacon Vestments (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Subdeacon Vestments
Subdeacon Vestments (Black-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Black-Silver)
Subdeacon Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Subdeacon Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Green-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Red-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Subdeacon Vestments (White-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (White-Silver)
Subdeacon Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Subdeacon Vestments (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Clergy Sticharions
Clergy Sticharions (Black-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Black-Silver)
Clergy Sticharions (Blue-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Blue-Silver)
Clergy Sticharions (Claret-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Green-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Red-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Violet-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Violet-Silver)
Clergy Sticharions (White-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (White-Silver)
Clergy Sticharions (Yellow-Gold)
Clergy Sticharions (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Altar Server Stikharions
Altar Server Sticharions (Black-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Black-Silver)
Altar Server Sticharions (Blue-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Blue-Silver)
Altar Server Sticharions (Claret-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Green-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Red-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Violet-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Violet-Silver)
Altar Server Sticharions (White-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (White-Silver)
Altar Server Sticharions (Yellow-Gold)
Altar Server Sticharions (Yellow-Gold with Claret)
Altar Boy Robes
Child Sticharions (Black-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Black-Silver)
Child Sticharions (Blue-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Blue-Silver)
Child Sticharions (Claret-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Green-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Red-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Violet-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Violet-Silver)
Child Sticharions (White-Gold)
Child Sticharions (White-Silver)
Child Sticharions (Yellow-Gold)
Child Sticharions (Yellow Gold-Claret)
Holy Table Covers
Holy Table Covers (Black-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Black-Silver)
Holy Table Covers (Blue-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Blue-Silver)
Holy Table Covers (Claret-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Green-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Red-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Violet-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (Violet-Silver)
Holy Table Covers (White-Gold)
Holy Table Covers (White-Silver)
Holy Table Covers (Yellow-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments
Holy Table Vestments (Black-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Black-Silver)
Holy Table Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Holy Table Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Green-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Red-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Holy Table Vestments (White-Gold)
Holy Table Vestments (White-Silver)
Holy Table Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments
Oblation Table Vestments (Black-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Black-Silver)
Oblation Table Vestments (Blue-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Blue-Silver)
Oblation Table Vestments (Claret-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Green-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Red-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Violet-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (Violet-Silver)
Oblation Table Vestments (White-Gold)
Oblation Table Vestments (White-Silver)
Oblation Table Vestments (Yellow-Gold)
Other vestments
Mantles
Communion Chalices Cups
Crosiers
Crucifixions
Embroidered Products
Biblical verses and Christian scenes
General Clothing
Head Dresses
Klobuks & Kamilavkas
Mitres
Skufias
Icon Cases
Icon Shelves
Iconostasis
Incense and Fragrances
Incense burners
Jewelry
Sterling silver
Baptismal crosses
Medallions
Leather Products
Liturgical Fabrics
Metallic brocades
Black-gold
Black-silver
Blue-gold
Blue-silver
Claret-gold
Green-gold
Red-gold
Violet-gold
Violet-silver
White-gold
White-silver
Yellow-gold
Yellow-gold with claret
Rayon brocades
Black-gold
Black-silver
Blue-gold
Blue-silver
Claret-gold
Green
Red
Violet-gold
Violet-silver
White-gold
White-silver
Yellow-gold
Yellow-gold with claret
Cotton
Linen
Rayon
Velvet
Wool
Metal Religious Icons
Monastic Clothing
Orthodox Religious Icons
Orthodox icons of Christ
Orthodox icons of Theotokos
Orthodox icons of Holy Angels
Orthodox icons of Patron Saints
Orthodox Festal icons
Orthodox Folding Icons
Orthodox hand-painted icons
Other Byzantine religious icons
Matching icons - 1
Matching icons - 2
Matching icons - 4
Matching icons - 5
Matching icons - 6
Matching icons - 7
Matching icons - 8
Matching icons - 9
Matching icons - 10
Matching icons - 11
Matching icons - 13
Matching icons - 14
Matching icons - 15
Matching icons - 16
Matching icons - 17
Matching icons - 18
Wedding Icon Sets
Paintings
Panagias-Encolpions
Pectoral Crosses
Prayer Ropes
Prosphora Seals
Russian Crafts
Boxes
Embroidered Goods
Hand-painted woodenware
Service Items
Anointing Brushes
Baptism Boxes
Bishop Eagles
Church Vessels
Communion Sets
Communion Spoons
Holy Oil Vessels
Holy Water Sprinklers
Liturgical Diskoses
Liturgical Fans
Liturgical Plates
Liturgical Spears
Liturgical Stars
Reliquaries and Jewelry Boxes
Vigil Lytia Plates
Zeons Pitchers
Seven Branch Candle Stands
Shrouds (Epitaphios)
Souvenirs & Gifts
Tabernacles
Various Church Items
Wedding candles
Video
Vigil Lamps
Jewelry Vigil Lamps
Hanging vigil lamps
Porcelain vigil lamps
Table vigil lamps
Vigil lamp corbels
Votive glasses for vigil lamps
Wall lamps
Wedding Crowns
Books
Akademiya
Bogoslovie
Bogosluzhenie
History
General
Biographies
Children's books.
Art books
Photo Gallery
Main Page
Main
Bestsellers
Epitaphios: Shroud of Theotokos - 9
Epitaphios: Shroud of Theotokos - 10
Epitaphios: Shroud of Theotokos - 11
Epitaphios: Shroud of Christ - 13
Pectoral chest cross - 251
Church furniture: Holy altar table - 1
Baptismal cross no.19
Church candle stands: Candle-stand - 20
Floor candle stand for 3 candles
Floor candle stand for 24 candles
Manufacturers
ALR-P Wood Co.
FVR Metal Works Co.
Istok Church Supplies
Olv-Wood Co.
P-S Castings Co.
PSL Orthodox Trading
RS Church Works Co.
S&S Castings Co.
Sheve Carvings LLC
TRK Metal Works Co.
Other manufacturers...
Special
Gift certificates
Special offers
Sitemap
Products Map
On sale
Help
Contact us
FAQ
What are Events on Istok?
Wholesale church supplies
Discounts
Bonus points
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Product Map (A-Z)
Site Map
Social Bookmarks
Your cart
Cart is empty
Wish list
Authentication
Sign in
Register
Forgot password?
Your Quotes
Enter Quote Code
Request a Quote
Testimonials
The vestments are beautiful and I really am impressed with the quality. In the past I bought 2 cassocks from you and my brother bought my pectoral cross.
I will definitely be doing business with you in the future. Please convey my thanks....
Fr Deacon Francis Rella
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
The purple vestments arrived today, and I am very pleased.
I appreciate your patience with me.
God bless your good work! In Christ,
Fr. John Parsells
Christ the Savior Orthodox Church
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
The green vestments arrived and I am very pleased with them.
I again just want to express my gratitude for the beautiful work your people have done on the vestments themselves! Thank you so much!
Fr. David Meinzen
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
The items we received from Istok are stunning and I will be placing additional orders in the future.
Rev. Economos Apostolos Hill, Dean
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
Thank you for the beautiful vestments. My bishop likes them and wants to thank you.
Reader David Wegener
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
The anterri came yesterday and I am very pleased with it! Thank you!
Monk Proklos
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
The Cossack I ordered fits perfectly. You folks do a nice job. Thank you very much.
Subdeacon Basil Varquez
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
I received the set of vestments a few days ago and the fit is great.
They are more beautiful than I could imagine.
Thank you for all of your help through this order.
Robert Gajdos
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
Thanks a lot for very good service =)
Julio Reyes
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
My beautiful cross came today in record time. I am very happy with the service.
gregory varney
View Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial
News
Oct 27, 2020
Dear friends,
We've added some new products to our store:
468 Byzantine icons (hand-painted and copies of ancient wonder-working icons - you will be impressed);
9 blessing crosses;
new model of Russian semi-cassock.
You can conveniently see them on the What's New page.
We also are happy to offer special discounts on the products below:
70% off
Russian economy undercassock (podryasnik) standard-size with an order of Russian Priest vestments - metallic brocade B (violet-gold);
free Kosovorotka with an order of
Russian cassock (ryassa) standard-size;
15% off any two vestment sets (Bishop's, Priest's, Deacon's, or a combination thereof);
free Clergy shirt for Greek cassock (riasson);
25% off
Bishop panagia - A1381 Protection of the Mother of God;
25% off
Bishop panagia - A1381 Holy Trinity;
40% off
Pectoral cross - A204;
15% off
Bishop pectoral panagia - A167;
25% off
Censer - A1223;
25% off
Bishop panagia Theotokos Eleusa - A1010;
30% off
Bishop panagia Theotokos of Kazan - A1282;
25% off
Bishop panagia Theotokos of Iveron - A1117;
40% off Liturgical vessel for hot water - A1109;
20% off Censer - A1223;
$200 off Church floor candle-stand - 86 (80 candles);
15% off Floor candle-stand - 80 (for 52 candles);
20% off Floor Cross candle-stand;
20% off Floor Large sand candle-stand;
20% off Candle stand - 40 (for 40 candles);
20% off
Four-leg sand Church floor candle-stand;
20% off Church chandelier (khoros) Birds (6 lights);
20% off Seven-level church chandelier - 2 (91 lights);
20% off Three-level church chandelier - 10 (36 lights).
These special offers expire on Nov. 17/30, or until supplies last.
Note: Over the past weekend, our data centre in Netherlands experienced a major crash. Please note that all e-mails sent to us from around Friday afternoon through last Sunday have not been received.
All news
Subscribe
Become a provider
Click here to register as a provider
Affiliates
Click here to register as an affiliate
SSL
Online Payments
Blog
View Blog
News
View News
Contact Us
Site Map
Product Map
Shopping Cart
Home
E-mail us:sales@istok.net
CALL US: Toll-free +1-855-999-5-111
Search:
Advanced search
Select language:GermanEnglishFrenchRussianNorthern SamiSwedish
Users online:
204
anonymous customer(s)
Istok Church Supplies Corp.
Copyright © 1999-2020 Istok Church Supplies Corp.
Comodo SSL