https://www.iwflsports.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Disclosure Regarding Associate Business
www.iwflsports.com partakes in the popular Amazon Service LLC Associates Program. This is a supported endeavour in an advertisement which is built-in, so as to offer websites the chance to get paid for ads through marketing endeavours. This is completed when the advertising site links platforms with Amazon.com
Please be aware that Amazon, and all associated logos and signage, is the sole property of Amazon Inc This includes all related signage which is the sole trademark of Amazon Inc. and associates.
FTC Guidelines & According Compliance
This site is dedicated to placing all reasonable and necessary efforts to stay in-line with the most up to date FTC regulations and protocols. This commitment extends to guide product reviews and testimonials. As such, kindly be advised that:
The chief aim of this site is to offer comprehensive and accurate information for patrons, thereby offering increased resources to said patrons. This is to provide them with the chance to be fully informed when making buying choices.
This site may receive monetary compensation from retailers of a 3rd party nature, who have a view to selling products and services as marketed on this site.
Testimonials & Reviews
All testimony noted on this sate is offered to us by each individual at their sole discretion. All reviews are endeavored by those who have used the products and/or services and are offering their complete and honest opinions on same. Please note that said reviews are not entreated and those offering them do not receive any monetary consideration either retroactively or presently, nor were they promised same in the future.
Additional Reviews
Please note that, occasionally, we use additional reviews which were obtained through proper permissions.. These include reviews issued to major online retailers such as eBay and Amazon, in addition to others, as appropriate.
Privacy Policy
This policy details to the reader and user how we use personal information as retrieved on this website. You are hereby advised to look through these policies prior to continuing to use this site as well as before issuing to this site any personal information. Should you continue to use this site, it is hereby assumed that you accept the terms of this policy and all according details.
Kindly note that this policy and the regulations referenced herein are subject to changes. Any changes made will only be used on a proactive basis and not be applied to any previously obtained information. It is advisable to check in on this policy each and every time you visit this website so as to ensure your honest understanding of how your details, which you provide to the site, are used.
Important Caveat: The privacy referred to herein applies to this site only. Should you access any third-party links to other sites, you are subject to their policies and rules. Please be advised to check said sites policies as well.
Information Gathering
Please be advised that this site gathers personally verifiable details such as address, location, state, postal information, names, etc. Said details are gathered as provided by you when you use the site. Kindly note that all information collected is only as is willingly provided by the site’s users. All these details are essentially used to carry out your wishes, and, upon providing same, you grant us the ability to use this information within set parameters – such as including you on our mailing list.
Information on Rejecting/Accepting Cookies
It is worth mentioning that this site may use cookies, a tracking technology, when it is accessed. Though this is largely subject to the features on the site and accessed by the user, please note that same are used to gather information such as operating system, type of browser, and to inform us of how visitors use the site.
This aids us in customizing the site for future visitors, as well as those returning. Please note that personally verifiable details are not and cannot be gleaned by using cookies and many other tracking tech. That said, should personally verifiable information be provided up front, cookies may be attached to those details which could result in collection of said cookies whose tracking information may thereby be shared with others.
Google Features: Analytics
This site utilizes Google analytics. Please note that google tracks data pursuant to their policies in place for monitoring traffic on their system.
Sharing Information
Please note that we may choose to issue details per requests by government agencies, as well as certain accredited establishments, provided there is an according amount of repute and integrity. This is to assist in the prevention of fraud or to stay inline with an inquiry process. Conditions for this may result from:
Legal requirements as dictated by governing bodies.
Whenever the site is attempting to protect users or aid in the prevention of illegal activity and fraud.
When there is an ongoing inquiry into fraud or alleged fraudulent behaviour that was carried out up front. Said details are not offered to said companies and agencies for any business purposes such as marketing or promotions.
Protection of Children
This site believes that it is essential to offer extra security for underage individuals on the internet. Guardians, caregivers, and parents are hereby advised to carefully observe their charges’ internet behavior and activity. This will afford the opportunity to correct undesirable behavior. Please note that we do not collect traceable information on minors less than 13 years of age. That said, if any parent or guardian is given to understand that we have personally verifiable information related to an individual beneath the age of 13, please contact us such that we may quickly address same.
Mutually Provided Consent
Through continuing your use of this site, it is understood and assumed that you agree with our site’s policies and that you consent to the according terms and conditions.
Privacy Contact Information
If you are concerned with any of the information contained in this policy, if you do not fully comprehend same, or if you have any questions related to such, we can be reached through our Contact Us page.
This site retains the right and responsibility to adjust this privacy policy if and when the need presents. Any and all changes made to this policy will be made on this page; and, as such, it is recommended that you visit this page every time you return to the site.
Recent Posts
10 Best Clutch For Dodge Cummins 2020 | Upgraded Clutches For Pickup Truck
Top 3 Dodge Ram Hood Ornament: How To Install Vintage Head Hood on Dodge
10 Best Shocks For Dodge RAM 2500/3500 Gas/Diesel – Top Rated Shocks For RAM 2500 & 3500 Trucks
Top 10 Best Ball Joints For Dodge RAM 2500 & 3500 – Buyer’s Guide 2020
10 Best Injectors For 12V Cummins Dodge RAM Trucks (Review of Top Picks)