http://www.ajc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.ajc.org. This site (the “AJC Site”) is owned by American Jewish Committee ("AJC" or “we”). This privacy policy explains our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifying information that you may provide to us through this site.
1. What kinds of personally identifying information do we collect on the AJC Site?
When you register as a member, we ask you for your first name, middle initial, last name, suffix, title (if applicable), company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, and billing name and address.
When you sign up to donate to AJC, we ask you for first name, middle initial, last name, title, company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, and billing name and address.
When you sign up to donate to our ACCESS program, we ask you for your first and last names, address, e-mail address, phone number, and company name, credit card information, and billing name and address.
When you sign up to receive e-mail updates, we ask you for your full name, e-mail address and street address.
When you register for our Global Forum, you will be taken to the site of our conference registration provider where we ask you for your first name, last name, e-mail address, company name and title, home address, work phone, home phone, cell phone, credit card information and billing name and address.
2. How do we use the personally identifying information that we collect on the AJC Site?
We use the personally identifying information that is provided on your membership form as follows:
We upload that information into our membership database, which is hosted by, a third-party database service provider and shared with our regional affiliates.
Through our outside database service provider, AJC’s national office and/or your AJC regional office may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about AJC national, regional and local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from AJC about political and other developments, (iii) solicitations to support an AJC position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to AJC.
Your credit card will be processed in-house through the third-party database service provider.
AJC may share your telephone number with telemarketing companies whom it engages to solicit membership renewals. Those telemarketing companies may not use your telephone number for any purpose other than soliciting renewals of your AJC membership.
In the past, AJC might have provided your name and mailing address to one of the direct mail service providers that prints and distributes print mailings on AJC’s behalf and to a third-party service provider that helps us keep our direct mail lists accurate and current, but as of the date of this privacy policy, AJC will no longer do that.
Your credit card will be charged in-house through a software program that is hosted by an outside service provider.
If you give a gift online:
Your personally identifying information will be uploaded into our donor database, which we maintain at AJC’s national office and which is hosted by our outside database service provider.
If you provide your e-mail address in connection with your gift, your e-mail address will be added to our database. Through our outside database service provider, AJC’s national office and/or your AJC regional office may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about AJC national, regional and local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from AJC about political and other developments, (iii) solicitations to support an AJC position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to AJC.
Your credit card will be processed in-house through our third-party credit-card processor.
If you consent, we may include your name and mailing address in lists that we exchange with other select non-profit organizations.
If you sign up to receive information about ACCESS:
We will send you information about ACCESS membership and programs.
Through our outside database service provider, AJC’s national office and/or your AJC regional office may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about AJC national, regional and local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from AJC about political and other developments, (iii) solicitations to support an AJC position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to AJC.
If you ask to receive e-mail updates:
Through our outside database service provider, AJC’s national office and/or your AJC regional office may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about AJC national, regional and local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from AJC about political and other developments, (iii) solicitations to support an AJC position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to AJC.
If you register for the Global Forum or Other AJC Events:
Our registration provider stores the information you provide on the registration form and makes it available to us. We use it to confirm your registration and to send you e-mails directly and/or through that provider about the event for which you registered. Every e-mail will offer you the chance to opt out from future e-mails related to the event and all other AJC activities.
In addition, if you are not already a member of AJC, we will store your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number in our database.
If you have not opted out from receiving information that is not specific to the event for which you are registering, through our outside database service provider, AJC’s national office and/or your AJC regional office may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about AJC national, regional and local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from AJC about political and other developments, (iii) solicitations to support an AJC position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to AJC.
3. With whom do we share the personally identifying information that we collect on the AJC Site?
As noted above:
We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you register as a member with our outside database service provider, telemarketing companies, and our outside credit-card processor. We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you give a gift online with our outside database service provider and our outside credit-card processor, and if you have opted in, we may include your name and mailing address in lists that we exchange with other select non-profit organizations.
We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you sign up to receive information about ACCESS with our outside database service provider.
We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you register for the Global Forum with our conference registration service provider and, if you have opted in, with our database service provider.
If AJC assigns or otherwise transfers the operations of the AJC Site that relates to your personally identifying information, AJC will transfer your personally identifying information to the successor entity and use reasonable commercial efforts to require the buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this privacy policy.
If AJC is required to disclose your personally identifying information by any applicable law, court order, or government regulation, that company will comply with such law, court order, or regulation.
If you are a California resident, and you want to find out the names of any information brokers or any other third parties with whom we share your personally identifying information under California Privacy (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22575 et seq. (“Cal-OPPA”)), send a request to webmaster@ajc.org and within thirty (30) days, we will provide you with that information.
4. What other kinds of identifying information, such as IP addresses, is collected when you use the AJC Site?
The AJC Site also automatically collects aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity but that relates to your use of the AJC Site.This kind of information is “passively” collected from you through browser navigational tools, such as cookies and pixel tags.These types of technologies enable the AJC Site to compile statistics about our daily number of site visitors or specific page requests, while not identifying you personally, other than by your IP address, which is the Internet Protocol address of the computer that you use to access the Site.
A cookie is a small data file that a Web site transfers to a user's hard drive when a user visits the Web site.A cookie file can contain information such as a unique ID that the site uses to track the pages visited, and is a standard method of registering website user preferences.These preferences are stored in a file on your computer's hard disk drive.
We use “analytical” cookies to recognize and count the number of visitors to the AJC Site and to see how visitors move around the AJC Site when they’re using it.This helps us improve the way the AJC Site works, for example by making sure users find what they need easily.
The AJC Site uses both persistent and session cookies.Persistent cookies are cookies that stay on your computer permanently until you "manually" delete them. Session cookies delete themselves automatically when you leave a Web site and go to another one or shut down your browser.
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it.Rejecting a cookie, however, may preclude you from using, or may negatively affect the display or function of, the AJC Site or certain areas or features of the AJC Site.To learn more about cookies, including how to enable cookies, change your browser settings and find and delete cookies on your hard drive, please refer to your web browser's help menus or visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
5. Can any third party track your use of the AJC Site?
We use Google® Analytics.Google tracks where you go on the AJC Site and combines that information with information that Google may have about you through your Google account (if you have one) and/or through your use of other Web sites that use Google Analytics.Google and its affiliates may use cookies to serve advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on the AJC Site and on other Web sites that you visit.
We do not permit anyone other than Google and its affiliates to track your use of the AJC Site.
With some browsers, it is possible for a user to activate a “Do Not Track” signal, to indicate that the user does not want to be tracked across the Web sites that the user visits. The AJC Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals. In other words, if you have activated a Do Not Track signal in your own browser, the AJC Site will not take any action to block tracking by Google or its affiliates of your activity on the AJC Site.
6. How can you manage your personally identifying information on the AJC Site?
To keep your personally identifying information accurate, current, and complete, please contact webmaster@ajc.org.
7. How do we protect and maintain the integrity of your personally identifying information on the AJC Site?
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you transmit it from your computer to the AJC Site and to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the AJC Site may not be secure. Be careful about sending us any confidential information, and keep secure any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features that you use on the AJC Site.
We will retain your personally identifying information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or our data retention policies unless a longer retention period is required by law.
The AJC Site may contain links or references to other Web sites in addition to the ones we have already mentioned. Please be aware that we do not control such other Web sites and that, in any case, this privacy policy does not apply to those Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every Web site you visit.
8.  What information security precautions do we have?
AJC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.  To prevent unauthorized access and protect against the incorrect use of information, AJC strives to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards.  AJC had adopted a number of recognized standards to protect the privacy of your information.  These standards are supported by security monitoring tools, documented security policies, and periodic security audits by independent experts.  The AJC website security measures include 24 hour monitoring of site activities by our hosting service provider, SSL encryption (where allowable by law), and Payment Card Industry (PCI) certified compliance by AJC transaction service providers.  Inside AJC, data is stored in password-controlled servers in rooms with highly restricted physical access.  Personnel are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and sign a statement acknowledging they will maintain the confidentiality of your information before being granted access to such information.  No PCI data is stored on AJC servers.  We also protect user information off-line.  Access to user’s information is restricted to personnel who need the information to perform a specific job duty and no PCI information is stored in AJC offices.
9. How will you know if this policy has changed?
If this privacy policy changes, the revised policy will be posted here.Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifying information. This privacy policy was last updated on May 17, 2016.
10.  What information (collected online and offline) do we share about our donors?
Policy of No Sharing: As to donors AJC acquires on its own, AJC will not share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations unless the donor has given AJC specific written permission to do so.
Opt-out Policy: As to donors acquired through its direct mail solicitations, AJC enables donors to tell it to remove their names and contact information from lists AJC shares or sells.
Share This
Back to Top
Global Voice
Shabbat Hanukkah - AJC Shabbat Table
Israeli Political Rumblings; Jersey City Attack: One Year Later
AJC Applauds Morocco-Israel Agreement to Normalize Relations
Difficult Conversation & Global Jewish Advocacy: Lessons Of The Past Century
Sign Up to Stay Informed
Email address
Stay Connected
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube