http://www.bhayward.com.au/privacy-policy.html
Privacy
This Policy outlines the obligations which we at B. Hayward & Co have in managing the personal information we hold about our clients, potential clients, contractors and others. In summary, 'personal information' is information or an opinion relating to an individual which can be used to identify that individual.
Why do we collect personal information?
We collect personal information in order to conduct our business, to provide and market our services and to meet our legal obligations including checking for conflicts of interest.
About whom do we collect personal information?
The type of information we may collect and hold includes (but is not limited to) personal information about:
Clients, Business Associates and potential Clients and their Employees;
Suppliers and their Employees;
Prospective Employees and Contractors
What kinds of personal information do we collect?
In general, the type of personal information we collect and hold includes (but is not limited to): names, addresses, contact details, occupations, work carried out, documents held, relationships between individuals and other information which assist us in conducting our business, providing and marketing our services and meeting our legal obligations. In most cases, if personal information we request is not provided, we may not be able to supply the relevant product or service or our advice may be faulty as it is based on a ‘partial picture' not the ‘whole picture'.
useful reference Transient episodes of dizziness and weakness, as well as other signs of cerebral ischemia associated with postural hypotension, may occasionally .
How do we collect personal information?
Personal Information you provide: We will generally collect personal information by way of forms filled out by people, face-to-face meetings, interviews, business cards, telephone conversations, faxes, email and from third parties.
Personal Information provided by other people: In some circumstances we may be provided with personal information about an individual from a third party, for example a report provided by a valuer or a reference from another person.
How might we use and disclose your personal information?
We may use and disclose your personal information for the primary purpose for which it is collected, for reasonably expected secondary purposes which are related to the primary purpose and in other circumstances authorized by the Privacy Act. In general, we use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to conduct our business;
to provide and market our services;
to communicate with you;
to purchase from you;
to comply with our legal obligations; and
to help us manage and enhance our services.
To whom might we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose your personal information to:
other members of our firm;
other companies or individuals who assist us in providing services or who perform functions on our behalf (such as mailing houses, specialist consultants and barristers);
courts, tribunals and regulatory authorities; and
anyone else to whom you authorize us to disclose it.
We also collect personal information from these organizations and individuals, and deal with that information in accordance with this Policy.
Sending information overseas:
We will not send your personal information to recipients outside of Australia without obtaining your consent (in some cases this consent will be implied), unless required by law.
Sensitive information
Some personal information which we collect is ‘sensitive information'. Sensitive information includes: information relating to a person's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, trade union or other professional or trade association membership, sexual preferences and criminal record, that is also personal information; and health information about an individual. Sensitive information will be used and disclosed only for the purpose for which it was provided or a directly related secondary purpose, unless you agree otherwise, or where certain other limited circumstances apply (eg, where required by law).
Management of personal information
We undertake to take reasonable steps to protect the security of personal information. Our staff are required to respect the confidentiality of personal information and the privacy of individuals. We will take all reasonable steps to protect personal information held from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, for example by use of physical security and restricted access to electronic records. Where we no longer require your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to destroy it.
How do we keep personal information accurate and up-to-date?
We endeavor to ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. We encourage you to contact us in order to update any personal information we hold about you. Our contact details are set out below.
You have the ability to gain access to your personal information
Subject to the exceptions set out in the Privacy Act, you may gain access to the personal information which we hold about you by contacting Bernard Hayward or his authorized representative. We will require you to verify your identity and to specify what information you require. A fee may be charged for providing access. We will advise you of the likely cost in advance.
Updates to this Policy
This Policy will be reviewed from time to time to take account of new laws and technology, changes to our operations and practices and the changing business environment. The most current version of this Policy is located at http://www.bhayward.com.au and can be obtained by contacting Bernard Hayward or his authorized representative.
Enquiries
If you have any questions about privacy-related issues please contact Bernard Hayward or Jenny Lam.
B Hayward & Co
Lawyers & Conveyancers Authorized representative: Jenny Lam E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Phone:+61 2 8985 7999Facsimile: +61 2 8985 7977
Postal address: PO BOX 104 HURSTVILLE NSW 1481
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation