https://www.tubman.org/get-help/youth-programs/inspiring-youth.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Inspiring Youth is a referral program in which youth workers provide comprehensive and culturally responsive one-on-one mentorship and support, access to resources, and connections to positive activities and leadership opportunities for youth ages 10-17. Additional support is provided as needed.
What we offer:
One-to-one mentorship and ways to strengthen cultural and community connections; help with basic needs; planning out short and long term goals; legal support, including access to a range of other relevant services and resources that are meaningful for youth.
How we do it:
Trained youth and family workers from Tubman begin the journey by setting up a meeting at a location that works best for you and/or your child (school, place of residence, library, recreation center, coffee shop, virtually, etc.). They’ll work together with you and your child to design and explore interests, identify strengths and develop strategies to overcome any challenges.
From there, youth and family workers will meet regularly with your child – at least once per week either virtually or at a convenient location. They’ll help your child realize their strengths and meet their full potential. A few examples of this program in action are: getting them involved with recreational activities, career pathways or jobs, money management, leadership groups, strengthening relationships and/or improving school involvement, providing healthy outlets, as well as funds to cover enrollment fees for things like driver’s education, camps, tutoring assistance, in addition to many other service options.
By tapping into the passions and strengths of your child and connecting them to positive aspects of their communities, youth and family workers help young people take steps to realize their dreams.
What do we ask for?
The choice to participate is up to you and your child. This opportunity is provided at no cost and you can end at any time. We simply ask that your child engage regularly and meaningfully with their youth worker and that you support your child’s engagement in this opportunity as much as possible.
Currently, this program is available to Ramsey County and City of Minneapolis residents. Please refer to other Tubman programs if outside of these services areas.
We hope you’ll join us- we’re looking forward to working with you all!
If you’d like to be contacted about enrollment options, please enter your contact information below and one of our youth and family workers will follow up.
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.