http://www.connect2cupid.co.uk/static.php?html=privacy&s=s
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
We need to collect, store and process your personal information to allow us to provide this service to you, and we are required to obtain your consent to allow us to process your data. You give us that consent when you sign up to use our services by ticking the consent box or by pressing the submit button, but you can also revoke that consent whenever you change your mind.
This policy will explain everything you need to know about your data, and what we do with it.
1. WHO WE ARE
NSI (Holdings) Ltd. (2 Angel Square, EC1V 1NY, London) is the data controller, that means that we are responsible for the collection, processing and storage of your data.
(a) ABOUT OUR GROUP COMPANIES
We own many different social and dating websites and mobile apps. We call these our Group Companies. These Group Companies may operate our sites on our behalf or provide services to us that enable us to provide our Services to you, and in so doing may be required to process your data. Ultimately, we are responsible for ensuring our Group Companies use your data in accordance with the permissions you provide us.
(b) ABOUT OUR PARTNER SITES
Our Group Companies also have their own websites and mobile apps, and we want to allow you access to as many potential matches as possible within our large Group database. To enable this we will share your details across our Partner Sites and market our different products and services to you. You authorise us to reproduce and broadcast the information contained in your profile throughout all or part of our Partner Sites and our Group Companies for the purposes of delivering the services to you.
2. YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS/AMEND THE DATA WE HOLD
(a) Accessing the data we hold on you
You can request a copy of the data that we hold on you very easily. Copies are free, and we aim to respond within 14 days (in Europe within 30 days). Simply email our data protection team at
attaching a photo or scan of your photo ID (passport or driving licence) and a utility bill (to provide proof of your address). Upon verification of your identity we will email or post a copy of your data to you. If records of chat histories that might contain personal data of a third party are requested, we may redact their information unless you have their consent for us to share it.
(b) Amending/correcting the data we hold on you
We want to ensure all the data we hold on you is correct and up to date. Please contact us to make any amendments to our records by emailing .
(c) Changing your consent and opting out
You are free to change your mind about what personal data you permit us to hold. You can amend your settings through your account at any time, or contact .We must advise you, however, that opting out of certain data processing/storage options will result in a loss of functionality and effect the user experience.
(d) European right to "be forgotten"
If you live in Europe and use our services, you have the right to have all of your data erased when you stop using the services and close your account. We may need to keep a record of certain data for security purposes (to help police in case of criminal activity) or for payment processing (to prove to banks that we were authorised to take payments from you if you pay to use the services). Further detail on how long we keep data can be found below. If you wish to erase all your data, please contact Support or .
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
This is the important part of this policy – it states what data we collect, store and process about you, if you consent.
(a) We collect data when you sign up and create or edit your profile
We will collect your personal details including but not limited to your user name, email address, date of birth, telephone, gender and any other information you submit when you create a profile and sign up to our Services.
(b) We collect data when you communicate with our Support team
If you contact customer support we will retain any information you provide to us, including records of correspondence.
If you provide feedback to us, take part in any customer survey, or participate in competitions we run, we will retain any information you provide.
(c) We collect data when you make use of the services
If you are browsing our site, messaging other users, updating your profile or performing any other activity within our services, we will collect the following data:
Any information you upload to your profile, including your photos and videos
Any messages you send to or receive from us or other users through the services
A record of your activity including winks, block lists and search histories
Details of any transactions that you carry out, including any information we require to provide the products or services that you sign up to
Data from your other social network accounts if they are linked to our sites
Your location according to the IP address assigned to your computer or mobile device by your Internet Service Provider, and your mobile location data
Usage data about how you use our site. This is what we consider Anonymous Data, which we collect using Cookies
Please read below about the specifics of these data types and how we collect them from you.
(d) Information we collect from other social networks that you use
Some of our services have the ability to link your use of the services to other social networks you have access to. If you have an account with another social network, e.g. Facebook, you can share the data you have on our site with that network. To enhance your experience and create a personalised service, we may ask you to login to your Facebook account. By doing so you grant us access to your information stored on your Facebook profile, including without limitation your personal information, photographs, videos, interests and locations. When you login to this other network or install our app, we will receive basic information from you, including but not limited to your name, email address, photos, gender, networks, user ID, friends list and any other information you make public. If you have logged into other social networks and linked them to any of our profiles, you grant permission for us to post updates, including location information, on your behalf, therefore please exercise caution. You can turn off location data – see below.
(e) Information we collect about your location
We can collect location data from your computer and/or mobile device. When accessing the services from a mobile device you will be given the option to allow location sharing with our application. If you do not wish to share your location data with us, please turn off this feature by following your mobile device instructions. We can track your IP address if you are using a computer to access the services. If you are using a mobile device we use GPS with an accuracy range of 20 to 100 metres. Although location data is anonymous and can not be used to identify you, it can be shown to other users, so please exercise caution if you do not wish to publicise your location. If you choose to change or turn off location sharing, in order to provide you with a more localised service and localised matches, we will show you as being at a randomly generated location within the postal code area that you have provided. We also use your location data to research our own services, develop new products and improve our services, including using third parties to help us provide the Services to you and develop new ones, and targeted advertising to suit your user experience. Your devices can provide information about the device including the brand, model, operating system version, installed app details, email accounts, mobile carrier and so on. We may also connect your account with location data from Foursquare and show your Foursquare check-ins on a map.
(f) Information we collect about your Contacts
Some features of the Services allow you to share your user experience with people you know ("your Contacts"), or to invite them to join the Services. When given the option to do so you can choose to upload your Contacts information; we will request their name and email address. If you give us your password to upload these Contacts through a web based email provider, we shall not store your password after you have uploaded your Contacts’ addresses. You may also choose to invite friends through your connected social networks. You assume all responsibility for ensuring that when you select a friend to be invited by email, application or SMS that this person wants to receive this invite from you.
4A. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION – AN OVERVIEW
We process data we collect from you for the following core purposes:
To administer your user account with us (including notifying you of any compatible matches, tips, announcements, updates, special offers or services, should you consent to this)
To help us improve the structure, layout and usability of the Services
To allow you to participate in any interactive features of the Services (including features that require a mobile phone number)
To help personalise your repeat visits to and usage of the Services
To notify you of any compatible matches or any matches who are near your location
To provide you with information on products or services or news and offers that you request from us
To answer any questions you may raise or respond to any comments you may send to us
To notify you about changes to our service or the functionality of the Site
To carry out market analysis and research
To ensure that you are complying with the terms and conditions of use and our statutory and regulatory obligations
Providing our products and services
We use the information we collect about you:
(1) to fulfil your requests for our products, programs, and services;
(2) to respond to your inquiries about our offerings;
(3) to provide, personalize, and improve our offerings; and
(4) to offer you other products, programs, or services from ourselves and our affiliates, business partners, and selected third parties that we believe may be of interest to you.
We may also use information that we collect about you to:
(1) perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services, or content offered by others; or
(2) develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Website and other websites, including displaying our advertisements to you when you visit other websites.
We use the information we collect for our online forums and communities to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, on one or more occasions, to offer you products, programs, or services.
If you choose to submit content, we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us on our Website, the Internet, or elsewhere.
Profiling
To suggest matches to you we perform "profiling" on your data, which means our system analyses your data, determines the most suitable users to match you with, and suggests those matches to you. You give us consent to carry out this profiling when you tick the consent box or press the submit button at sign up.
Communications
We use information about you to communicate with you, including:
(1) to notify you when we make changes to our terms;
(2) to otherwise enforce or exercise any rights in our terms;
(3) to fulfil a request by you for an online newsletter;
(4) to confirm purchasers you have made through our Website; or
(5) to contact you about your account with us (including managing your account and providing you with customer support).
If offered, you may also choose to receive push notifications from us on your mobile device. Please note that any communication from other users passes through our internal systems, which we use to match the message to you and generate an email notice without disclosing any information aside from your chosen screen name and the information contained in your profile.
We use the information that you provide about others to allow us to send them invitations, gifts, cards, or other content on your behalf or through our Website. Occasionally, we may also use this information to offer products, programs, or services to them.
Mobile device data usage
When you access our Website on a mobile device, we may use the information collected for any purpose stated in this privacy policy.
Use of non-personal information
We use aggregate information about our users and non-personal information that we collect to improve the design, functionality, and content of our Website and to allow us to personalize your experience with our Website and offerings. We use this information:
(1) to provide, maintain, personalize, protect, improve, and develop our products, programs, and services and to operate our business;
(2) to analyze usage and performance of our Website (including to perform ad tracking and website or mobile application analytics); and
(3) for us and our affiliates, business partners, and selected third parties to offer you products, programs, or services.
Safety and security
We may monitor your activity to ensure that you and other users are complying with our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, and to monitor any suspicious activity on our sites. This may include monitoring your photos, content, profiles, message and chat histories and other activities you perform on the site.
4B. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION – IN DETAIL
(a) Creation of duplicate profiles across our Partner Sites
When you sign up to any one of our Services we will send you an email shortly afterwards advising that we have created a duplicate profile on our Partner Sites to enhance your chance of finding a suitable match, free of charge. When we email you about this you will have the option to decline this service.
(b) Important notice about how we use your photographs
As we explain in our Terms of Use, when you upload a photo to any of our Services you are allowing us to use that photo for advertising and other commercial purposes, royalty free. For full details, please refer to our Terms of Use – Licence to My Content.
(c) How we use your information about your Contacts
If you choose to upload your Contacts’ names and email addresses and/or mobile numbers you are allowing us to send an email or social network or mobile invitation on your behalf, inviting your Contacts to join the Services. We will store your Contacts’ names and email addresses solely for the purposes of inviting them to sign up to our Services and for associating your Contacts with you and other people they may know. If your Contact does not want us to store their email address which you uploaded to our Services, they can ask us to remove it by contacting our support team. We will not store your Contact’s information after invitations (up to a maximum of 3) have been sent. Your Contact will then only receive future emails from us if they choose to accept the invitation and join our Services, or if you use any of our tools to share experiences with your Contacts and you input their email address for us to use again.
(d) When we disclose your information to third parties and why
Legal disclosures
We may be required by law, e.g. through potential or actual litigation, court order, public or governmental authorities, or rules and regulations within or outside your country of residence to disclose all or part of your information to third parties. We may also determine it necessary to make such a disclosure in the event of an issue of national security, law enforcement or other such similar situations as we deem necessary including, for example, allegations of alleged infringement of copyright, trademarks or other third party rights by users.
Third Party Service Providers
We share your personal information with third party service providers in order to provide the Services to you, including third parties who assist us with information processing, credit and payment processing, fulfilment of your subscription order, managing and hosting data, and conducting consumer research or satisfaction surveys. These disclosures relate to providing our Services, improving our Services and delivering targeted advertising to you. We do not provide your contact details to third parties for direct marketing by them to you without your express consent. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties.
Change of ownership of the business
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy assets. In such transactions, the information we have collected about you will generally be one of the transferred business assets. In the unlikely event that any of our group companies or assets are purchased, your information will also be one of the transferred assets. We may share information about you with:
Other companies in the same corporate group as us
A buyer or prospective buyer of our business
Our professional advisers, such as our lawyers, where it is necessary for them to advise
Other persons if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal obligation
Business partners
When you register or make purchases on our Website or click-through our advertisements offered on third-party websites or applications, we may share your personal information with the businesses with which we collaborate to offer you the applicable products, services, or advertisements. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
Advertisement servers
At our Website, third parties may present or serve advertisements, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and website analytics, as well as assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to and governed by their own privacy policies. They may also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, and other information about you or your device in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Website and elsewhere.
Aggregated or non-personal information
We may share your non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with other companies and third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Website and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We may also combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources.
5. MARKETING
(a) When we market to you directly about our products and services
We may share your information with our Partner Sites and Group Companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising of our Partner Sites and Group Companies’ products and services to you, or to help us to prepare marketing reports. We may send you information about our Partner Sites and Group Companies’ products and services, news and offers, and selected third party products and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may do this by contacting you through your email address or mobile phone number that you have provided. Any communication received from us, as consented to by you, will clearly state that it is being sent by us. You have the option to opt-out of our marketing communications at any time (see below).
(b) When third parties market to you (Our "third party Partner Services")
If you have consented to receive marketing communications from third parties, referred to as Partner Services, your data may be passed on to such third parties as we enter into data sharing agreements with them for marketing and analytical reporting purposes. We cannot be held liable for the content of the third party’s communications or products/services they are promoting. If you have provided this consent, but change your mind, you can opt-out at any time (see below). Please be advised that you will also be required to contact the individual third parties who have been marketing to you if you wish to stop receiving their communications directly.
(c) Opting Out of Marketing
If you change your mind about the marketing consent you have granted to us, you can amend your preferences under the "My Account" section of your chosen Site or by emailing us at unsubscribe-br@cupid.com.
6. WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATA
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a location outside the European Economic Area ('EEA'), including but not limited to Canada, where we host our servers. It may also be processed by law enforcement agencies, employees and independent contractors of our Group Companies located outside the EEA who work for us or our suppliers (for example, staff who are involved in providing services that you order from us, processing your payment details or providing support services to us). By submitting your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storage and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
7. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA FOR
Generally speaking, we only store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Services to you and others, with information typically being held until you cancel your membership.
For data storage purposes, our users are considered as either being:
(a) Active Users: this means you regularly log on to our Services and use the Services in any way;
(b) Inactive Users: this means that you have not cancelled your account but you have not logged in for 9 months or conducted any activity on our Services in that time;
(c) Cancelled: this means that you have followed our cancellation process and actively cancelled your membership.
(a) Active Users
If you are an Active User we will store your data until you cancel your account.
(b) Inactive Users
If you are an Inactive User, you should be aware that we will continue to store your data until you cancel your account, and continue to market to you if you have provided consent for us to do so. If you do not log in for several months, you will still appear in our search results for other users, and your profile will remain visible for your convenience should you choose to return to the site. The responsibility to change your preferences or cancel your account lies with you.
(c) Cancelled Users
If you are a Cancelled User, we will delete all of your data 9 months after the date of cancellation. It is important that we retain your data for this short period after cancellation to ensure that we can answer any payment or other account related queries, or provide information to third parties in line with our disclosure provisions outlined in this policy, e.g. assisting police investigations. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines. We cannot control, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
(d) Storage of activity data
Whilst we retain your Personal Data, Sensitive Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as outlined in (a) to (c) above, there are some features of our Services that we store data in respect of for different periods of time. For example, messages are only stored for 30 days, winks and other similar activities are stored for 10 days. All other profile and activity information, including photographs, blocked lists, search histories etc. are stored until 9 months after your account has been cancelled.
(e) Banned and terminated users
If your account is ever terminated by us, you are detected as a potential or actual scammer, or a potential or otherwise threat to our business or our users, your email address will be retained on our internal blacklist for as long as we deem necessary to protect the business and its users.
8A. HOW WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURE
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. We take reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input, and storing your information in encrypted form behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your information, transmissions on the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Moreover, we cannot assure you that your personal information that we collect will not be used or disclosed inconsistently with this privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability for disclosure of any of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond our reasonable control.
8B. HOW YOU CAN HELP KEEP YOUR OWN DATA SECURE
We recommend and encourage you (and all our members) to think carefully about the information you disclose.
Don’t put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers’ license details, and other sensitive information in your profile
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your profile, including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no requirement to do so
Please remember that photographs or any video clips that you post on the Website may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. Where you do upload and choose to share sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to us processing your information and making this public to other users
When you post information about yourself or use the messaging service, the amount of personal information you share is at your own risk. In addition, these postings may appear on other websites or in searches on the subject matter of your posting. If you post anything that is inconsistent with our terms, we reserve the right to terminate your account.
9. OUR COOKIE POLICY
We may collect information about your computer or mobile device by using Cookies. If you use our site you are consenting to the use of Cookies as explained here. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit and provide statistical data to us. They do not identify you personally, but tell us a lot about your browsing habits, which helps us to tailor your user experience to suit your needs. We use cookies to enhance our security, help us gather information during subscription and understand our web traffic trends and to share your non-personal information with carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the Services according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to any website or application
To provide anonymised statistical information: Non-personal data may be gathered on our behalf using cookies, log file data, and code that is embedded on our websites by specific third party partners to help these selected third parties deliver relevant advertisements to you.
We use this cookie information to help improve the services we provide to you. When you visit the publicly available sections of the Services, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only exists for the duration of your current visit. We also place persistent cookies (also known as local storage devices) on members’ computers to make your login in process faster and easier.
Controlling and deleting cookies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. We explain how you can exercise this right below. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Sites and the websites of other companies. You may block cookies:
by using the opt-outs provided below
by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
through your browser, as explained below
You can also block cookies by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility). Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
Further information about cookies, including how to find out what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
What cookies are used for and why we use them on this Site
This table shows the cookie functions and why they are used, although our uses may change over time and it is therefore important that you revisit this page to understand any updates to these uses:
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Analytics and Research
We use the information collected by Google Analytics to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited. You can opt-out of Google Analytics here.
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members, so that when you’re logged in you can enjoy all of the features without having to continually log in – our website "remembers" you and allows you full access without the need to keep entering your log in details.
Security and Site Integrity
We may use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep the Site and our members safe and secure by protecting the Site from fraud and spam attacks to keep your data safe.
Site Features and Services
These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our members enjoy, such as uploading of photographs, chats, instant messaging, account settings etc. We also use cookies to help provide experiences, such as links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content between the website and your favourite social networks. In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data, therefore you should always read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use the Site include Twitter and Facebook, whose own privacy policies apply.
Performance
We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience, such as assisting with your navigation of our site, ensuring pages load up quickly and responding to your requests more promptly.
Ad Serving & Behavioural Advertising
We sell space on our websites to advertisers. We use several services to help us and advertisers understand what adverts you might be interested in. These cookies hold information about the computer - they do not hold personal information about you (i.e. they are not linked to you as an individual), but they might hold a record of what other websites you have visited - so we may show you a car advert if you've previously visited a motoring website.
Advertisements on this Site and the other sites you visit are provided by other organisations. Our advertising partners will serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visits to the Site and other websites. In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer.
For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu and select your country.
These are some examples of the services we use and how you can control those cookies. This list is not exhaustive and is subject to change. Please visit www.youronlinechoices.com for active cookie management on your device. Please note that turning off advertising cookies won't mean that you are not served any advertising, merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
OpenX (advertising): Privacy policy and opt-out via http://www.openx.com/about/privacy-policy
VisualDNA (ad relevancy): Privacy policy at http://www.visualdna.com/cookie-policy and you can opt out via http://my.visualdna.com/permissions
Lotame (ad relevancy): Privacy policy at http://www.lotame.com/privacy/ and opt out via http://www.lotame.com/opt-out-preference-manager
Doubleclick (advertising): Privacy policy at http://www.google.com/doubleclick/privacy/ and opt out via http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
eXelate (ad relevancy): Privacy policy and opt out via http://exelate.com/consumer-opt-out/
Google Adsense (ad partner): Privacy policy at https://support.google.com/adsense/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&utm_medium=link&gsessionid=DyXLmLB1J1MxXckh6tX6AQ&utm_campaign=ww-ww-et-asfe_&utm_source=aso&answer=48182 and opt-out via https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
10. OUR RIGHT TO AMEND THIS POLICY
We regularly review our privacy policy and will post any changes to it on this page. We encourage you to frequently check our privacy policy to make sure you are up to date on what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we may share it with other parties. We may also contact you from time to time to advise of any changes if we feel such notification is necessary depending on the extent of the changes.
11. LINKS TO OTHER THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our websites, apps, and promotional materials, may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our third party networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
12. ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR CHILDREN USING THE INTERNET
We do not solicit or target persons younger than legal age for collection of information online. Our Site does not permit children under the age of 18 to become users and we do not accept any information from children. By submitting information to us you represent that you are over the age of 18. We encourage minors to seek the consent of their parents before providing any information about themselves or their households to anyone on the Internet. We encourage parents to take an active role in protecting the privacy and security of their children and to prevent the inappropriate use of information about their children. We support the development of technologies that help parents to control the collection and use of personal information from children who use online services in their households.
13. SPECIAL TERMS FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, USA
If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: (1) information identifying any third party company to whom we may have disclosed, within the past calendar year, personal information concerning you and your family for our direct marketing purposes; and (2) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. You must make a request in writing to us to obtain this information. We will not process your request unless it includes your name and email address, the URL for the website you visited, and a return address. We will only honour one request per calendar year. Please contact our customer support team to make your request.
14. QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, then please contact our data protection officer:
L.R. EDISON
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
NSI (Holdings) Ltd
15. GOVERNING LAW
The laws of England and Wales govern this privacy policy and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter (including non-contractual disputes or claims). If a conflict exists between this English language version and any translated copies of the privacy policy, the English version will prevail.
16. COMPLAINTS
We take data protection very seriously. If you have concerns or complaints please address these to
L.R. EDISON
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
NSI (Holdings) Ltd
If you are not happy with how we handle any complaint, you are able to raise a complaint at any time with your country’s national data protection authority. If you live in the UK, this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office.