http://www.mourant.com/footer/legal-and-regulatory-notices.aspx
Let us know you agree to cookies
We use cookies to give you the best online experience.Please let us know if you agree to all these cookies.
Yes, I agree
Legal and Regulatory Notice and Disclaimer
Mourant LP is a limited partnership registered under Jersey law. The registered office of Mourant LP is 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PX, Channel Islands. Mourant LP is a group governance and coordinating entity. It does not advise on the laws of any jurisdiction. References to 'Mourant LP Partner' throughout this site refer to individuals who are Limited Partners of Mourant LP.
Legal Services
Mourant Ozannes is the business name of the separate law firm partnerships, each of which advises, respectively, on British Virgin Islands ("BVI"), Cayman Islands, Guernsey and Jersey law.
Mourant Ozannes BVI partnership is a general partnership constituted under the laws of the BVI. Its business address is 5th Floor, Waters Edge Building, Meridian Plaza, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
Mourant Ozannes Cayman partnership is a general partnership constituted under Cayman Islands law. Its business address is 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, PO Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY11108, Cayman Islands.
Mourant Ozannes Guernsey partnership is a general partnership constituted under Guernsey law. Its business address is Royal Chambers, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 4HP, Channel Islands.
Mourant Ozannes Jersey partnership is a general partnership constituted under Jersey law. Its business address is 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PX, Channel Islands.
Governance Services
Mourant Governance Services is a business name registered by Mourant Services (Jersey) Limited and licensed to a group of companies owned by Mourant LP that provide trust and company administration services. Further details of these companies are set out below.
Cayman Islands
Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited is regulated by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority whose contact details are available from www.cima.ky.
Mourant Liquidators (Cayman) Limited, Mourant Secretaries (Cayman) Limited, Mourant Directors (Cayman) Limited, Mourant Nominees (Cayman) Limited and Mourant Trustees (Cayman) Limited are wholly owned subsidiaries of Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited and are authorised to conduct various types of business by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority.
The registered office and contact details of these companies are as follows: 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, PO Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY11108, Cayman Islands.  Telephone: +1 345 949 4123.
Guernsey
Mourant Governance Services (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 34501) is regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission under the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 2000.  Mourant Nominees (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 50147), Mourant Trustees (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 50153), Mourant Directors One (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 58423), Mourant Directors Two (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 58424) and Mourant Secretaries (Guernsey) Limited (registration number 58422) are wholly owned subsidiaries of Mourant Governance Services (Guernsey) Limited and are regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission under the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 2000.
The registered office and contact details of these companies are as follows: Royal Chambers, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 4HP, Channel Islands. Telephone: +44 1481 723 466.
Mourant Securities Limited (registration number 49057), a company owned by Mourant LP, is a Category 1 Listing Member of The International Securities Exchange. The registered office and contact details of Mourant Securities Limited are as follows: Royal Chambers, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 4HP, Channel Islands. Telephone: +44 1481 723 466.
Hong Kong
Mourant Governance Services (Hong Kong) Limited is a private limited company registered in Hong Kong. The registered office of this company is 1009, 10/F Gloucester Tower, Landmark, 15 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.
Jersey
Mourant Governance Services (Jersey) Limited is regulated for the conduct of trust company business by the Jersey Financial Services Commission under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998.
Mourant Secretaries (Jersey) Limited, Mourant Fiduciary (Jersey) Limited, Mourant Property Trustee One (Jersey) Limited, Mourant Property Trustee Two (Jersey) Limited and Mourant Corporate Trustee (Jersey) Limited are wholly owned subsidiaries of Mourant Governance Services (Jersey) Limited and are regulated for the conduct of trust company business by the Jersey Financial Services Commission under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998.
The registered office and contact details of these companies are as follows: 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PX, Channel Islands. Telephone: +44 1534 676 000.
Mourant Securities Limited, a Guernsey registered company (see Guernsey section for more information on this company) also carries on business in Jersey through a branch. The branch's address and contact details are as follows: 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PX, Channel Islands. Telephone: +44 1534 676 000.
United Kingdom
Mourant Governance Services (UK) Limited is a private limited company registered in England and Wales, no.11552614. The registered office of this company is 1 Poultry, London, United Kingdom, EC2R 8EJ.
Mourant Process Agent (UK) Limited is a private limited company registered in England and Wales, no.08231692.  The registered office and contact details of this company are as follows: 1 Poultry, London, EC2R 8EJ. Telephone: +44 20 7796 7600.
All references in the remainder of this section to Mourant should be taken to mean Mourant LP, the separate law firm partnerships trading under the name "Mourant Ozannes", the group of companies trading under the name Mourant Governance Services, Mourant Securities Limited and their respective associates or subsidiaries.
Disclaimer
The materials contained in this website (including any publications or documents) are provided for general information purposes only and do not constitute legal or other professional advice and should not be acted or relied upon as such.
Professional advice appropriate to the specific situation should always be obtained.  While every effort has been made to ensure that the information contained on this website is complete and accurate at the date of publication, Mourant gives no warranty as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the information contained on this website, and accepts no liability arising from any inaccuracy or omissions in or the use of or reliance on the information contained on this website.
This website is subject to the laws of Jersey, Channel Islands and the jurisdiction of the Jersey courts. Any communication with this website shall be deemed to have taken place in Jersey, Channel Islands, irrespective of where the remote user may physically be located.
Copyright
The copyright in the content, design, graphics, layout, visual images and downloadable material on this website is owned by Mourant LP. Permission is granted to view, download and print any of the content and downloadable material on this website for personal use only. No other copying, distribution, modification, republication or other use of the content or materials on this website is permitted without the express written permission of Mourant LP.
Fraudulent Emails
Mourant has been made aware that fraudulent emails are being sent to members of the public purporting to come from an individual who works at the firm.  We wish to inform the public that Mourant has no involvement with these emails.
Members of the public are advised not to respond to any request to provide personal or confidential information in these scam emails.
When a firm's or individual's identity has been copied exactly (or cloned), due diligence is necessary.  If you receive correspondence claiming to be from Mourant you should conduct your own due diligence by checking the authenticity of the correspondence by contacting Mourant directly by reliable and established means.
For further guidance please visit http://www.actionfraud.police.uk/
Data Protection
The Mourant Group has a global data protection policy and applies a standard across all of its offices based on the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
To the extent that use of this website requires the provision of personal data by any individual, that personal data will be processed in accordance with the Mourant Group Privacy Notice, available by clicking the link headed "Privacy Notice".
Share
Send
Print
Tweet
LinkedIn
British Virgin IslandsCayman IslandsGuernseyHong KongJerseyLondon
mourant.com