https://www.tubman.org/give-help/volunteerintern/our-process.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
How to become a volunteer or intern at TubmanThe following are the usual steps taken to bringing on individual volunteers and interns at Tubman.
Complete the volunteer/intern application
Have a conversation with a team member
Have a conversation with a team member
After an application is submitted, a member of the Intern and Volunteer Team will reach out to set up a phone conversation where we get to know more about the applicant!
Face-to-face interview
Face-to-face interview
We require face-to-face interviews for all volunteer and internship positions. Exceptions may be made for Skype/WhatsApp/Facetime interviews if an applicant is unavailable to come into Tubman.
Reference checks and criminal background check
Reference checks and criminal background check
After the face-to-face interview, if or before a position offer is made, the Intern and Volunteer team require reference checks and a criminal background check before prospective volunteers and interns begin training and their service.
There is a section on the application to provide three (or more) references. References should NOT be immediate or extended family members or significant others/partners.Good references to list:
former/current supervisors
professors/teachers
coworkers
friends who have known you for more than 6 months.
Criminal background checks are required for all positions for applicants 18 years old and older at the time of applying. Tubman acknowledges that having criminal charges are a barrier to many, and to minimize that barrier, we review the results on a case-by-case basis. If applicants are financially able, we do ask for a voluntary contribution of $20 at the beginning of training to cover the cost of the background check.
If there are questions about the criminal background check or reference process, please call 612.825.3333.
Paperwork
Paperwork
We require the following forms to be returned for all volunteers and interns before the beginning of training:
Criminal background check authorization, Emergency medical information, Volunteer/Intern Handbook.
Supplementary paperwork will be given dependent upon position. If positions require driving Tubman vehicles, we would also ask for copies of a valid driver's license and auto insurance, and will provide authorization forms for a driving background check.
Orientation and training
All volunteers and interns are required to attend Tubman's five-part orientation and training series before beginning their service. The training series is offered three times a year - January, May, and August/September. Condensed trainings specifically for Personal Shoppers in Harriet's Closet and Childcare Assistants are held three times a year in March, July, and October.
Not all positions require the full five parts to be attended, but everyone is welcome to attend all. Click the "Orientation and training" title or the "Training" tab on the side to view the current and upcoming training schedules. Site orientations and shadow-shifts are scheduled between the site supervisor and the volunteer/intern.
For questions about the orientation and training series, please call 612.825.3333.
Begin!
After these steps are complete, you're ready to begin!
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.