http://www.niassembly.gov.uk/about-the-assembly/corporate-information/policies/privacy-policy/
In light of the public health situation, Parliament Buildings is closed to the public.
No public tours, events or visitor activities will take place, until further notice.
Assembly business continues, check the business diary for information on Plenary and Committee meetings.
Corporate Information
FOI
Policies
Parliament Buildings CCTV Policy
Complaints Procedure
Corporate Governance Framework
Data Protection Policy
Disability Action Plan
Equality Scheme 2016 - 2021
National Fraud Initiative
Good Relations Action Plan
Cookies & Privacy Policy
Sustainable Development
Equality Policies
Events in Parliament Buildings and its Grounds Policy (2016)
Inclusive Customer Service Policy
The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission Corporate Strategy 2018 to 2023
Principal Officers and Officials
Publications
Secretariat
Sustainability
Northern Ireland Assembly Commission Privacy Policy
The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out how the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission uses and protects any information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, when you use our website www.niassembly.gov.uk. Please read the policy to understand our views and practices regarding personal data and how we will treat it. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission, Parliament Buildings, Ballymiscaw, Stormont Estate, Belfast, BT4 3XX.
In order to provide full access to our website we sometimes need to collect information about you and how it will be used. This Privacy Policy provides details on the use of cookies on the website and how you can control and delete these cookies. This policy therefore applies to information we collect about:• Visitors to our website;• Feedback information you provide to us through the website;• Personal Details you provide in requesting further information and subscribing to information through the website;
Visitors to our website
When someone visits our website at www.niassembly.gov.uk we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting any part of our website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and we will explain what we intend to do with it.
The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc
_utmv _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
For more information please see the link below: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Online notification form cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
Session cookie sent to the web browser. Used when you open the browser and then go to a website that implements ASP.NET session state. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
.EPiTrace
This cookie enables the content management system (the software we use to publish content on the site) to provide a graphical view of the current traffic on the site which we use to monitor spikes in visitor numbers and manage response times.
Use of cookies and how to control and delete cookies
The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings.  The Help function within your browser should tell you how.Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.  Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the website.
Third Party Cookies
Google Analytics
The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.  Google Analytics sets cookies on the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission website on its behalf in order to compile reports for us on user activity.
Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  By using the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How to reject or delete this cookie
If you would like more information about the cookies used by Google Analytics, as well as information on how to opt-out, please see their individual privacy policy in the link below:http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
Cookies set by Third Party Sites and Information gathered by Third Party Sites
When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, Facebook, Flickr, YouTube or Twitter, you may be presented with cookies from these websites and you may provide personal information to these sights when you sign up for notifications and subscriptions or when you leave a comment.
Please not that the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission does not control the dissemination of these cookies or the information you provide them. You should check the relevant third party website for more information about these and urge you to review these as they will govern the use of information you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites.
Facebook – www.facebook.com/about/privacyTwitter - http://twitter.com/privacySoundcloud - https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacyYou Tube - http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/Flickr Privacy Policy - http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/uk/yahoo/Feedburner - https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=ukMailChimp - https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/Vimeo - https://vimeo.com/privacyGoogle+ - https://policies.google.com/privacy
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Information we may collect from you - Feedback Forms
When we receive your feedback through the website we only use the personal information we collect to check on the level of service we provide and retain the personal information in line with our retention policy.  This information is not stored on the website.
Information we may collect from you - Enquiries / Subscriptions
We have to hold the details of the people who have requested information in order to provide the information/updates.  We only use the information supplied to respond to the enquiry or provide the information to the person as requested. We retain this information in line with our retention and disposal policy.  This information is not stored on the website.  We do not use information for marketing purposes and do not pass personal information on to anyone else.  When people do subscribe to information from our website, they can cancel their subscription at any time by using the unsubscribe link on the email they are sent or by visiting http://www.niassembly.gov.uk/Utility/Subscribe/ and entering their email address and changing subscription options.
To manage subscriptions we use the email automation platform, Mailchimp. To unsubscribe from any newsletters or subscriptions that you have signed up for, simply click on the unsubscribe link provided in all emails. For more information please read the MailChimp privacy policy and the MailChimp cookie statement.
How long do you keep my personal data?
We will only retain your data for as long as necessary to process and in line with our Retention and Disposal Schedule
What rights do I have?
You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed, and access to your personal data
You are entitled to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete
You have a right to have personal data erased and to prevent processing, in specific circumstances
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data, in specific circumstances
You have the right to data portability, in specific circumstances
You have the right to object to the processing, in specific circumstances
You have rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
Changes to this privacy notice
This privacy notice will be reviewed and updated regularly.  This privacy notice was last updated 30 April 2018.
How do I complain if I am not happy?
If you are unhappy with how any aspect of this privacy notice, or how your personal information is being processed, please contact the NI Assembly Information Standards Officer at:
Data Controller Name:
Northern Ireland Assembly Commission
Address:
Parliament Buildings,Ballymiscaw,Stormont,BelfastBT4 3XX
Information Standards Officer:
Martina DaltonEmail: martina.dalton@niassembly.gov.ukTel: 028 90 521147
If you are still not happy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO):
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow CheshireSK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Find MLAs
Locate MLAs
Search
News and Media Centre
Read press releases, watch live and archived video
Find out more
Follow the Assembly
Keep up-to-date with the Assembly
Find out more