http://www.nbcdi.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy identifies the ways in which the National Black Child Development Institute (NBCDI) uses and protects any information that you give to NBCDI when you use this website.
NBCDI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, it will be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
NBCDI may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective as of March 1, 2013.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name, job title and organization where you work
Contact information including mailing and email addresses
Demographic information such as zip code, gender, preferences and interests
Information on how you found our organization
Other information relevant to membership, customer surveys and/or offers
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, web beacons, and other technologies.  Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser that track browsing behavior, but do not collect or store personally identifiable information.  These technologies help us to analyze how users navigate around our website so that we can make improvements to the user experience.
We may allow third party service providers to use cookies on our website to provide us with analytics data described above.  We do not share your personal information with those third parties.
What we do with the information we collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with better services and resources, and in particular for the following reasons:
To promote sound internal record keeping.
To improve our products, resources and services.
To contact our members and visitors with periodic newsletters and emails about new events, resources, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website and our resources according to your feedback.
Your options
We will only send you email messages and email notifications if you have asked to be contacted for a specific purpose. If you decide you no longer wish to receive emails, you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each message you receive and follow the instructions for opting out.
You also have options about cookies.  Though cookies do not store your personal information, and the use of cookies is a standard in the industry, you have choices regarding cookies.  You can manually delete cookies through your browser, or instruct your browser to disable cookies altogether.  Please be aware that some portions of the website may not function properly, and your online experience may be disrupted, if you choose to delete or disable cookies.
Children
This website is not targeted nor directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 13.  If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with his or her information, please notify us immediately.
Copyright
All material and images are copyright protected and may not be reproduced without written permission of the site owners.
Contact
Please email info@nbcdi.org if you have believe a child has provided his or her information, or to ask questions about the privacy policy.