http://www.companycounsel.biz/index.php/privacy-notice/
Home
Services
Team
Clients
Contacts
Home
Services
Team
Clients
Contacts
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Company Counsel, LLC is a law firm.  Please read this Privacy Statement to understand how we collect and use your personal information when you visit our website and what rights you have in relation to your personal information.
What information we collect
Our website gathers certain information about our website traffic for administrative and analytical purposes. This information may include your IP address, browser type, referring and exit pages, operating system and dates/times of page views. You may also provide us with personal information if you contact us by e-mail, telephone or letter.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on the website. A cookie is a small data file that the website writes to your hard drive when you visit. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the website uses to track the pages you have visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We may use cookies to analyze visitor traffic patterns in order to improve visitor experience. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Website. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use persistent cookies to recall what information you have viewed in prior visits to the Website. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided through your Internet browser. In addition, when visiting the Website for the first time, an option is presented allowing you to manage use of Cookies.
How we use your information
We use your information to administer services and to improve the website.  Information about your IP address, browser and operating system, page links and page views is automatically deleted after three years.
Legal basis for processing personal data
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, the processing activities described in this document are based on legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)f) GDPR), specifically our interest in promoting our services and customizing our website.
Disclosure to third parties
We may use third parties to operate the website. We may disclose personally identifiable information to such entities as needed for them to perform their specific tasks under our instructions, subject to this policy. In addition, we may disclose information that you expressly authorize; as required by law or when we believe that such disclosure is necessary in connection with a judicial proceeding or to comply with a court order, law or regulation applicable to us or the website; or as we determine to be necessary to protect our property or assert our legal rights or to protect the property or safety of any other person.
Your rights to access and correct your personal information
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You have the right to request access to and correction or deletion of your personal data, restrict processing concerning you and object to processing, as well as the right to data portability.
We will provide you with access to your personal information on request so you may view, update or correct your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, and to ensure the correct use of information, we employ physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard this website and the personal information we collect online. All of our employees and any third parties we employ to process your personal information are obliged to respect its confidentiality. However, transmission of information through the internet is not secure. Although we seek to protect your information as described above, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to the website or to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may make changes to our privacy policy to keep it current with our practices and industry standards. We will post the date of the most recent revisions on this page. Check this page to make sure that you are current and up-to-date on our privacy policy.
How to contact us
Should you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, email info@companycounsel.biz or contact us at 28 Stone Ave, Winchester MA 01890.
Effective date: November 5, 2018.
“Our business model is predicated on getting the most out of our team. With their depth of experience and knowledge of our business, adding Company Counsel as our part-time general counsel has paid significant dividends.”
~ Amarpreet Sawhney – Serial Entrepreneur (Confluent Surgical, Ocular Therapeutix, Augmenix and Instylla)
“Company Counsel served as part-time general counsel to marketRx for many years and until its eventual sale in 2007. When I started my next business, Axtria, Inc. in 2010, Company Counsel was one of my first calls.”
~ Jassi Chada – Serial Entrepreneur (marketRx and Axtria)