http://www.learn-tarot-cards.com/privacy-policy.html
Join me on Facebook
Learn-Tarot-Cards.com
Home
Contact
About Josie
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Articles
>
Meet the Team
Good Karma
Free Tarot Readings
Daily Tarot Card
Daily Chronicles Fortune Cards
Ask the Tarot
Weekly Tarot Trends
Learn Tarot
Tarot Articles
Free Tarot Tools
Tarot Card Meanings and Combinations
Readings
Spiritual Healing
Books
Oracle
Learn 1-2-1
Privacy Policy
Your trust is important to me, particularly in view of the nature of confidential consultation work I undertake for you. For your reassurance, and in line with the latest General Data Protection Regulations, please find information concerning how and why I collect any specific data from you. If you have any further questions please feel free to contact me.Weekly Forecast and NewsletterIf you sign up and then opt-in for my weekly newsletter you will be asked for your name and email address. This information is stored securely by a service provider (ActiveCampaign) for the purpose of sending you the weekly forecast, which may also contain any latest news concerning my books or services. You can unsubscribe or update your contact information at any time through a link at the bottom of the email.  I do not sell or pass on your information and it is not used for any other purpose.ServicesIf you order one of my private consultation services (readings, private courses, or spiritual healing) you will complete a booking form that is emailed directly to me with information I need in order to fulfill the service you have ordered.  This information is deleted once my service has been completed for you.  Once I have provided your service then I do not retain any private information in relation to it, the only record will be the transaction payment which is stored on Paypal solely for the formality of tax requirements. Consultations are not available to minors, under the age of 18. PaymentsAll payment transactions are collected through a third party service provider (Paypal), so I do not have access to any of your personal payment details, such as: bank account, credit or debit card information, etc. You do not need to have a Paypal account in order to make a payment.ContactIf you contact me through the site your email will come directly to me. You will be asked for your name and email address on the contact form so I can respond and answer your question. Forms and responses are regularly deleted, usually within the week. If any complaint should arise then this would be saved only for the purpose of proof of resolution.Site AnalyticsThis site uses cookies and similar technology so that I can track and analyse how people use the site, such as what pages are interesting or what isn't, how long people stay, and which search engine brought them here, in order to try and improve my offering and service for you. I use Google analytics on the site in order to track incidental information, such as percentages for: mobile or desktop use, and which countries access the site. There is a consent notice for cookies when you visit the site and cookies can also be disabled through your browser, if you wish. Third Party LinksThere are some links on the site to other websites but I do not control the privacy policy of those sites, so you are advised to review their policies before providing any personal information to them. Josephine Ellershaw (Data Controller)Last updated: 24 May 2018
No part of this site may be copied or reproduced, including Internet usage, without written permission.  © Josephine Ellershaw. 2005 - 2020© Easy Tarot: Learn to Read the Cards Once and For All! Josephine Ellershaw and Ciro Marchetti.  Llewellyn Worldwide, 2007. All rights reserved.
Learn-Tarot-Cards.com