http://www.cincyfairhousing.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Cincy Fair Housing
Saturday, 10 Oct 2020
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Contact
House
Privacy Policy
Terms
x
Search
Submit
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Cincy Fair Housing ("Cincy Fair Housing") operates cincyfairhousing.com and may operate other websites. It is Cincy Fair Housing policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cincy Fair Housing collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cincy Fair Housing purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Cincy Fair Housing visitors use its website. From time to time, Cincy Fair Housing may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Cincy Fair Housing also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on cincyfairhousing.com blogs/sites. Cincy Fair Housing only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cincy Fair Housing websites choose to interact with Cincy Fair Housing in ways that require Cincy Fair Housing to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cincy Fair Housing gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at cincyfairhousing.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Cincy Fair Housing are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Cincy Fair Housing collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Cincy Fair Housing. Cincy Fair Housing does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Cincy Fair Housing may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Cincy Fair Housing may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Cincy Fair Housing does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Cincy Fair Housing discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Cincy Fair Housing behalf or to provide services available at Cincy Fair Housing websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Cincy Fair Housing websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Cincy Fair Housing will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Cincy Fair Housing discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Cincy Fair Housing believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Cincy Fair Housing, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Cincy Fair Housing website and have supplied your email address, Cincy Fair Housing may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Cincy Fair Housing and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Cincy Fair Housing takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cincy Fair Housing uses cookies to help Cincy Fair Housing identify and track visitors, their usage of Cincy Fair Housing website, and their website access preferences. Cincy Fair Housing visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Cincy Fair Housing websites, with the drawback that certain features of Cincy Fair Housing websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Cincy Fair Housing, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Cincy Fair Housing goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Cincy Fair Housing may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cincy Fair Housing and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cincy Fair Housing may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cincy Fair Housing sole discretion. Cincy Fair Housing encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a cincyfairhousing.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Categories
Canada
Home
Home Appliances
House
Interior
Kitchen Remodeling
Pest Control
Real Estate
Selling House
Services
Follow us on Twitter
Tweets by @Charles31867151
Recent Posts
Benefits of Hiring Professional Interior Designers
Considerations When Picking a Home Builder
Top Tips for Choosing the Right Condo
The Essence of High-Quality Roofs
What You Should Know About Mold Remediation
Questions to Ask Before Hiring a Painting Contractor
4 Reasons to Use Neoprene Products in Your Homes
The Things You Must Do Before You Sell Your House
Follow us on Pinterest
Social Media Icons
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastEmail *Comment or Message *EmailSubmit Tagsappearance
benefits
Best Showerheads
buying a house
cleanliness
comfort
contractor
decluttering
design bed
dwelling
Grass
home
homebuilder
house
house in canada
kitchen
kitchen remodeling
Lawn Mower
lock
low cost housing
maintenance
market value
migrate to canada
mold
mold remediation
Mower
neoprene
pool
property business
protection
real estate
realtor
renovate
repair
Reverse Osmosis System
room
rubber
selling house
service
service company
Services
Shower
synthetic
tips
Turf
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Magazine O by ocean-themes.com.