http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1997/02.97
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 February 1997
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@counsel.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny,
Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq.,
Boston; Charles Wertheimer, NY Law School Student.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1997 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
Tennessee Supreme Court Denies AIDS-Phobia Claim By Hospital
Patient
In a unanimous decision announced Jan. 13, the Tennessee Supreme
Court granted summary judgment on behalf of a hospital faced with
an emotional distress claim by a patient who had been placed in the
same room with an HIV+ patient.
__Bain v. Wells__, 1997 WL 9056.
Reversing the refusal of lower courts to dismiss the case, Justice
Drowota reaffirmed for the court its prior holding that actual
exposure to HIV is a prerequisite for a negligent infliction of
emotional distress claim, and that placing a PWA in a room with
another patient (without revealing to the other patient that his
roommate is HIV+) is not the sort of "outrageous" conduct necessary
for an intentional tort claim.
Plaintiff Jerry Bain was admitted as a patient in an alcohol and
drug rehabilitation program at University Medical Center in
Lebanon, Tennessee.
Bain was not informed that the other patient
in his two-person room was HIV+.
Bain and the other patient shared
the same room for eight days, during which time they used the same
bathroom.
At that time, Bain had "an open cut on his buttock" and
once mistakenly used his roommate's disposable razor.
When Bain
told his roommate about having used the razor, the roommate told
Bain that he was HIV+.
Alarmed, Bain left the hospital before
having completed his rehabilitation program, but later returned and
completed the program.
Bain claimed that as a result of these incidents he developed
severe emotional distress about the possibility of developing AIDS
and passing it to his wife.
He claimed that the hospital's
practice of placing HIV- and HIV+ patients in the same room was so
outrageous as to give rise to an intentional infliction of
emotional distress claim; failing that, he asserted negligent
infliction of emotional distress and loss of consortium.
Bain has
consistently tested HIV- since these events, over a period now
stretching to more than six years.
In support of its motion to dismiss Bain's claims, the hospital
offered an affidavit and deposition of Dr. William Schaffner, a
professor at Vanderbilt University Medical Center and a member of
the American Hospital Association's Technical Panel on managing HIV
infection in hospitals.
Schaffner testified that AHA standards
prescribe isolating HIV+ patients under only three circumstances
(patient has other airborne transmissible infections; patient is
violent; or patient is so ill with AIDS as to be unable to control
body fluids), none of which applied to this case.
(Bain's HIV+
roommate was in the hospital for the same reason as Bains:
participation in the drug rehabilitation program.)
Schaffner also
opined that under the circumstances Bain's fear of contracting AIDS
was unreasonable, since the recognized modes of transmission did
not include sharing a toilet seat or a razor, and since Bains had
tested negative repeatedly well past the time when more than 99
percent of infected persons would have tested positive.
In
opposing the motion, Bain's own affidavit asserted that he was not
warned his roommate was HIV+ and was thus unable to watch out for
his own safety.
Bain also asserted that he normally cuts himself
and bleeds when shaving, and that the experience caused him great
emotional distress.
The trial court refused to dismiss the case,
and the court of appeals, affirming such refusal, opined that
defendants had failed to prove that their conduct was not
"wrongful" or that Bains had not been exposed to HIV through the
shared toilet and razor incidents.
After reviewing the standard for intentional infliction of
emotional distress, Justice Drowota asserted that it had clearly
not been met in this case.
"In this case, it is clear that neither
the defendants' patient housing policy nor their failure to inform
Bains about his roommate's HIV positive status constitutes
outrageous conduct," wrote Drowota, pointing out that the housing
policy was in compliance with AHA recommendations, which both allow
housing HIV- and HIV+ patients together and provide for protection
of confidentiality of HIV information.
As a matter of law,
compliance with industry standards may not be characterized as
"outrageous."
Turning to the negligence claim, Drowota agreed with the defendants
that __Carroll v. Sisters of Saint Francis__, 868 S.W.2d 585 (Tenn.
1993), requires a plaintiff to allege actual exposure to HIV before
an emotional distress claim may be brought on a negligence theory.
Bain sought to rely on a more recent decision, __Camper v. Minor__,
915 S.W.2d 437 (Tenn. 1996), in which the court had abandoned the
rule that an emotional distress claimant must allege an actual
physical injury, but Drowota pointed out that in __Camper__ the
court had insisted that an emotional distress plaintiff must still
"present material evidence as to each of the five elements of
negligence" and that this would logically include, in an HIV case,
"proof of actual exposure to HIV."
"Our decision in Carroll,"
wrote Drowota, "therefore, also stands for the proposition that in
the absence of proof of an actual exposure to HIV, public policy
imposes no legal duty to protect against the fear of contracting
AIDS.
Reviewing the facts of this case in the light most favorable
to the plaintiff, it is clear that there are no disputed facts as
to the issue of actual exposure to HIV.
The only medical expert
proof in the record unequivocally states that Bain was not actually
exposed to HIV during his hospitalization.
Indeed, Dr. Schaffner
said that a person cannot contract the AIDS virus by sharing a
toilet seat or a disposable razor with a person with HIV because
HIV is transmitted only through fluid to fluid contact or
exposure." Since Bain had not offered any contradictory medical
evidence in support of his motion, and admitted that he had tested
negative for HIV over a period of several years since the incidents
at issue, "he has failed to establish proximate cause, an essential
element of a claim for negligent infliction of emotional distress.
. . The hospital owes no duty to protect against the irrational
fear of contracting AIDS." Consequently, the court reversed the
decision of the court of appeals and granted summary judgment to
the defendants, awarding costs of the appeal against the
plaintiffs.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Marriage Pot Boils In Hawaii
The marriage pot continues to boil in Hawaii in reaction to
December's decision in __Baehr v. Miike__, 1996 WL 694235, holding
that the state had failed to prove a compelling interest in denying
access to marriage to same-sex couples and ordering the state to
commence issuing marriage licenses.
On Jan. 8, Deputy Attorney
General Rick Eichor filed an appeal to the Hawaii Supreme Court,
Circuit Judge Kevin Chang having stayed his decision pending the
appeal.
Eichor's appeal seeks a stay of Judge Chang's opinion
until the state can decide on amending its constitution to overturn
the supreme court's prior ruling in the case.
In the meantime, the 1997 legislative session has begun with the
swift introduction of two pertinent bills in the Hawaii House of
Representatives, __both__ of which were approved by the Judiciary
Committee after brief hearings, and one of which received immediate
endorsement from the full House.
H.B. 117 proposes a constitutional amendment that would overturn
the __Baehr v. Lewin__ decision of 1993 by adding a proviso that a
violation of the constitution's ban on sex discrimination cannot be
based on the failure of the state to allow same-sex couples to
marry.
(Thus, the amendment would not place a direct ban on same-
sex marriage into the state constitution, but rather would remove
from the state's courts the ability to find a constitutional
violation based on the state's existing marriage laws.)
This
measure was brought up in the House swiftly after Judiciary
Committee approval, and was passed 44-7 on Jan. 23.
H.B. 118, "A Bill for an Act Relating to Unmarried Couples," would
create a new status of "reciprocal beneficiaries" for couples who
are unable to marry as a matter of law.
Couples would become
reciprocal beneficiaries by filing a form with the state health
department declaring under oath that they meet the statutory
requirements: each at least 18 years old, neither married to
anybody else or participating in a reciprocal beneficiary
relationship with anybody else; legally prohibited from marrying;
freely consenting to the relationship.
Reciprocal beneficiaries
would have the following rights under Hawaii law: (1) the same
rights as a spouse with respect to hospital visitation and health
care decision making; (2) the same rights as a spouse with respect
to creating ownership interests in property jointly acquired; (3)
many of the same rights as a spouse with respect to inheritance,
although elective share rights would be prorated based on the
length of the reciprocal beneficiary relationship; (4) the same
right as a spouse to sue for wrongful death.
The bill would not go
into effect until and unless the constitutional amendment proposed
in H.B. 117 is enacted, since same-sex marriage will probably be
available in Hawaii if the constitutional amendment is not enacted.
Thus, the bill is not really being put forward as a mechanism to
satisfy the Hawaii Supreme Court (as was the rationale for last
year's much more comprehensive domestic partnership bill that
passed in the state Senate but never came to a vote in the House).
It was reported that a more comprehensive domestic partnership bill
might be introduced in the House on Jan. 24, the last day for
filing bills for this legislative session.
The fate of these bills in the Senate, where similar measures were
being introduced, was less certain than in the House, as there are
several supporters of same-sex marriage in the Senate in key
committee positions who are adamantly opposed to the constitutional
amendment and supportive of the full domestic partnership bill
passed last year.
A.S.L.
Georgia Court Against Strikes Down Domestic Partnership Benefits
for Atlanta
In 1995, the Georgia Supreme Court ruled in __City of Atlanta v.
McKinney__, 454 S.E.2d 517, that the city of Atlanta's attempt to
enact domestic partnership benefits eligibility for the unmarried
partners of its employees exceeded the legislative authority of the
city.
The ruling was premised on an interpretation of a state law
which establishes employee benefits rights for public employees in
the state of Georgia.
According to the state Supreme Court, the
city could not extend benefits to all partners on the presumption
that they were "dependents" of their employee-partners.
Determined
to enact such benefits, the city took a second crack at an
ordinance, this time carefully limiting eligibility to those
domestic partners who could show that they are dependent upon their
employee-partners by defining an eligible partner as "one who
relies on another for financial support."
In a new decision in __Morgan v. City of Atlanta__, No. E-52854
(Ga. Superior Ct., Fulton County, Dec. 31, 1996), Judge Isaac
Jenrette granted summary judgment to the plaintiff-taxpayer who was
contesting the new ordinance, finding that the new language did not
save the measure from the same defect identified in the earlier
decision by the state supreme court.
In a brief, unpublished
opinion noticeably short on legal analysis, Jenrette wrote: "The
Court concludes that the City is still exceeding its authority by
now attempting to incorporate a `family relationship' it has
created, domestic partners, into the definition of a dependent.
By
incorporating domestic partners into the City's definition of
dependents, the City's definition of dependents is now inconsistent
with the above-noted state law.
`Since it is beyond the city's
authority to define dependents inconsistent with state law' this
Court holds that the ordinance is unconstitutional as ultra vires
under the home rule act and the Georgia Constitution."
The city is
appealing this decision.
Robin Shahar and Kendric Smith of the City Attorney's office are
defending the ordinance, with amicus assistance from the ACLU of
Georgia.
A.S.L.
Marriage and Domestic Partnership Notes
Washington State Representative Ed Murray introduced H.B. 1203 on
Jan. 17.
The bill would amend the existing state marriage laws to
allow same-sex couples to marry, and was introduced at the request
of retiring Governor Mike Lowry.
The bill changes all references
from "husband and wife" to "spouses" and states: "Persons of the
same gender have the right to enter into a civil marriage contract
in the same manner and with the same force and effect as persons of
the opposite gender."
A similar bill will be introduced in the
state Senate by Senator Pat Thibaudeau, who represents the same
district as Murray.
A bill to ban same-sex marriages will be
introduced by Rep. Bill Thompson, whose draft was expected to
mirror the federal Defense of Marriage Act in its provisions.
__Seattle Post-Intelligencer__, Jan. 10; supplemented by later
postings to the Marriage Listserve on the Internet.
The Arkansas legislature's Senate Judiciary Committee rejected an
attempt to add an amendment protecting gay people from employment
discrimination to a pending measure banning recognition of same-sex
marriages.
Sen. Mike Everett's amendment failed for lack of a
second during a Jan. 22 Committee meeting.
The Committee then
approved the anti-gay marriage bill.
A similar version of the bill
was approved by the Arkansas House 92-2 on the same day.
Construing the Defense of Marriage Act, which provides that only
opposite-sex marriages will be recognized under federal law, the
Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts issued a memorandum on
Dec. 17 informing court administrators that same-sex marriages
cannot be recognized for benefit entitlements under the following
statutes: Federal Employee Retirement System, Civil Service
Retirement System, Federal Employees Health Benefits Program,
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance, and the Family and Medical
Leave Act.
However, the memorandum pointed out that the statutes
governing federal employee sick leave and bereavement leave and the
federal leave sharing program, which define "family member" to
include "any individual related by blood or affinity whose close
association with the employee is the equivalent of a family
relationship," are apparently not affected by DOMA.
The memorandum
was issued by Charlotte G. Peddicord, Chief of the Human Resources
Division.
The __Washington Times__ reported Jan. 13 that bills banning same-
sex marriages were expected to be on the legislative agenda this
year in 18 states.
A new survey of its members by the Society for Human Resource
Management found that seven percent of organizations employing the
Society's members offer domestic partnership benefits to employees.
__Memphis Commercial Appeal__, Jan. 19.
A gay community newspaper in Houston, Texas, reports that Vinson &
Elkins, the city's largest law firm (and reportedly the fifth
largest law firm in the nation) has announced adoption of a
domestic partnership benefits policy for its employees, effective
Jan. 1.
This will bring V&E into line with the major firms in New
York, Washington, Chicago, San Francisco and Los Angeles with which
it competes for new law graduates at the nation's leading law
schools.
A committee of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors has voted to
make renewal of a major contract with United Airlines contingent on
United agreeing to adopt a domestic partnership benefits policy for
its employees.
The city enacted an ordinance last year barring
contracts with employers who do not provide such benefits, but the
measure was not expected to take effect until the spring.
However,
the United contract was up for a vote this month, and the committee
decided to take a stand in support of its new policy.
United has
7500 employees at San Francisco International Airport.
__San
Francisco Chronicle__, Jan. 15.
A.S.L.
ILGO Loses Another Round in St. Patrick's Day Annual Battle
In what is becoming an annual ritual, a first harbinger of spring,
the Irish Gay and Lesbian Organization (ILGO) sued the City of New
York over the City's denial of a permit to hold a parade down Fifth
Avenue roughly 90 minutes before the annual St. Patrick's Day
parade, which is sponsored by the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
In
__Irish Gay and Lesbian Organization v. Giuliani__, 1996 WL 735511
(S.D.N.Y., Dec. 20). U.S. District Judge Koetl granted the city's
motion for judgment on the pleadings.
The City has the authority to regulate parade permits under sec.
10-110 of the NYC Administrative Code, and the Police Department's
Administrative Guide Procedure sec. 321-14, which interprets that
provision.
The City's position is that it cannot grant two permits
for the same route on the same day at virtually the same time
because that would create unacceptable levels of traffic congestion
and impose unacceptable burdens on police, sanitation and emergency
medical services. ILGO brought the instant suit challenging the
facial constitutionality of the City's parade permitting scheme
and, in particular, its application to ILGO.
ILGO argues that the
ordinance delegates unfettered discretion to city officials and is
unconstitutionally broad.
The City counters that these were issues
that were or could have been raised in ILGO's 1995 action, and were
thus barred by collateral estoppel and res judicata.
The court
agreed with the city. The issues raised in this suit were, indeed,
raised in the 1995 action, or could have been, and the minute
factual distinctions raised by ILGO (e.g., that the parade would be
on a Saturday, not a week day) did not warrant relitigating the
issues involved and there were no public policy reasons for
relitigating the issues.
Claims for compensatory damages on behalf
of ILGO's members were rejected because the group did not have
standing. S.K.
California Appeals Court Rules In Bizarre Gay Obsession Case
Soap Opera Alert!
On Dec. 23, the California Court of Appeal, 2nd
District, authorized publication of a partial opinion in the case
of __People v. Landis__, 1996 WL 733135, a tale of sexual obsession
and tragedy.
Although omitting publication of several sections of
the court's opinion, what was published is sufficient to provide a
story that seems destined for B movie production, involving the
sexual obsession of Kelly Jon Landis for Karl Rosenquist, a
lecturer at UCLA.
Landis and Rosenquist met in May 1993, when Landis was a USC
student and Rosenquist was a doctoral candidate at UCLA.
The men
had a friendly dating relationship for several months, during which
they had sex and stayed over at each other's apartments several
times.
(The amount of sex they had was vigorously contested at
trial.)
Landis later claimed that their sex included detailed role
playing involving humiliation, and sought to introduce a videotape
at trial showing Rosenquist engaging in such activity with another
man.
Rosenquist began to doubt their continuing relationship based
on various incidents during which Landis acted strangely.
(At
trial, the prosecution introduced witnesses who described Landis as
"odd," "creepy," or "weird.")
There followed beginning in the fall
of 1993 and continuing to May 1995 a bizarre series of events, in
which Landis, rejected by Rosenquist, acted out a chain of
obsessive behavior, breaking into Rosenquist's apartment and car,
telephoning incessantly, stealing items of Rosenquist's personal
property, and even assaulting him on various occasions.
At one
point, Landis's psychiatrist approached Rosenquist to warn him that
Landis might attempt to kidnap him and had studied surveillance
manuals for various purposes, including a possible attempt to tap
Rosenquist's phone.
These events culminated in Landis's arrest on
May 2, 1995, after a May 1 assault against Rosenquist.
At a jury trial, Landis was convicted of residential burglary,
vehicular burglary, and receiving stolen property, but the jury
deadlocked on two counts of "stalking," as to which the court
declared a mistrial.
Landis was sentenced to six years in prison
on the other charges.
The appeal raised numerous technical
challenges to the court's charge to the jury, some of which were
successful, necessitating a partial remand for reconsideration of
sentencing, but the court rejected Landis's claims of ineffective
assistance of counsel by his court-appointed lawyer, and
prosecutorial misconduct, and also rejected Landis's argument that
the jury verdict was not supported by the evidence.
Landis's own
theory of the case was that he and Rosenquist were lovers, and that
Rosenquist's purported "rejection" of him was all part of the
elaborate role-playing in their relationship.
A.S.L.
Transsexual Can Claim Sex Discrimination Under NY Law
A federal district court has allowed a transsexual plaintiff to
proceed with a claim of sex discrimination under New York State and
City laws.
__Rentos v. Oce-Office Systems__, 1996 WL 737215
(S.D.N.Y. Dec. 24).
Plaintiff Corinne M. Rentos began working at Oce in 1993, while in
the process of changing her sex from male to female.
Oce became
aware of the sex change in 1994, when Rentos requested payments for
related medical expenses through the company's health plan.
Almost
immediately, Rentos's manager attempted to place her on probation,
pending termination.
Rentos also began to suffer harassment, job
interference, and negative performance evaluations.
Oce delayed
payment of Rentos's medical claims, and terminated her in 1995.
Rentos sued in N.Y. Supreme Court, and Oce removed to federal court
on the basis of diversity.
Oce moved to strike the complaint, arguing that it failed "to
identify a protected class to which Plaintiff allegedly belongs."
Although discrimination laws speak in terms of prohibited
classifications, such as sex, judicial precedents have
re-formulated the elements of a discrimination claim to require a
plaintiff to assert membership in a "protected class," such as
males or females.
Rentos did not fit neatly into either class.
Judge Preska observed that every federal court that has considered
the question has rejected the application of Title VII to
transsexuals.
See, e.g., __Ulane v. Eastern Airlines, Inc.__, 742
F.2d 1081 (7th Cir. 1984).
Preska also observed, however, that the
only case addressing the issue under the NYS and NYC
anti-discrimination laws had extended protection to transsexuals.
__Maffei v. Kolaeton Industries, Inc.__, 164 Misc.2d 547, 626
N.Y.S.2d 391 (Sup.Ct., N.Y. Co. 1995).
Rentos's amended complaint
quoted directly from the __Maffei__ decision, and Judge Preska
reasoned that it identified her as a member of what at least one
New York court had identified as a protected class.
As a result,
the judge denied the motion to strike, allowing Rentos to proceed
with her claim.
O.R.D.
Ohio Appeals Court Revives Defamation Claim Against Television New
Anchor by Transsexual Litigant
In a unanimous per curiam decision, the Ohio Court of Appeals, 1st
District, has revived a defamation claim by Susan Pollock against
Norma Rashid, news anchor for television station WLWT, while at the
same time sustaining dismissal of claims of invasion of privacy and
intentional infliction of emotional distress.
The claims arose out
of a televised report about a lawsuit filed by Susan Pollock, a
convicted felon, against the warden of the prison in which she had
been confined.
__Pollock v. Rashid__, 1996 WL 741977 (Dec. 31).
In the mid-1970s, Mark Pollock, a transsexual, had surgery and
hormone treatment to become a woman, legally taking the name of
Susan Pollock.
After Susan was convicted of a felony, prison
officials sent her to a male institution where she suffered
harassment, rape and physical assaults and was denied hormone
therapy to maintain her feminine appearance.
She filed suit
against the warden seeking transfer to a female prison and
resumption of her hormone therapy.
WLWT did a news report about
her case, allegedly based solely on interviews with the warden and
other prison officials, in which Susan was referred to throughout
as "Mark."
The only depiction of Susan during the report was an
old photograph showing a bearded man that had been obtained from
the prison warden, and the gist of the broadcast interview with the
warden concerned "frivolous" suits by prisoners wasting taxpayer
money.
Susan sued WLWT news anchor Norma Rashid, and two former employees
of the station who worked on the report, after her written demands
for retraction and a balanced report on her case were ignored,
claiming defamation, invasion of privacy and intentional infliction
of emotional distress.
Because Susan was never able to secure
service of process on the two former employees, Rashid was the sole
defendant, and moved to dismiss the case.
The trial court granted
the motion without making findings of fact or issuing an opinion.
On this appeal, the court held that the trial judge erred in
dismissing the defamation claim, but had correctly dismissed the
other claims.
By filing her lawsuit, Susan had made public her
identity as a transsexual, and thus could not assert an invasion of
privacy claim for a news report containing that information.
The
court also found that the television station's conduct was not
sufficiently outrageous to meet the requirements for a claim of
intentional infliction of emotional distress.
However, the court
found that based on the allegations of her complaint as to the one-
sided nature of the report and the way it depicted Pollock and held
her up to ridicule, it was inappropriate for the trial court to
have concluded that she could not possibly prove a defamation
claim, and remanded for trial.
A.S.L.
Another Loss on Military Policy
U.S. District Judge Earl E. O'Connor granted the government's
motion for summary judgment in __Walmer v. U.S. Dept. of Defense__,
1996 WL 717330 (D.Kan. Nov. 25).
The motion, which was unopposed,
finally disposed of Joyce L. Walmer's claim that her discharge from
the Army for "homosexual acts" (not specified in the court's
opinion) violated both the equal protection clause and the bill of
attainder clause (U.S.Const., art. I, sec. 9).
The case has been
pending for several years, and already went to the 10th Circuit in
1995 on an appeal of the district court's refusal to enjoin
Walmer's discharge pending a ruling on the merits.
The discharge
was under the "old policy" in effect prior to the 1993 action by
President Clinton and Congress modifying and codifying the policy
against service by lesbians, gay men and bisexuals.
Since Walmer
failed to file responsive papers, the court treated the motion as
unopposed and, reciting and summarizing the legal reasoning from
its prior rulings against preliminary relief, held that neither
cited constitutional provision was violated.
(As to the bill of
attainder claim, the court rested its ruling on the proposition
that the "old policy," embodied solely in military regulations, was
not a legislative act, which is theoretically required to find a
bill of attainder.
Under this reasoning, the "new policy," which
is contained in a congressional enactment, could be attacked under
the attainder clause.)
A.S.L.
Law and Society Notes
The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to review a lower court decision
upholding an injunction against the Rev. Fred Phelps's church,
which had been organizing picketing of another church in
furtherance of Phelps's abrasively anti-gay agenda.
__Westboro
Baptist Church, Inc., v. St. David's Episcopal Church__, 921 P.2d
821 (Kans.App. 1996), cert. denied, 65 USLW 3322 (U.S.S.Ct., Jan.
21).
The Kansas courts had rejected Phelps's argument that his
activity was shielded from judicial regulation by the 1st Amendment
of the Constitution.
The __National Law Journal__ reported Dec. 30 that a jury in
Detroit awarded more than $14 million to the estate of a gay man
who died following a delay in treatment by St. John's Hospital,
where a resident referred to the deceased, Gay Romic, as a
"scumbag" because of his sexual orientation.
The jury award was
made on Nov. 27.
The city of Cleveland, Ohio, has enacted an ordinance that applies
criminal penalties for employment discrimination, including
discrimination based on sexual orientation.
According to Cleveland
Mayor Michael White, this is the first time that any jurisdiction
has enacted criminal penalties for unlawful employment
discrimination.
__Washington Blade__, Jan. 17.
Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell signed an administrative order on Dec.
20, 1996, requiring all city contractors whose contracts exceed
$1,000 to adopt employment policies banning sexual orientation
discrimination.
The order affects contracts signed by the city
after the order's effective date of Dec. 20. __Washington Blade__,
Jan. 10.
The State of Colorado and the plaintiffs in __Romer v. Evans__ have
reached a settlement of $950,000 for the plaintiffs' attorney fees
and costs.
The original claim by plaintiffs was for $1.4 million.
In addition to this out-of-pocket expense, the state's direct costs
of defending anti-gay Amendment 2 are estimated at about $400,000.
Attorneys who will share in the payment are: Jean E. Dubofsky (who
argued the case in the Supreme Court) and Jeanne Winer of Boulder;
the law firm of Holland and Hart in Denver; the Denver City
Attorney's Office; Wilson Sonsini of Palo Alto, California; the
ACLU in Denver and New York; and Lambda Legal Defense and Education
Fund, New York.
__Rocky Mountain News__, Jan. 3.
The __Lexington Herald-Leader__ (Jan. 22) reported that a Fayette
County Circuit Court jury has awarded $75,500 in damages to Kenneth
Gene Hillard, who accused his former male supervisor of sexual
harassment based on allegations of groping and propositioning
Hillard to perform oral sex.
The supervisor, who is no longer
employed by Consolidated Freightways Corp. of Delaware, Hillard's
employer, had denied harassing Hillard but admitted to sexual
horseplay as described by Hillard's testimony, insisting that it
was common in the workplace.
The jury found the employer 90
percent responsible for $75,000 in compensatory damages, and
specifically assessed $500 in punitive damages against the former
supervisor.
The __Boston Globe__ (Jan. 3) reports that a Norfolk,
Massachusetts, Superior Court jury has awarded $1.2 million in
damages to John B. Walsh, who claims he was discharged by Carney
Hospital, a Catholic facility, because the managers there believe
that Walsh is gay.
Walsh has not identified his sexual orientation
publicly.
Massachusetts passed a law banning sexual orientation
discrimination in 1989, confiding enforcement authority in a state
commission.
This is reportedly the first jury verdict to award
damages for alleged sexual orientation discrimination.
The
attorney for the hospital argued that the verdict represented anti-
Catholic prejudice by the jury, and filed a motion to set aside the
verdict with Judge Judith Cowin.
The hospital will appeal if the
verdict is not overturned.
The further appeal of an adverse lesbian custody decision in __Ward
v. Ward__, 1996 W 491692 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App., 1st Dist. Aug. 20),
may have been mooted on Jan. 22 when Mary Ward, the appellant, died
from a sudden heart attack.
Her case stirred national press
controversy after a trial judge changed custody of her daughter to
Mrs. Ward's ex-husband, who had previously served a prison term for
the murder of his previous wife.
The judge had opined that the
daughter should have the opportunity not to be raised in a "lesbian
environment," and the court of appeals had refused to reverse that
decision.
However, one issue remaining in the case was the
potential applicability of a state statute concerning eligibility
for child custody of parents convicted of serious domestic violence
offenses, so it is possible the Florida Supreme Court will still be
interested in ruling on the appeal.
__New York Times__, Jan. 23.
Several law schools have reportedly been contacted by the Defense
Department about military recruitment pursuant to the Solomon
Amendment that was attached to federal appropriations for this
year.
The latest version of this Amendment purports to cut off all
direct federal financial assistance to any school that bars
military recruiters, but there is some difference of opinion as to
whether this also applies to scholarship assistance.
U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin ruled Jan. 22 that a recently
enacted federal statute banning the sale of sexually-explicit
materials on military bases violates the 1st Amendment and
requirements of due process and equal protection under the 5th
Amendment.
__General Media Communications, Inc. v. Perry__,
N.Y.L.J., Jan. 23, p.1.
Scheindlin concluded that only sale of
obscene material can be banned; thus, Congress's attempt to ban the
sale of "indecent" material chills protected speech and imposes a
vague standard.
A.S.L.
International Notes
Gay rights activists in Argentina report success in getting the
city council in Rosario, the nation's second largest city, to pass
a proposal on Dec. 20 which bans discrimination on the basis of
race, ethnic affiliation, gender, sexual orientation, age,
religion, ideology, nationality, physical appearance,
psychological, social or economic condition or any other
circumstance.
"The City promotes the removal of any and every type
of obstacles that, actually restricting equality and freedom,
impede a person's full development and her/his effective
participation in the social, political or economical community
life," reads a translation of the proposal posted to the Internet
by a member of the activist group, who reports that the measure was
similar to one passed in Buenos Aires a few months ago.
An appeals committee of the District Court in Tel-Aviv, Israel,
ruled on Jan. 8 that Adir Steiner, the domestic partner of the late
Colonel Doron Meisel, has the right to be recognized as a surviving
partner under the military pension law.
In a brief opinion, Judge
S. Aloni found that the refusal of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF)
to recognize Mr. Steiner (although opposite-sex unmarried partners
are recognized) constituted sex discrimination.
Judge Aloni
referred to the Israel Supreme Court's decision in __El-Al v.
Danilowitz__, in which the court held that employers must give gay
couples the same spousal benefits they give heterosexual couples.
This decision is seen as an important expansion of the
__Danilowitz__ decision, since that case was based on employment
discrimination statutes while this one construes the military
pension law, a separate statute.
The IDF has 30 days to file an
appeal.
Our thanks for details on this case from Aeyal Gross and
Dori Spivak of the Tel-Aviv University Faculty of Law.
In the opinion of Judge Luca Pistorelli, it is not defamatory to
call somebody a homosexual.
According to a Reuters story cited in
the __Washington Blade__ (Jan. 17), Pistorelli dismissed a
defamation suit brought by the members of a women's soccer team
against their coach, who had told a newspaper that he was
disbanding the team because its members were more interested in
having sex with each other than in playing soccer.
Wrote
Pistorelli, "The idea that attributing homosexuality to someone is
an insult to the honor, in the sense of an assault on the dignity
of their person, must be rejected decisively. . .
Calling someone
homosexual cannot constitute in itself a diminishment of the
person." A.S.L.
Professional Notes and Announcements
The Honorable Deborah A. Batts, a LeGaL member who is a judge of
the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, will
deliver the Noreen E. McNamara Memorial Lecture at Fordham
University Law School on Feb. 4.
A portrait of Judge Batts, a
former professor at Fordham, will be unveiled on the occasion of
the lecture, which will take place at 5:30 p.m.
__The American Lawyer__ has singled out Beatrice Dohrn, Legal
Director of Lambda Legal Defense Fund, as one of 45 "young lawyers
outside the private sector whose vision and commitment are changing
lives," and called Dohrn a "key agenda-setter for gay rights
litigation, a leader among a small group of lawyers who determine
which issues to pursue and how to frame cases for maximum impact."
__Washington Blade__, Jan. 17.
The Washburn Law Students Gay & Lesbian Network and the National
Lesbian & Gay Law Association co-sponsored a conference titled
"Constructing Change: Seeking Our Human Rights" at the Washburn Law
School in Topeka, Kansas, on January 31.
Speakers included Nancy
Maxwell, Patricia Cain, Matt Coles, Roger Leishman, James Wilets,
Mark Wojcik, Suzanne Levitt, James Schwartz, and Deb Taylor.
The 6th Annual Transgender Law and Employment Policy Conference
will be held in Houston, Texas, on July 11-12, 1997.
Principal
plenary speakers will be the Honorable Reginald E. Jones, Chair of
the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and Kerry Lobel,
Executive Director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
For
full details, visit the web page of the International Conference on
Transgender Law and Employment Policy at the following address:
www.abmall.com/ictlep, or e-mail an inquiry to ictlep@aol.com.
Contact the same for information about the newly published 5th
Annual Book on Transgender Issues, which was released in January
1997.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
HIV+ Surgeon in France Appears to Have Infected Patient
The French Health Ministry has announced that Dr. Patrick Cohen, a
French orthopedic surgeon who discovered he was HIV+ after being
tested in March 1994, seems to have infected a patient while
performing surgery in 1992 or 1993.
__New York Times__, Jan. 17.
Dr. Cohen suspects that he was infected through exposure to a
patient's blood while performing surgery in 1983.
When his HIV
test came back positive in 1994 and informed the Health Ministry,
the agency attempted to contact approximately 5,000 people on whom
the doctor had operated since 1983.
Of the 986 who responded, only
one tested positive.
Dr. Cohen believes that he cut himself while
performing hip replacement surgery on this patient.
Based on a
comparison of the virus retrieved from Dr. Cohen and from the
patient, Dr. Luc Montagnier, director of the National Center of
Virology at the Pasteur Institute and an early pioneer of AIDS
research credited with having first isolated and identified HIV in
the blood of persons with AIDS stated that it is "highly probable"
that Dr. Cohen transmitted the virus to the patient.
What this portends for the ability of HIV-infected surgeons to
continue their careers is uncertain.
Out of the thousands of
surgeries performed by HIV+ surgeons since the early 1980's, this
is to date the only documented case of transmission.
(The only
other case of transmission from a health care worker while
rendering treatment involved an American dentist.)
Up to now, the
failure to document any case has helped to provide a strong
argument to those who contend that HIV+ surgeons should be allowed
to continue their practices without revealing their HIV status to
patients.
However, it was always expected that at some time a
documented case of transmission would emerge.
Does this change the calculus of risk sufficiently to justify the
view expressed by Dr. Montagnier in his report on this incident --
that "if a surgeon is HIV positive, he should abstain from
performing invasive surgery, such as obstetric, gynecological,
orthopedic or stomach interventions" (as summarized in the __N.Y.
Times__ report on this incident)?
On Jan. 22, the __Times__
reported that the association governing French doctors had called
on all HIV+ surgeons to refrain from further surgical practice,
although it did not call for mandatory testing of all surgeons.
So far, every U.S. federal court to consider the issue has
concluded that HIV+ surgeons can be barred by their employers from
continuing to practice surgery, notwithstanding the provisions of
the Americans With Disabilities Act and section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act, which ban unjustified employment discrimination
on the basis of disabilities.
This new incident report will likely
be seen by the courts as increasing the justification for such
rulings, as it indicates that the theoretical possibility of
surgeon to patient transmission is no longer merely theoretical.
(However, since it is the only documented cases among thousands of
possible exposures, it does not change the calculus of risk from
what it was before this case was uncovered.)
A.S.L.
Illinois High Court Opts For Professional Standard on Blood Bank
Liability
In a Dec. 19 decision, the Supreme Court of Illinois defined the
standard of care under the Illinois Blood and Organ Transaction
Liability Act against which the conduct of a nonprofit blood bank
charged with negligence in collecting whole blood contaminated with
the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) must be measured.
Marietta Advincula, as the special administrator of the estate of
her husband, Ronaldo Advincula, brought a wrongful death action
against United Blood Services after Advincula's husband died of
AIDS, which he contracted from a blood transfusion during open
heart surgery in 1994.
The trial court charged the jury that the
Blood and Organ Transaction Liability Act requires that the blood
bank's actions be judged by the normal standard of due care.
At
issue was whether a Hepatitis B test available in 1994, that would
have eliminated some HIV-infected blood, should have been employed
by United Blood Services in testing the blood for AIDS even though
most blood banks did not employ this test at the time.
Based on
the jury charge, the jury returned a verdict in favor of plaintiff
and awarded damages of $2.14 million.
The intermediate appellate
court affirmed.
The Supreme Court of Illinois reversed.
__Advincula v. United
Blood Services__, 1996 WL 732045.
The decision turns on the
interpretation of the Blood and Organ Transaction Liability Act.
The Act states that "[e]very person, firm or corporation involved
in rendition of any of the services described in Section 2 warrants
to the person, firm or corporation receiving the service and to the
ultimate recipient that he has exercised due care and followed
professional standards of care in proving the service according to
the current state of medical arts."
Ill. Rev. Stat. 1983, ch.
111, par. 5103.
The lower courts had reconciled the conflict
between the "due care test, which in Illinois is the
reasonable person test and the professional standard of care, in
favor of due care.
The supreme court reversed, finding that the
Act represents "no more than a classic statement of the general
duty to which every professional is answerable, to exercise due
care, and the particularized measure of his conduct, by
professional standards of care."
The professional standards test
requires blood banks to be judged by the standard of what other
blood banks are doing rather than the reasonable person test.
Since the wrong test was employed, the court reversed and remanded
the case for a new trial.
T.V.L.
Montana Supreme Court Order Reconsideration of Workers Compensation
Decision Stemming from AIDS Phobia Claim
The Montana Supreme Court has ordered the state's Workers
Compensation Court to reconsider its decision in the case of
Michael S. Blythe, a respiratory therapy technician who had been
receiving benefits for mental injuries connected with exposure to
HIV.
__EBI/Orion Group v. Blythe__, 1997 WL 10410 (Jan. 7).
Blythe suffered a needlestick injury with a needle that had been
used to draw blood from an AIDS patient on Jan. 29, 1989.
He has
never tested positive for HIV, but claimed that he suffered
disabling psychosis as a result of the incident and filed a workers
compensation claim.
The insurer, EBI/Orion, accepted the claim
under a "reservation of rights" and began paying benefits.
In
1995, EBI/Orion petitioned the Workers Compensation Court for
permission to discontinue payments, contending that at this point
any mental injury Blythe may have suffered should have ended as a
result of his failure to develop HIV-infection, and that he was now
just malingering.
The Workers Compensation Court agreed with
EBI/Orion, basing its opinion on testimony from two clinical
psychologists, one of whom examined Blythe pursuant to court order
and the other of whom, a national authority on "malingering,"
testified based on his observation of Blythe's courtroom testimony
and a review of his medical records.
Blythe's own physician
testified that his psychological problems were real and continuing.
On appeal, Blythe contended that the Court did not have authority
to order an independent medical examination, and even if it did,
that the examination that took place was invalid because the
clinical psychologist who performed the evaluation was not a
medical doctor.
The court agreed with Blythe on this point; the
statute in Montana requires that medical examinations be performed
by medical doctors, and the court opined that it could not stretch
the definition of a medical doctor to include a psychologist.
However, the court concluded that this objection would not extend
to the testimony of the other psychologist, since he did not
examine Blythe and was merely called as an expert witness to give
his opinion based on observation and a review of the medical
records.
Thus, the court remanded the case to the Workers
Compensation Court, ordering it to reconsider without reference to
the examining psychologist's testimony.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds HIV+ Plaintiff Covered by ADA, But Holds There
Was No Actionable Discrimination
On Dec. 23, U.S. District Judge James M. Kelly ruled against an
HIV+ plaintiff who claimed that he was mistreated by hospital
personnel after seeking treatment for his assault-related injuries.
However, in granting summary judgment in favor of the defendant
hospital and employees in __Doe v. Montgomery Hospital__, 1996 WL
745524
(E.D.Pa.), the court recognized that an HIV+ individual is
disabled within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act
(ADA).
In Oct. 1994, the John Doe plaintiff sought treatment at Montgomery
Hospital for two fractured wrists which he sustained after being
assaulted.
Doe informed the nurse who took his medical history
that he was HIV+.
He was admitted to the hospital and underwent
orthopedic surgery on his broken wrists.
After his discharge from
the hospital, the plaintiff was seen on an out-patient basis in the
orthopedic surgeon's office and in the hospital emergency room.
Doe claimed that, before his surgery, an anesthesiologist solicited
his HIV status within earshot of another patient and that hospital
personnel indicated in large lettering on his chart that he was
HIV+.
He further claimed that a nurse came to his hospital room to
take his temperature wearing a gown, mask and gloves.
Doe also
stated that a priest paid an unsolicited visit to his hospital room
to pray over his bed.
After his release from the hospital, Doe
returned to the emergency room complaining of an odor emanating
from one of his casts.
The intake nurse advised Doe to schedule a
regular appointment with his orthopedic surgeon.
Feeling that he
needed more immediate attention, Doe refused to leave the emergency
room until he was treated for this condition.
Several hours later
an on-call surgeon replaced one of his casts.
The court first determined that Doe was disabled under the ADA
because he had an impairment "that substantially limits one or more
of the major life activities."
It identified procreation as such
an activity and indicated that the plaintiff has sworn that he has
and will continue to refrain from procreating due to his HIV
status.
The court further found that the defendant hospital as "a
place of public accommodation" is liable under the ADA, as is any
individual who has control over the service provider.
Despite these findings, the court determined that the hospital
personnel lacked both the power and decision-making authority
necessary to be held them liable under the ADA.
The court examined
all of Doe's allegations and held that the plaintiff had failed to
demonstrate that the hospital gave him inadequate or discriminatory
case as a result of his disability.
After granting summary
judgment on the ADA claim, the court also dismissed, without
prejudice, the plaintiff's remaining pendant state claim for lack
of jurisdiction.
C.W.
Ohio Appeals Court Upholds Felonious Assault Conviction of HIV+ Man
Who Spit at Police Officer
Finding that a "no contest" plea constituted a waiver of the right
to litigate contested facts, the Court of Appeals of Ohio, 10th
District, unanimously denied an appeal of a felonious assault
conviction of Jimmy Lee Bird on Dec. 31.
__State v. Bird__, 1996
WL 751467.
Bird was arrested on disorderly conduct charges on Oct. 2, 1993.
Because of his condition at the time of the arrest, the police
officers decided to take him to the hospital.
At that time, Bird
told the officers he was HIV+ and was taking AZT.
At the hospital,
Bird "became belligerent and disrespectful toward personnel in the
emergency room" and was ordered out of the hospital by the
attending physician.
The police officers took him back to their
wagon, at which time Bird spat in the face of one of the officers.
He was indicted for felonious assault, which requires proof that a
person knowingly causes or attempts to cause harm to another by
means of a deadly weapon.
Ohio R.C. 2903.11.
Bird was assigned
counsel, who assisted him in negotiating a no contest plea under
which he was sentenced to probation rather than incarceration on
his conviction.
Bird attempted to appeal the conviction, claiming
that the indictment was defective, that HIV-infected saliva is not
a "deadly weapon" within the meaning of the statute, and that he
received ineffective assistance of counsel.
In an opinion for the appeals court, Judge Petree found that "the
question whether HIV may be communicated through saliva is a
question of medical fact which can be determined only by resort to
expert medical evidence," but that a no contest plea constituted a
waiver of the right to contest disputed facts at trial, and that
Bird had failed to allege any particular in which the factual
recitation of the indictment was defective.
As to the ineffective
assistance of counsel claim, the court appeared to believe that
Bird came off pretty well, having his sentence initially suspended
and then being placed on probation.
"Under the circumstances,"
wrote Petree, "we will indulge the presumption that counsel's
performance fell within the wide range of reasonable assistance."
A.S.L.
District Court Finds Employer Met Accommodation Requirement;
Struggled With Disability Determination for HIV+ Plaintiff
The United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Virginia allowed summary judgment for an employer on the ground
that it had reasonably accommodated its employee's HIV-related
handicap.
__EEOC v. Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Co.__,
1996 WL 731895 (E.D. Va. Dec. 18).
Eugene O'Donnell, a 25-year
employee of Newport News, experienced flu-like symptoms which he
attributed to an allergic reaction enhanced by his HIV infection.
Newport News first relocated O'Donnell to another building, where
his symptoms apparently abated somewhat, and then relocated him
again, to a second office where his allergies worsened.
O'Donnell
went on short-term disability while the company attempted to fix
the environmental systems that were spreading the allergens.
The EEOC argued that Newport News had failed to reasonably
accommodate O'Donnell by forcing him to relocate out of the first
office, and by placing him on short-term disability rather than
allowing him to return to the first office.
The court rejected
both arguments, finding no evidence that it was medically necessary
for O'Donnell to remain in the first office.
In addition, the
company was not required to select the accommodation O'Donnell
favored, i.e., returning him to the first office.
Newport News
also showed that the level of allergens in the first office was
higher than in the second, which undercut the EEOC's argument that
reasonable accommodation would have meant O'Donnell returning
there.
Underlying the court's decision are hints that the court struggled
with the question of whether to define O'Donnell's condition as a
"true" disability.
The opinion notes twice that O'Donnell did not
have an AIDS diagnosis, that he had never had any opportunistic
infections, and that his immune system was functioning within the
normal range.
D.W.
D.C. Commission Fumbles Back-Pay Determination for PWA Hairdresser
Affirming a decision on liability for disability and personal
appearance discrimination, the District of Columbia Court of
Appeals has remanded an employment discrimination case to the
District's Human Rights Commission for a redetermination of the
backpay award, holding that the Commission failed to make the
required inquiry into mitigation of damages.
__Natural Motion by
Sandra, Inc. v. D.C. Commission on Human Rights__, 1997 WL 13685
(Jan. 29).
The case concerns a discrimination claim by Richard Hamilton, a gay
PWA who worked as a hairdresser for the appellant.
In the spring
of 1989 he developed lesions characteristic of Kaposi's sarcoma, as
well as severe swelling on his leg.
He did not tell his employer,
Sandra Butler, that he had AIDS, but did tell her that he needed an
accommodation to deal with the leg.
She allowed him to take a
reduced schedule and supplied a stool to help him keep the leg
elevated.
Over the next three years, Hamilton claims he was
subjected to derogatory remarks about his illness and his sexual
orientation.
He was hospitalized several times to deal with AIDS
complications, and had to cancel some appointments with clients.
On January 30, 1991, he was discharged and filed a complaint with
the Human Rights Commission, which determined that the various
justifications offered by Butler for the discharge were pretextual.
The Court of Appeals agreed, in an opinion by Judge Farrell,
finding that there was substantial evidence in the record for the
Commission's determination of pretext and for the Commission's
conclusion: "It was obvious that respondents, especially Butler,
became uncomfortable with [Hamilton].
They feared the swollen leg.
By terminating Hamilton for this condition despite having received
`assurances from [his] health provider that [his] condition was not
a threat to anyone,' Natural Motion committed unlawful
discrimination under the Act."
However, the Court of Appeals found merit to Butler's contention
that the backpay award was flawed by the Commission's failure to
take into account what Hamilton earned or could have earned in
other employment from the time of his discharge until the date of
the reinstatement order.
At the hearing before the Commission,
Butler's counsel had asked questions concerning attempts by
Hamilton to find other work, including his explanation as to why he
did not actively look for work, but the Commission's decision goes
into none of this and inexplicably states that the issue of
mitigation was never raised by the respondent.
The court pointed
out that the record contained various factual assertions relevant
to the mitigation issue, and that the Commission must fully
consider the issue before making an award.
The court rejected as
premature Butler's challenge to the Commission's determination to
award attorney's fees, since an amount was not yet specified
pending conclusion of the appellate process.
A.S.L.
Connecticut Court Rejects Attempt to Fix Tort Liability on Per Diem
Nurse for Another Nurse's Needlestick Injury
Granting a defense motion for summary judgment, Judge Hurley of the
Connecticut Superior Court ruled Jan. 3 in __Milam v. Carol__, 1997
WL 12235, that a nurse employed by the Waterford Health and
Rehabilitation Center could not sue another nurse who worked at the
Center for negligence in connection with a needlestick injury
suffered by the plaintiff.
According to papers filed with the motion, Carol Collette, a per
diem nurse at Waterford, was on duty the evening of April 4, 1995,
when a patient died from AIDS and an intravenous cassette used to
deliver morphine to the patient was placed in a medication cart.
When Susan Milam, also a nurse, reported for duty on the morning
shift, she was stuck by the needle attached to the morphine
cassette while it was being removed from the medication cart.
Milam could not sue her employer for any resulting injury due to
the workers compensation act, under which her sole remedy for
injury due to negligence by the employer or a fellow employee was
a prescribed claim for benefits.
However, Milam claimed that the
needle was negligently left in the cart by Collette, and asserted
that Collette was an independent contractor and thus amenable to
personal tort liability to Milam for the resulting injury.
Judge Hurley's decision focuses solely on the question whether
Collette was an employee.
Although Collette worked on an as-
needed, per diem basis, and also provided nursing services at other
facilities in the community and carried her own personal liability
insurance, Hurley found that she was, as a matter of law, an
employee of the hospital after undertaking a searching review of
Connecticut precedents and all the relevant facts of her
relationship with Waterford.
The court does not address the
substance of the negligence claim.
A.S.L.
Pennsylvania Appeals Court Denies Unemployment Benefits to Nursing
Assistant Fired For Refusing to Serve PWA's
Affirming an order of the Pennsylvania Unemployment Compensation
Board of Review, a panel of the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court
voted 2-1 to deny unemployment benefits to Darrin A. Dougherty, who
was discharged from his position as a nursing assistant at Fair
Acres Geriatric Care Center for refusing to work with AIDS
patients.
__Dougherty v. Unemployment Compensation Review Board__,
686 A.2d 53 (Dec. 3, 1996).
Dougherty claimed that when he was assigned to the unit in
question, he was not told in advance that certain patients had AIDS
or that he was to use any special precautions.
Dougherty had been
instructed to use universal precautions with all patients, and had
been issued rubber gloves.
He expressed concern about the
possibility of contracting HIV from a patient and bringing the
infection home to his family, and refused to deal with the PWA's in
his ward.
He was discharged for willful misconduct, and his
application for unemployment benefits was contested by the Center.
The Review Board affirmed the referee's determination that
Dougherty's willful misconduct in refusing to follow a reasonable
assignment order justified disqualifying him for benefits.
Rejecting Dougherty's contention that the assignment was
unreasonable because he was not given adequate training, Judge
Narick wrote for the court: "Claimant did not offer any evidence of
what training he believed he was lacking.
Claimant did receive
Universal Precautions training but did not specify what type of
information Employer omitted in that training which was necessary
to protect his health while working with AIDS patients.
In fact,
Claimant's training included information about the cause and
prevention of AIDS. The Universal Precautions training also
included instruction on how to prevent the transmission of disease,
including the routine use of gloves, proper hand washing, the use
of further protective equipment for certain procedures, methods of
handling needles, and how to dispose of infectious waste and
handling soiled laundry."
Concluded Narick, "Our careful review of the record reveals solely
that Claimant, despite his training, harbored unnecessary fears and
misconceptions concerning AIDS.
Claimant has only demonstrated to
this Court that he had subjective beliefs that these patients posed
a special risk to him and that Employer had inadequately equipped
him to deal with those risks.
A subjective belief alone does not
constitute good cause for actions that would otherwise disqualify
a claimant from benefits."
In a brief dissent, Judge Freedman contended that the court had
improperly failed to address the contention that the employer's
directive to work with AIDS patients was reasonable under the
circumstances, apparently accepting Dougherty's contention that the
Center had provided inadequate training and protective gear for the
assignment.
A.S.L.
U.S. Court in Louisiana Allows Action to Proceed Against
Discriminatory Counselor at Trade School
U.S. District Judge Livaudais refused to dismiss a claim under the
Louisiana Human Rights Act against a financial aid counselor at
Cameron College alleging differential treatment of an HIV+
applicant for admission.
__Griffin v. Cameron College, Inc.__,
1997 WL 13717 (E.D.La., Jan. 13).
The claim is presented as
supplementary to federal claims against the college under the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Pansy Aaron Griffin learned she was HIV+ early in 1995.
On July 21
of that year, she applied for admission to Cameron College, a
private, for-profit institution, seeking to pursue a course of
study either as a licensed practical nurse or a medical assistant.
She disclosed her HIV status to the Admissions representative, who
told her that it would not be a bar to admission and referred her
to Pam Corona, the Financial Aid counselor.
Corona advised her
that she would be entitled to a federal Pell Grant to assist with
tuition and fees, but that she would have to pay for books and
uniforms without such assistance, and advance payment would be
required before she could be admitted.
Griffin alleges that this
advance payment requirement was not imposed on applicants who were
not HIV+, and also that Corona criticized Neal for admitting an
HIV+ applicant.
She also claims that Neal was discharged for
admitting her to the college.
Griffin sued Corona and the college
for disability discrimination.
As individual employees are not
subject to liability for their employer's actions under the federal
statute, Griffin did not oppose Corona's motion to dismiss the
federal claims against her, and this decision concerned only
Corona's continued inclusion as a co-defendant on the supplementary
state law claim under Louisiana's Human Rights Act.
Corona argued that "because she had no authority or discretion to
make decisions on behalf of defendant Cameron College," she could
not be held liable under the Act.
"By law," wrote Judge Livaudais,
"the statute is not so limiting," and found that summary judgment
would be inappropriate since there were issues of material fact as
to whether Corona had treated Griffin differently based on her HIV
status.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Dismisses Tort Claims Against Prominent AIDS Doctor
In __Santan-Morris v. New York University Medical Center__, 1996 WL
709577 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 10), U.S. District Judge Miriam Cedarbaum
ruled that the plaintiff, Eileen Santan-Morris, failed to state a
claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress and dismissed
as time barred the plaintiff's claim of tortious interference with
economic interests.
When Ellen Santan-Morris was assigned to work for Dr. Alvin
Friedman-Kien in May 1990 her duties were administrative in nature.
After a laboratory technician resigned in June 1993, Ms. Santan-
Morris was assigned to perform new tasks including the preparation,
handling and transporting of blood and urine samples.
Plaintiff
alleged that some of the specimens were HIV- infected.
After being
given these added responsibilities, the plaintiff began to suffer
anxiety attacks.
Plaintiff claimed that in the course of obtaining
medication for this condition, she discovered that Dr. Friedman-
Kien had used her name for other prescriptions that she had never
received.
According to Ms. Santan-Morris, when she confronted Dr.
Friedman-Kien with these facts he threatened to fire her if she
reported it.
Plaintiff requested and was denied a transfer to
another department.
Plaintiff then informed her superiors that she
would notify the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
(OSHA) if she was required to continue handling the specimens.
Plaintiff claims that Dr. Friedman-Kien then asked for her
resignation which she gave him under duress in April 1994.
Ms.
Santan-Morris claims that after she stopped working at NYU, Dr.
Friedman-Kien continued to retaliate against her by telling others
that she was mentally unstable and by informing her bank that she
had embezzled money.
The court requested that Dr. Friedman-Kien turn over materials that
he claimed proved that the Ms. Santan-Morris had embezzled funds.
The defendant refused these requests.
The
court chose to ignore
the defendant's lack of cooperation and further asserted that even
if Dr. Friedman-Kien acted in the manner alleged by Ms. Santan-
Morris, the defendant's conduct was not "atrocious and intolerable"
and did not rise to the required level of outrageousness to make
out a claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress.
The
court also held that the defendant's conduct occurred and his
statements were made more than one year before Jan. 29, 1966, the
expiration date of the statute of limitations. Even though Dr.
Friedman-Kien allegedly continued to make defamatory remarks after
this date, Judge Cedarbaum refused to extend the statutory period
under New York's doctrine of continuing wrongs.
She held that in
order to toll the statute of limitations under this doctrine the
continuing wrongs must be sufficient to state a claim of
intentional infliction of emotional distress independent of the
acts that fell outside of the time bar.
The court held that the
continuing statements failed to meet this standard. C.W.
11th Circuit Endorses EEOC Position on Disabilities That Can Be
Controlled Through Medication
Departing from the reasoning of a small but growing body of cases
on the subject, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit held
in __Harris v. H & W Contracting Co.__, 102 F.3d 516 (Dec. 31),
that a person with Grave's disease, which is controllable through
medication, may nonetheless be considered a person with a
disability under the Americans With Disabilities Act and thus
protected from unjustified employment discrimination.
This
decision opens up a disagreement with the 5th Circuit, which ruled
in __Chandler v. City of Dallas__, 2 F.3d 1385 (Sept. 20, 1993),
that a person with impaired vision is not covered by the Act if his
vision can be corrected through glasses or contact lenses, and with
several district courts that have expressly refused to follow an
EEOC interpretive guideline that is followed in the __Harris__
decision.
__See__, e.g., __Murphy v. United Parcel Service__, 1996
WL 699380 (D.Kans., Oct. 22); __Moore v. City of Overland Park__,
1996 WL 753949 (D.Kans., Dec. 17); __Gerdes v. Swift-Eckrich,
Inc.__, 1996 WL 738523 (N.D.Iowa, Dec. 2, 1996).
The EEOC interpretation, published at 29 C.F.R. app. sec. 1630.2(j)
(1996), states, in pertinent part: "The determination of whether an
individual is substantially limited in a major life activity [a
requirement to be considered disabled under the first prong of the
definition under the ADA] must be made on a case by case basis,
without regard to mitigating measures such as medicines, or
assistive or prosthetic devices."
The 11th Circuit in __Harris__
found that this statement is fully supported by Congressional
intent as expressed in the legislative history of the statute,
contrary to the other courts cited above, which refused to defer to
this interpretation on the ground that it was seen as inconsistent
with the express language of the statute.
This issue is, of course, potentially crucial for ADA and
Rehabilitation Act sec. 504 protection for persons with HIV-
infection and/or AIDS, particularly as new treatments make it
possible that HIV/AIDS will become a medically manageable condition
over significant periods of time for many persons with AIDS.
A.S.L.
Another Court Finds Estoppel Bars Discrimination Claim by
Disability Benefits Recipients
Continuing a disturbing trend, the Michigan Court of Appeals has
approved the use of estoppel to prevent a person who is receiving
disability benefits from asserting an employment discrimination
claim under disability law.
In __Tranker v. Figgie
International__, 1997 WL 3193 (Jan. 3), a per curiam decision, the
court affirmed dismissal of a claim under the Michigan
Handicappers' Civil Rights Act on the ground that the plaintiff had
begun receiving Social Security Disability benefits based on a
claim of total disability prior to his discharge from employment.
(The case involved a man who suffered continuing disabling effects
of injuries sustained in an automobile accident; he was discharged
some time after returning to work.)
Facing a question of first
impression under Michigan law, the court found "persuasive" the
decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit in
__McNemar v. Disney Store, Inc.__, 91 F.3d 610 (1996), in which
that court held that an HIV+ plaintiff who had filed a claim for
disability benefits with the Social Security Administration could
not simultaneously pursue a claim for employment discrimination
under the Americans With Disabilities Act against his employer.
The court's reasoning was that a plaintiff under ADA must allege
that the impairment constituting a disability does not prevent him
from performing the duties of his job, but an applicant for Social
Security disability benefits must allege under oath that he is
disabled from performing gainful employment.
Seeing this
allegations as inconsistent, the court raises an estoppel against
the plaintiff who has been receiving disability benefits from
pursuing the discrimination claim.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Blumenkopf, Jay S., Dean M. Conway, and Kristina B. Pett, __Same-
Gender Harassment in the Workplace__, 38 For the Defense No. 12, 24
(Dec. 1996).
Boyd, Elizabeth A., Richard A. Berk, and Karl M. Hamner,
__"Motivated by Hatred or Prejudice": Categorization of Hate-
motivated Crimes in Two Police Divisions__, 30 L. & Soc. Rev. 819
(1996).
Chambers, David L., __What If? The Legal Consequences of Marriage
and the Legal Needs of Lesbian and Gay Male Couples__, 95 Mich. L.
Rev. 447 (November 1996).
Colker, Ruth, __Pregnant Men Revisited or Sperm Is Cheap, Eggs Are
Not__, 47 Hastings L.J. 1063 (April 1996)
Herbert, Steve, __Morality in Law Enforcement: Chasing "Bad Guys"
with the Los Angeles Police Department__, 30 L. & Soc. Rev. 799
(1996).
Ikemoto, Lisa C., __The In/Fertile, the Too Fertile, and the
Dysfertile__, 47 Hastings L.J. 1007 (April 1996).
Mountbatten, John, __Priscilla's Revenge: or the Strange Case of
Transsexual Law Reform in Victoria__, 20 Melbourne U. L. Rev. 871
(June 1996).
Nivala, John, __Constitutional Architecture: The First Amendment
and the Single Family House__, 33 San Diego L. Rev. 291 (Feb-Mar
1996).
O'Connell, Rory, __Natural Law: Alive and Kicking? A Look at the
Constitutional Morality of Sexual Privacy in Ireland__, 9 Ratio
Juris 258 (Sep. 1996).
Robertson, John A., __Assisted Reproductive Technology and the
Family__, 47 Hastings L.J. 911 (April 1996).
Stychin, Carl F., __Constituting Sexuality: The Struggle for Sexual
Orientation in the South African Bill of Rights__, 23 J. L. &
Society (Cardiff Law School, Wales) 455 (December 1996).
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Dillof, Anthony M., Romer v. Evans__ and the Constitutionality of
Higher Lawmaking__, 60 Albany L. Rev. 361 (1996).
Eichinger-Swainston, Katja M., Fox v. Fox__: Redefining the Best
Interest of the child Standard for Lesbian Mothers and Their
Families__, 32 Tulsa L.J. 57 (Fall 1996).
Lee, Tiffani G., Cox v. Department of Health and Rehabilitative
Services__: A Challenge to Florida's Homosexual Adoption Ban__, 51
U. Miami L. Rev. 151 (Oct. 1996).
Loveland, Ian, __A Fundamental Right to Be Gay Under the Fourteenth
Amendment?__, Pub. L. 601 (Winter 1996).
McFarland, Deborah N., __Beyond Sex Discrimination: A Proposal for
Federal Sexual Harassment Legislation__, 65 Fordham L. Rev. 493
(Oct. 1996).
Pham, Curt, __Let's Get Married in Hawaii: A Story of Conflicting
Laws, Same-Sex Couples, and Marriage__, 30 Fam L. Q. 727 (Fall
1996) (Schwab Essay Contest Winner).
Wachs, Scott W., __Slamming the Closet Door Shut:__ Able,
Thomasson__ and the Reality of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"__, 41
N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 309 (1996).
__Symposia:__
A theme issue on new reproductive technology and the law in Vol.
47, No. 4 (April 1996) of the Hastings Law Journal includes several
articles of particular interest to lesbians and gay men,
highlighted above, but the whole issue is undoubtedly of value to
those with an interest in the subject.
__Specially Noted:__
Prof. Chambers's article, noted above, is the first we have seen to
do an extensive analysis of the legal consequences for same-sex
couples if marriage becomes available.
* * *
The International
Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission and the Lambda Legal
Defense & Education Fund, Inc., have jointly published __Asylum
Based on Sexual Orientation: A Resource Guide__, to assist asylum
seekers in the U.S.
The Guide is edited by Sydney Levy, IGLHRC
Asylum Project Coordinator, with the assistance of Lambda staff
attorney Suzanne Goldberg.
Copies may be purchased from IGLHRC
(415-255-8680) or Lambda (212-995-8585); there is a reduced price
for pro bono attorneys and low-income clients.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Alkas, Peri H., and Wayne X. Shandera, __HIV and AIDS in Africa:
African Policies in Response to AIDS in Relation to Various
National Legal Traditions__, 17 J. Legal Med. 527 (Dec. 1996).
Association of the Bar of the City of New York, __Comment on
Maternal Pediatric HIV Prevention and Care Program__, 51 Record of
the Association of the Bar of the City of New York 826 (December
1996).
Closen, Michael L., __HIV-AIDS, Infected Surgeons and Dentists, and
the Medical Profession's Betrayal of Its Responsibility to
Patients__, 41 N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 57 (1996).
Elovitz, Marc E., __Why the Debate on Restricting Health Care
Workers With HIV Should End: A Response to Professor Closen__, 41
N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 141 (1996).
Karlan, Pamela S., and George Rutherglen, __Disabilities,
Discrimination, and Reasonable Accommodation__, 46 Duke L.J. 1
(Oct. 1996).
Wilson, John P., __Limitation of Manufacturer Liability for
Administration of an AIDS Vaccine Overseas__, 30 Int'l Lawyer 783
(Winter 1996).
Symposium Dialogue, __Job Restrictions and Disclosure Requirements
for HIV-Infected Health Care Professionals: Whose Privacy Is It
Anyway?__, 41 N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 5 (1996) (Participants: Michael L.
Closen, Marc E. Elovitz, Arthur S. Leonard, Kathryn C. Meyer,
Norton Spritz).
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Robling, Kenneth C., __Negligent HIV Testing and False-Positive
Plaintiffs: Pardoning the Traditional Prerequisites for Emotional
Distress Recovery__, 43 Cleveland State L. Rev. 655 (1995).
Stenger, Christine E., __Taking__ Tarasoff__ Where No One Has Gone
Before: Looking at "Duty to Warn" Under the AIDS Crisis__, 15 St.
Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 471 (1996).
__Symposia:__
__Symposium: Job Restrictions and Disclosure Requirements for HIV-
Infected Health Care Professionals: Whose Privacy Is It Anyway?__,
41 N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. No. 1 (1996) (edited transcript of discussion,
bibliography, and two articles, noted above, with introduction by
Arthur S. Leonard).
EDITOR'S NOTE
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the
Editor or send by e-mail. A.S.L.