https://www.progenealogists.com/terms-of-service
Free Estimate
Free Estimate
Genealogy Research
Books and Oral Histories
Identify Biological Family
Heir Research
Heritage Travel
Corporate Services
Our Experts
How It Works
Client Stories
My Profile
Logout
Terms of Service
AncestryProGenealogistsTM is dedicated to researching, creating, and preserving high quality, detailed family history research and tools, while maintaining a constant commitment to client care and service. Before using our website at www.progenealogists.com (hereafter, the “Website”) or enlisting the services of AncestryProGenealogists, please review the following terms and conditions, which define your rights and benefits as a user of the AncestryProGenealogists Website and Services (as defined below) (the “Terms” or the “Agreement”).
AncestryProGenealogists is the trade name of TGN Services, LLC (hereinafter "we", "our", "us" or “AncestryProGenealogists”), a subsidiary of Ancestry.com Operations Inc. (“Ancestry”). We conduct professional family history research services and provide family-history research related products and materials (our “Services”). "You" or "your" means an adult client of our Services. The Website and the Services are offered from the United States of America. Use of the Services and the Website results in information being stored and processed by Ancestry in the United States and other countries, and you specifically consent to Ancestry’s storage and processing of the personal data you submit.
AncestryProGenealogists may provide you with information, photos, graphics, data, editorials, textual, educational and/or other material, either through the Website or through our Services (“Content”).  Most Content provided by AncestryProGenealogistsis copyrighted by or licensed to AncestryProGenealogists, its agents, or third party providers, and may be used only in accordance with the limited use license below.
These Terms apply to all users of the Website or the Services on or after 29 July 2016. For the previous version of these Terms, please click here.
1. LIMITED USE LICENSE
You are licensed to use the Content only for personal or professional family history research. You may use, cite, or download Content only if it is relevant to that type of research and only if AncestryProGenealogists is listed as the source of that Content. The republishing of whole or significant portions of any Content or Services produced by AncestryProGenealogists is prohibited without the express written consent of AncestryProGenealogists.
AncestryProGenealogists holds no claim to copyrights for the copies of original records and other photocopied documents taken from books, abstracts and typescripts. Therefore, you can copy these materials in accordance with the current copyright laws, if applicable. However, any genealogist’s report that is sent to you as part of our Services is copyrighted material. An AncestryProGenealogists report cannot be reproduced in its entirety on web pages, electronic media, or in family newsletters without permission from us. Small portions of the genealogist's report may be quoted, if properly cited and credited to the genealogist and to AncestryProGenealogists, in any materialsthat you might create or allow others to create.
2. GENERAL TERMS
2.1  You must be 18 years or older to request or order our Services.
2.2  If you are interested in purchasing our Services, please provide a complete research request to AncestryProGenealogists online at https://www.progenealogists.com/free-estimate or call us at US +1-800-596-3230 or AU 1800 607 326 (from Australia).  Once we have received a research request from you, someone from our sales team will reach out to you to discuss your research needs and collect additional information from you. If you decide to proceed, we will collect your payment information, charge your credit card for the requested services (if you are paying by credit card) and send you a Genealogical Services Agreement (the “Services Agreement”) to sign. We must receive a signed Services Agreement from you, along with the appropriate retainer (see Section 3.2), before we will begin providing Services. You agree that the specific Services provided to you by AncestryProGenealogists will be subject to both these Terms and the Services Agreement. If there is a conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and the Services Agreement, the provisions of the Services Agreement shall control, but only to the extent of such conflict or inconsistency. If you don't agree with any of these Terms or the Services Agreement, or if you have any objections to our Privacy Statement you must not use the Services or the Website.
2.3  By using the Website or requesting our Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and refrain from infringing any third-party rights or interests (for example, privacy and intellectual property rights). You also agree that you will not knowingly or willfully submit inaccurate, defamatory or offensive information to AncestryProGenealogists directly or through the Website.
2.4  When we’ve finished the research, you can expect to receive access to an online family tree and a detailed research journal, unless otherwise specified in the Services Agreement. Family group sheets, pedigree charts and maps may be provided, as needed or requested in the Services Agreement for illustration purposes. You may have the opportunity to purchase additional materials and/or products, which are not included in the Services and may have a separate cost associated with them. Any additional research will be included in a new Services Agreement or an amendment to a previous Services Agreement.
3. FEES AND PAYMENTS
3.2  The fee that you pay for our Services is for our expert time and attention. We bill hourly for our professional research services and expertise in 6 minute increments. We have a 20 hour minimum, and the estimated time for our Services will be included in the Services Agreement agreed upon between you and us.
3.2  Retainer. If you purchase our Services, you must prepay by providing us with a retainer, the amount of which will depend on the Services you request and will be specified in your Services Agreement. You may pay for Services by check (US customers only), credit card or money order in U.S. funds. Upon completion, all research costs associated with our Services will be deducted from the retainer. Hourly labor costs will include the time it takes us to review previous research, correspond with you (e-mail, phone, postal mail), perform research, analyze our findings, and creating any deliverables (including, but not limited to, creating your family tree and writing reports). Other research costs include, for example, copying, postage, shipping and handling, long distance phone calls (to you and others, as applicable). If additional services beyond your retainer amount are required, we will contact you first to obtain your permission to continue and to ask for payment information. Once your retainer is exhausted, we may, at our sole discretion, suspend our services to you until we have received payment from you for additional services. Upon completion of the Services, if the remaining retainer is less than the equivalent of one hour of work, we reserve the right to retain those funds as a management fee.
3.3 Research sessions are handled in the order that the signed Services Agreement and retainer were received. Unless otherwise specified in the Services Agreement, sessions are often completed in 4-6 months from receipt of the Services Agreement and retainer. However, there are times that research projects may extend past this time frame pending receipt of outside correspondence or availability of resources. In case of a delay extending past the 6 month period, we will notify you.
3.4  Unless otherwise specified in your Services Agreement, if and when accounts become over 30 days past due, the account balance will be billed interest and finance charges in the amount of 1 and ½ percent per month (or the highest amount permitted by law, if lower than 1.5%) until the balance is paid in full.
4. COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN ANCESTRYPROGENEALOGISTS AND YOU
We may contact you (via electronic mail, physical mail or otherwise) for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the AncestryProGenealogists Website or Services, or of any Ancestry-related products and services. You may opt out of these emails by sending an e-mail to support@ProGenealogists.com.
5. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SERVICE
AncestryProGenealogists has the right, at its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or our Services at any time; however no changes can be made to any provisions contained in the Services Agreement between us and you without your approval. Changes in this Agreement or our Services will be posted online on the Website or sent via email or postal mail to you. If any portion of this Agreement or any change of this Agreement or our Services is unacceptable to you or will cause you to no longer be in compliance with the Agreement, you may opt not to accept such changes and cease using our Services. Continued use of our Services following posted notices of changes in this Agreement means that you have accepted and are bound by the changes.
6. CANCELLATION POLICY
In order to cancel the Services we are providing to you under a Services Agreement, you must call us at +1-800-596-3230 or email us at support@progenealogists.com. If you cancel the Services, the cancellation will take effect upon our receipt of your notice, and our researchers will then write a summary of the research conducted prior to receipt of the cancellation notice and calculate the total time spent and expenses incurred performing Services on your behalf. All their time and expenses will then be deducted from your prepaid retainer. If there is an outstanding balance, we will invoice you for the amount owed.
This section is without prejudice to any statutory cancelation rights that may apply in your place of residence.
Statutory Termination during the “Cooling Off Period”:
If you are based in the European Union, there is a 14 (fourteen) day “Cooling-off Period” commencing on the date the Services Agreement is signed AncestryProGenealogists will not commence the Services until the Cooling-off Period elapses, unless expressly requested to do so.   If you have not requested that we commence the Services during the Cooling-off Period, you may, without giving any reason, terminate a Service Agreement at any time during the Cooling-off Period and we will refund any amounts paid by you.
7. DISCLAIMERS
7.1  No Guarantees for Services. In purchasing our Services, you are engaging our professional genealogists to perform research on your behalf. AncestryProGenealogists conducts research in accordance with the highest professional standards and the Code of Ethics published by the Association of Professional Genealogists. Because of variables that can limit success (time allotted, common surnames, time period and place, records availability) during research, there is no guarantee that any specific or positive results will be obtained. Our skilled researchers promise to do their best work, and that is all that we can offer.
7.2  No Warranties. We make no express warranties or representations as to the quality and/or accuracy of the Content, the Website or the Services, and we expressly disclaim any implied warranties, conditions and/or representations, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, to the full extent permissible under applicable law. We offer the Content, the Website and the Services on an "as is” basis and do not accept responsibility for any use of or reliance on the Website, Content or Services, or for any disruptions to or delay in the Services. In addition, we do not make any representations as to the accuracy, comprehensiveness, completeness, quality, currency, error-free nature, compatibility, security or fitness for purpose of the Website, Content or Services. AncestryProGenealogists does not guarantee the adequacy of the Services or Websites or compatibility thereof to your computer equipment, mobile devices, or environment and does not warrant that the Website, the Service, their servers, or any emails which may be sent by us or on our behalf are free of viruses or any other harmful components.
7.3  Liability Disclaimer. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we limit our liability. In particular, we shall not be liable for any damages that we cause unintentionally and we shall not be liable to you for any actual, incidental, indirect or consequential loss or damage howsoever caused, provided that nothing in this Agreement will be interpreted so as to limit or exclude any liability which may not be excluded or limited by law. For example, we shall not be liable to you for any of the following types of damages, whether in contract, tort (including negligence and strict liability) or otherwise (whether such loss or damage was foreseeable, known or otherwise): (i) loss of revenue; (ii) loss of actual or anticipated profits; (iii) loss of the use of money; (iv) loss of anticipated savings; or (v) loss or corruption of, or damage to, data, systems or programs. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow exclusions as broad as those stated above or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may, in whole or in part, not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Websites or the Services, or with any clause of these terms, as your sole and exclusive remedy you may discontinue using the Websites and the Services. Although we will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable to others as well as to us if your account is used in violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
7.4  Indemnity. You agree to indemnify us against all liabilities, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of this Agreement by you or otherwise as a result of your use of the Website or Services.
7.5  Third Party Services. We may, from time to time, provide opportunities to you to purchase services from third parties. Websites of those third parties are subject to terms and conditions different from these Terms and it is your responsibility to ensure that you have read and understood them. We make no warranty concerning, is not responsible for and does not endorse any third party provided goods or services, and you agree that any recourse for dissatisfaction or problems with those goods or services will be sought from the third party provider and not from us.
8.  MISCELLANEOUS
8.1  Assignment. We reserve the right to assign or transfer our rights and obligations under this Agreement. These terms are personal to you and, as a result, you may not without the written consent of AncestryProGenealogists assign or transfer any of your rights and obligations under these terms.
8.2  Disclosure of Information. You acknowledge and agree that AncestryProGenealogists may disclose your information if AncestryProGenealogists believes that it is required to do so by law, or that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or governmental requests; (b) enforce the Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or safety of the Website, the users, or the public.
8.3  Severability. In the event that any term of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these terms shall remain valid and enforceable. We can replace any term which is not valid and enforceable with a term of similar meaning which is valid and enforceable.
8.4  Waiver. Any failure by us to enforce any terms of this Agreement shall not affect our right to require performance at any subsequent time, nor shall the waiver by us of any breach by you of any provisions of these Terms be taken to be a waiver of the provision or provisions itself.
8.5 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by the law of the State of Utah and to the extent applicable, the Federal law of the United States of America. Any action to enforce this Agreement shall be brought in the state courts located in Salt Lake City.
8.6 Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including these Terms, the Privacy Statement, and any terms, conditions and policies expressly referenced herein, as well as any Services Agreement(s) executed by you and AncestryProGenealogists, shall constitute the complete understanding and agreement between you and us, and shall supersede and cancel any prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, except as expressly provided otherwise by AncestryProGenealogists.
9. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments, please call +1-800-596-3230 or send an email to support@progenealogists.com.
Official correspondence must be sent via postal mail to:
AncestryProGenealogists
324 South State, Suite 100
Salt Lake City, UT 84111
Get Started Today.
Gift Certificates are available upon request.
Get My Free Estimate!
Take it from our customers
Unknown Parentage Research
"You have no idea how much I appreciate what you and your team have done for me. I've been on the phone almost every day with my sister and both of my cousins. Carol and I are traveling to Tennessee to see my cousins and their families and friends. I can't thank you all enough!"
- Wayne
Ancestral Travel
"We all enjoyed very much our ancestral home visit with Gabriele this morning. It gave us exactly what I wanted it to do, to put some ‘flesh on the bones’ of the vital records, and put my wife’s ancestors in the context of what they did and where they lived and what their world was like when they were in Palermo. Gabriele himself was a pleasure to spend time with and I was impressed by the work he did preparing for our tour."
- Mark
Genealogy Research
"Our sincere thanks for the expertise of your team. The extent of their research shows why professionals are needed when lay persons reach the end of readily available resources or miss what is or should be obvious."
- Ronald
Family History Book
"The writing and editing of my book went better than expected. Your entire team made the process very enjoyable. Your patience, cheerfulness, and professionalism helped create a beautiful legacy for me and my family."
- Greg
Genealogy Research
"I want to thank all of you for your time, effort, and focus on our ancestry project. We have reviewed the summary, journal and supporting documentation and I wanted to write to you to express how very happy we are with the end product that the team has produced for us. AncestryProGenealogists truly went above and beyond to make our project come out right, and in the end, you far exceeded our expectations - thank you!"
- Amy
Free Estimate
Contact Us
Ancestry.com Blog
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
CCPA Notice of Collection
Free Estimate
Careers
Scholarships
Press Releases
© Ancestry.com 2020