http://www.phikappaphi.org/privacy-policy
Membership
Join Now
Why Join?
Eligibility Requirements
Renew Your Membership
Benefits and Resources
Engagement Opportunities
Frequently Asked Questions
About Phi Kappa Phi
Mission and History
Leadership
News
Social Media
Graduation Photo Contest
Giving Opportunities
Contact
Society Documents
Awards
Undergraduate Students
Fellowship
Literacy
Study Abroad
Graduate Students
Dissertation Fellowship
Graduate Research
Fellowship
Literacy
Love of Learning
Professionals
Distinguished Service
Literacy
Love of Learning
Scholar and Artist
Institutions
Excellence in Innovation
Chapters
Find a Chapter
Get Involved With Your Chapter
Fall Service Project
2020 Biennial Convention
Chapter Officer Resources
Chapter Dashboard
Chapter Toolkit
Starting a Chapter
Publications
Annual Report
Focus Newsletter
Phi Kappa Phi Forum
Forum Archive
Forum Contributors
Invited Students Parents Chapter Officers
Donate | Community
| Store | Cart | Contact Us
Invited Students Parents Chapter Officers
|
Benefits |
My Profile |
Renew
Member Login
Donate | Community
| Store | Cart | Contact Us
Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Search
nav
Membership
Join NowWhy Join?Eligibility RequirementsRenew Your MembershipBenefits and ResourcesEngagement OpportunitiesFrequently Asked Questions
About Phi Kappa Phi
Mission and HistoryLeadershipNewsSocial Media
Graduation Photo Contest
Giving OpportunitiesContactSociety Documents
Awards
Undergraduate Students
FellowshipLiteracyStudy Abroad
Graduate Students
Dissertation FellowshipGraduate ResearchFellowshipLiteracyLove of Learning
Professionals
Distinguished ServiceLiteracyLove of LearningScholar and Artist
Institutions
Excellence in Innovation
Chapters
Find a ChapterGet Involved With Your Chapter
Fall Service Project
2020 Biennial ConventionChapter Officer Resources
Chapter DashboardChapter Toolkit
Starting a Chapter
Publications
Annual ReportFocus NewsletterPhi Kappa Phi Forum
Forum ArchiveForum Contributors
Privacy Statement and Notice Policy
Home/ Privacy Policy
By visiting any Phi Kappa Phi website or otherwise providing personal information to Phi Kappa Phi via any other means, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.   Introduction  Phi Kappa Phi recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy rights of the individual in relation to your personal information. This document is Phi Kappa Phi’s Privacy Policy and explains how we collect, use, manage, disclose and transfer your personal information, and explains your rights regarding your personal information.
We endeavor to apply suitable safeguards to protect your personal information as requested by applicable privacy laws. We will from time to time update the Privacy Policy as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies. How we collect and use your personal information We collect, use and disclose your personal information in order to provide services and products to you, to manage our relationship with you, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising under any contractual agreements entered into between you and us (including for billing and collection purposes), to respond to protected areas of our website and notify you about changes to our website, to conduct product and market research, to improve our products and services, and to improve the quality of our services. Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect the following types of personal information from you: current and historical information about your name, contact details (including postal address, email address, telephone number, etc.), identification, organizational affiliations, profession or occupation, forms submitted, communication preferences, payment details, and any additional information relating to you that you have provided to us directly or indirectly through your access and use of our website, by email, telephone, surveys, applications, written information collected or conversations with our representatives or otherwise.  Use of our website We may also collect information about your access and use of our website, including information about your computer and internet connection (e.g., IP address, operating system, browser type) and details about your visits to our website (e.g. traffic and location data, logs, and other communication data, and the resources you use and access on the website). We may also collect information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else, such as collecting anonymous answers to surveys or aggregated information about how users use our websites. We use this information to help us better suit our users’ needs. What happens if you don’t give us your information If you do not provide us with the requested information, we may not be able to provide the requested products, services or information to you, and we may not be able to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences. As a result, your visit to our website may not be as useful or relevant as it could be if you did provide the requested information. Consent From time to time we may seek your consent for a particular proposed collection, handling, use and disclosure of your personal information. You may withhold your consent to any or all such requests. If you have consented to a particular purpose for our use and disclosure of your personal information then we may rely on your consent until you withdraw it. You may withdraw your consent by changing your preferences in the “My Profile” section of the web page or by contacting us via the “How to contact us” section below.  We will then ensure that your details are removed from the relevant marketing contact list from which you have elected to opt-out.  Please note that the withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Your refusal to, or withdrawal of, consent may affect our ability to provide products, services and/or communications to you subject to the relevant consent. Cookies A “cookie” is a small summary text file that is stored on a mobile phone (e.g. iPhone or Android) or by your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari or Firefox). Cookies allow a website to store such things as user preferences, allowing the website to recognize a user and respond appropriately. When you access any Phi Kappa Phi website, we may use cookies to provide you with a better, more relevant and faster experience.  There are several types of cookies based on their use:
Some cookies we use to remember your preferences for tools on our websites, so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you switch a page or visit.They will remember your user login, the language you prefer and other things such as what video streaming speeds you use.In some cases, the information used by the cookies may be considered personal information if you are reasonably identifiable based on information readily available to us.
Some cookies are created and used by web analytics software (such as Google Analytics) to track how may individual unique users we have, and how often they visit the site.Unless you are signed into the site, these cookies cannot be used to identify you personally.If you are logged in, the login process links you to your stored membership record that includes your username and email address. Some cookies are used by geo-targeting software, which tries to identify what country you are in based on the information supplied by your browser when it requests a webpage.This cookie is completely anonymous and is only used to help target content such as advertising.
When you register with us, we generate cookies that signal whether you are signed in or not.We use these cookies to determine which account you are signed in with, and if you should get access to a service.It also allows us to associate any comments you post with your advertising cookies. Some cookies are used for directing advertisements.They allow us to know whether or not you’ve seen an advertisement or type of advertisement, and how long it has been since you’ve seen it.They are used to help target advertising so that you see more relevant advertising.These cookies are anonymous – they store information about the content you are browsing, but not about who you are.Those cookies of this type that are generated by third-party advertisers have their own privacy policies, and we have no access to read or write these cookies.These third-party advertising cookies may be used by those parties to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
On some of our pages, third parties may also set their own anonymous cookies for the purposes of tracking the use of their application or tailoring the application for you. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us.As an example, when you share an article using a social media sharing button on our sites, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.
A cookie will enable us to greet you each time you visit a website without bothering you with a request to register and to keep track of your interest in particular products or services on our websites, which we may use to tailor the relevance of news we send you. We also use cookies to measure traffic and transaction patterns and to determine which website areas have been visited. We use this information to improve our online products and services and for analytical purposes, such and analyzing trends, administering our websites, and gathering broad demographic information. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser or mobile device so that your internet-enabled device does not accept them. Most browsers and phones have a way to stop accepting classes of cookies or to stop accepting cookies from a particular website. Forums/Communities If you use our forums/communities, or post a message in a public place, you are giving consent for anyone to read, copy and republish your message or any part of it.  When you join a forum/community, your email address and contact information is available to other forum/community members and anyone can use it to write to you, email you, or to add your contact information to their own distribution list.  Forums also contain statistics and other information on your use of the forum, and this information is usually available to all forum members. We exercise no control over the use of any of this information. Other websites Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. Direct marketing materials We may collect, hold, use and/or disclose your personal information to send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you. These communications may be sent in various forms, including without limitation mail and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws. At any time you may opt–out of receiving marketing communications from us by using the opt–out facilities specified in our direct marketing communications or by contacting us via the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. We will then ensure that your details are removed from the relevant marketing contact list from which you have elected to opt–out. Website users who are California residents may, pursuant to California Civil Code § 1798.83, request certain information relating to our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, send an email to privacy@phikappaphi.org When and how we share your personal information We may combine, share and exchange your personal information with our related corporate affiliates in an effort to assist Phi Kappa Phi in managing, administering and providing products and/or services to you.  We may also combine, share and exchange your personal information with third-party service providers to Phi Kappa Phi who perform functions on our behalf, your personal information will only be shared to the extent reasonably necessary to perform their functions and they will not be authorized to use it for any other function. These third parties may include any organizations involved in our sales and support network (including solution providers and authorized consultants); organizations maintaining or providing information technology services; organizations providing analysis and research; organizations involved in our business processing functions or providing legal, management and administration services; organizations providing cloud computing or data warehousing services; organizations that perform advertising or marketing-related services; and suppliers or other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships for business related purposes. We may disclose your personal information to any third-party organization if we determine it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, rule, regulation or governmental determination or decision; to protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Phi Kappa Phi, our members or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third-party organization expressly authorized by you or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provided the information. The third parties to whom we disclose personal information are generally located in, but not limited to, the United States.   Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
Transferring personal data from the EU to the US We are a global nonprofit organization (501-C-3) with our national office in the United States.  This means that personal information may be used, processed and transferred to the United States and other countries or territories and those countries or territories may not offer the same level of data protection as the country where you reside, including the European Economic Area. Phi Kappa Phi collects and transfers from the EU to the U.S. personal data only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of Phi Kappa Phi in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Phi Kappa Phi endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with Phi Kappa Phi and the practices described in this Privacy Policy.   How to access and update your personal information The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects.  A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/overview-of-the-gdpr/individualsrights/the-right-to-be-informed/). This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about what personal data Phi Kappa Phi collects about you and how it is used.  If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@phikappaphi.org .  If you wish to confirm that Phi Kappa Phi is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data Phi Kappa Phi may have about you, please contact us at privacy@phikappaphi.org .  You may also request information about:  the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside Phi Kappa Phi might have received the data from Phi Kappa Phi; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to Phi Kappa Phi); and how long it will be stored.  You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by Phi Kappa Phi if it is inaccurate. You may request that Phi Kappa Phi erase the data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that Phi Kappa Phi cease using your data for direct marketing purposes.  In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how Phi Kappa Phi processes your personal data.  When technically feasible, Phi Kappa Phi will, at your request, provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller. You may request to access or update the personal information we hold about you in the Member Profile section of the website or by sending an email to privacy@phikappaphi.org or by contacting us at the address provided in the “How to contact us” section below.  In response to your request, we may ask that you confirm your identity and specify the information you wish to access so that we can quickly identify and retrieve the information for you, and we will inform you how long it will take to provide or update the requested information. We will take reasonable steps to respond to such requests within thirty (30) days of receipt.  Requests for access or correction should be made by using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below.  We will not charge you to make a request for access or to make a request for correction; we may, however, seek reimbursement from you for any reasonable expense incurred in retrieving, collating and forwarding the requested information to you or otherwise complying with your request. To the extent practicable, we will advise you in advance of those charges. We may exercise our right to deny access to or correction of particular information in certain situations where permitted by law. If we deny your request we will provide in writing the reason why it was denied. Security of your information Phi Kappa Phi uses a range of security measures, including information access restrictions, designed to prevent the misuse, interference, loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information. We hold personal information in physical and electronic forms and store it at our own premises and with the assistance of service providers.  The safety and security of your information also depends on you, and you are responsible for keeping confidential any passwords that provide access to certain parts of our website. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted via the Internet to our website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our website. Data storage and retention Your personal information is stored by Phi Kappa Phi on its servers, located in the United States.  Phi Kappa Phi retains data for the duration of the customer’s business relationship with Phi Kappa Phi.  For more information on where and how long your personal information is stored, please contact us at privacy@phikappaphi.org .  Changes and updates to the privacy policy By using the Phi Kappa Phi website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, including in order to comply with any future amendments to applicable privacy laws or regulations, by posting of the amended Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy on our websites. Your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.  The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy policies and practices that govern the use of this website.   How to contact us with privacy questions, concerns or complaints Please email privacy@phikappaphi.org if you would like to discuss the type of personal information we collect from you and the reason for the collection of such information. If you have further questions about privacy at Phi Kappa Phi, please contact Phi Kappa Phi’s Data Privacy and Security Officer as set forth below: The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi
7576 Goodwood Blvd.
Baton Rouge, LA 70806
Phone (800) 804-9880
Email: privacy@phikappaphi.org If you have a privacy complaint Phi Kappa Phi is committed to resolving your privacy complaints as quickly as possible and has procedures in place to help resolve any problems or complaints efficiently. If you have a concern or complaint about privacy at Phi Kappa Phi, please contact us at the contact information provided above. Last updated: May 24, 2018
The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi
7576 Goodwood Boulevard
Baton Rouge, LA 70806
800-804-9880
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us
|
Terms of Use
|
Sitemap
Join Phi Kappa Phi About Phi Kappa Phi Grants & Awards Chapters Publications & Resources
Invited Students Parents Chapter Officers Online Store Donate
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Flickr
Youtube
Instagram
Pinterest
Merit