http://www.ptk.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to contentPhi Theta Kappa Honor Society Privacy PolicyOverview
Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society (“PTK”, “Society”) is committed to the responsible use of personal information and sensitive information collected from and about its members, advisors, business partners and others who provide such information to the Society. This commitment is in accordance with both state and federal regulations concerning the use of sensitive information. Such sensitive information includes information that could be used to cause financial harm or reputational harm to any individual. This policy applies to personally identifiable sensitive information and how it is collected.
Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to protect the privacy of individuals who have sensitive information stored (either in electronic or paper form) on assets owned by Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, while at the same time providing the Society the ability to share this information with authorized entities as required by legitimate academic or business need or by law.
Scope
The PTK Privacy Policy applies to all members, advisors, eligible students, affiliates, and third-party service providers.
Privacy Policy
The responsible use of sensitive information requires that the Society respect individual privacy, protect against unauthorized access to or use of information, and comply fully with all laws and government regulations in the collection, use, storage, display, distribution and disposal of such information. Authorized uses of sensitive information within the Society are limited to uses which a) are necessary to meet legal and regulatory requirements; b) facilitate access to services, transactions, facilities and information; or c) support efficient administrative processes.
Access to sensitive information is limited to:
the individual whose information is produced or displayed;
a Society staff member or agent of the Society with authorized access based upon a legitimate interest and a need to know;
an organization or person authorized by the individual to receive the information;
or other individuals or entities, as allowed by law, for purposes judged to be appropriate or necessary for the reasonable conduct of Society business.
Where the Society gets Personal and Sensitive Personal Data
The Society receives personal and sensitive data from multiple sources. Most often, the Society gets this data directly from the data subject or under the direction of the data subject who has provided it to a third party.
Data Usage
In consideration of the rights granted to PTK Members under the Terms and Conditions of Membership, PTK Members grant us the right to:
process your membership and provide access to your member benefits,
to provide promotion of our chapter activities, store merchandise, advertising and other information to you,
and to allow our university and business partners to do the same.
Members who do not wish to see our communications or those of our partners can log into the Member account profile and adjust communication options within.
For full Terms and Conditions of Membership please visit https://www.ptk.org/terms-conditions-of-membership/.
Cookies
Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users’ web browsers to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication. The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user.  Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third-party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns. This information is used in the aggregate to monitor and enhance our web pages. It is not used to track the usage patterns of individual users.
Feedback
By providing feedback, ideas or suggestions to Phi Theta Kappa in connection with PTK scholarships, member benefits, programs or services, one acknowledges that the Feedback is not confidential, and authorizes Phi Theta Kappa to use Feedback without restriction and without payment to provider. Feedback is considered a type of Content.
Updated 11/2/20
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.