http://www.miraclecenter.org/wp/privacy-policy/
Miracle Distribution Center is deeply committed to user privacy and to the security of all data in our possession. By joining the special group of people who make up Miracle Distribution Center’s customers, you have entrusted us with a big responsibility. We do not take this responsibility lightly, and are committed to upholding a high standard when it comes to privacy and security. It is our goal to openly share our privacy policy to ensure that customers understand the security status of their data and Miracle Distribution Center’s specific privacy practices. This statement has been authored and published in the spirit of that goal.
Information Collection and Use
As part of our charitable offerings, customers may be requested to provide Miracle Distribution Center with the individualized information of users. Individualized information can be anything provided to our system that identifies a person, such as name, address, phone number, email address, user name or password. Miracle Distribution Center may use this information to contact a customer or to provide them with a service.
It is Miracle Distribution Center’s policy to send and receive individualized information only through secured channels and store it on tightly secured servers. Miracle Distribution Center does not share, distribute, print, or reference any individualized information except as may be required by law. We will only view or access individual information with specific permission as needed to implement products and services or to resolve a support issue. However, users may elect to share such information with a third-party vendor to perform certain specific services deemed reputable and secure by Miracle Distribution Center management. Please note that each user is responsible for maintaining the security of their own user credentials, including passwords.
If credit card information is collected to secure payment for services, such information is not stored by Miracle Distribution Center. Our bank assists in the processing of credit card transactions and all card information is destroyed after the transaction is successfully completed. Payments made via check are processed through private bank means and all checking information is maintained securely in our office and with our bank. Billing information is never used by Miracle Distribution Center for marketing or promotional purposes.
Miracle Distribution Center utilizes Google Analytics and other tools to track and analyze Internet visitor usage data. This includes the collection of Internet addresses and web browser cookies. This data is used to track how visitors navigate our website so that we can respond to visitor needs and create a better web experience. We do not track personally-identifiable information unless it is provided to us by the visitor.
Security of Data
Miracle Distribution Center’s network has extensive protective measures in place to ensure that misuse, loss, corruption, and alteration of data does not happen. To ensure the continued security of your individualized information, Miracle Distribution Center conducts periodic reviews of our security infrastructure, regularly updating our practices to meet the highest technological and data protection industry standards. We protect unauthorized access and inappropriate use of sensitive data at both the hardware and software levels, including the use of properly configured network firewalls, Secure Socket Layers (SSL), and VPN technologies for data in transit and encryption for data storage. Our products also incorporate advanced security features and methods, including encoded session identifications and dynamic data. The Miracle Distribution Center team is also committed to internal policies that dictate exactly how employees may use and access secure data.
Opt-Out Policy
We want to make sure you are comfortable with the way we use your information and know how to change your preferences. As an Miracle Distribution Center customer, please note that you have the right to decide how we use the information you provide to us. Should you wish to opt out of receiving general marketing information from us, please send us an email request detailing your preferred level of contact. Send your request to info@miraclecenter.org and we will remove your information from our contact lists.
Links to External Websites
The Miracle Distribution Center website may contain links to other websites. Miracle Distribution Center is not responsible for the content of these websites or for their respective privacy policies. Customers should carefully read and consider the privacy policy of such sites before disclosing any individualized information.
Concerns or Changes
Miracle Distribution Center may change this privacy statement at any time by posting revisions to this website. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this privacy statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised policy statement. Please check this privacy statement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy statement or any revised privacy statement, please exit the website immediately. Should you have any concerns or questions regarding this statement please contact Miracle Distribution Center at info@miraclecenter.org