http://www.donorware.com/privacy
CLIENT LOGIN
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
THE DONOR SUITE
ABOUT
WHY DONOR.COM
RESOURCES
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
Your trust and confidence are important to us. The following online privacy policy is to protect and secure the personal information you provide to our organization online.  The donor.com website is owned and operated by donor.com Inc, as detailed in our legal info page.
Keeping You Aware
Donor.com provides this policy so that you can be aware of our security practices and the way your personal information is collected and used. Changes to your privacy policy will be sent to the email in your account. You also are provided with an opportunity to remove your name from our mailing lists, if you so choose. [top]
Your Information - What We Collect
Instances in which your information may be collected online:
If you e-mail us or fill out an online form to provide feedback or to request information or materials from our organization.
If you subscribe to an online subscription such as an email newsletter.
If you are a client, or the employee of a client, of donor.com Inc / donor.com using any of our products or our ticket tracking system.
Kinds of Information:
The online information we collect from you can include your name, address, city, state, zip, telephone number(s), email address. Organization information is also collected by organizations using donor.com products and services.
Any information you submit to the our ticket management through email, online, phone or by a donor.com employee becomes the sole property of donor.com and is used to conduct contractual business between donor.com and its clients. This includes ticket activity submitted by clients and/or ticket activity submitted on behalf of client-approved 3rd party organizations or individuals.
The information you provide when filling out an online form will be used only as indicated in the form for the purpose of conducting new or existing business.
In order to improve and enhance our online services, we may also periodically ask you to provide voluntary information such as testimonials, contact preferences, online suggestions, or information regarding your demographical information.
[top]
How We Use Your Information
Existing Clients:
Your information is used to facilitate, assist, and improve your use of donor.com products and services.
Non-client Inquiries:
We are honored that you are considering donor.com's products and services to help serve your organization's fund-raising technology needs. If you choose to contact donor.com through an online form, email, postal mail or the phone, your information will be retained only in the effort to assist you in choosing donor.com products and services.
[top]
How We Protect Your Information
The first protection we ensure is that donor.com never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. The identity of all who contact us through our website, postal mail, and email will be kept confidential. The use of your information is limited to internal purposes of donor.com, by authorized individuals, to better service an existing client, potential client or donor.com foundation partner relationship.
donor.com makes every effort to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
donor.com uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted staff who are specially trained in processing this information.
[top]
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
donor.com allows you to manage which email lists you subscribe to when you log into your account at Manage Email Updates. Additionally you can be removed from any future communications from our organization by contacting us via email at donor.com.com">info@donor.com
If you determine that information in our database is inaccurate or it has changed, you can modify your personal information at www.donor.com/my_account, by emailing us at info@donor.com or by calling us at 1-877-751-3300.
[top]
Additional Provisions
This privacy policy pertains only to donor.com. For the privacy policies of organizations serviced by donor.com, please refer to those site's individual privacy policies.
[top]
Everything has worked very smoothly, and it has been an incredibly user-friendly process for our staff to navigate the TntMPD DataServer website. We are very happy to provide timely information about gifts for our staff members, as it helps them to thank their ministry partners, plan well for future ministry endeavors, and keep track of the ministry partner development in a clear manner.
Carissa Kienzle // Director of Operations, Global Training Network
We are very satisfied with the product and the work that you have done to customize DASCO for our use.
Neil Campbell // North American Coordinator, Family Foundations
We had a 14 percent increase in the number of gifts (donations) last year and we couldn’t handle it without additional staff. Without this system, we ran about one week behind and held work parties to catch up. Now we can handle most gifts the same day the mail comes in and we were able to transfer three people to other areas needing help.
Neil Campbell // North American Coordinator, Family Foundations
Ready to Get Started? Contact Us Today!
DONOR SUITE   |  ABOUT   |  WHY DONOR   |  RESOURCES   |  BLOG  | CONTACT 229 Ward Circle Drive, Suite A21  •  Brentwood, TN 37027  •  T: 877.751.3300  •  info@donor.com
©2020 Donor.com All rights reserved. Legal | Privacy